THE

STATUTES AT LARGE

From the First Year of

KING JAMES the FIRST

To the Tenth Year of the Reign of

KING WILLIAM the THIRD.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time.

VOLUME the THIRD.

LONDON:

Printed for Mark Basket, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and by the Assigns of Robert Basket;

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXIII

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS from the First Year of the Reign of James I. to the Tenth Year of the Reign of William III

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno secundo [vulgo] primo Jacobi Regis.

1. A Most joyful and just Recognition of the immediate, lawful and undoubted Succession, Descent and Right of the Crown.

2. An Act authorising certain Commissioners of England, to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms.

3. An Act against the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishoprics and Bishoprics, and avoiding of Dilapidations of the same.

4. An Act for the due Execution of the Statutes against Jesuits, Seminary Priests, Recusants.

5. An Act to prevent the Over-charge of the People by Stewards of Court-Leets and Court-Barons.

6. An Act made for the Explanation of the Statute made in the fifth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth's Reign, concerning Labourers.

7. An Act for the Continuation and Explanation of the Statute made in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intitled, An Act for punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars.

8. An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy from some Kind of Manslaughter.

9. An Act to restrain the inordinate Haunting and Tippling in Inns, Alehouses, and of Victualling houses.

10. An Act for the better Execution of Justice.

11. An Act to restrain all Persons from Marriage, until their former Wives and former Husbands be dead.

12. An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits.

13. An Act for new Executions to be sued against any which shall hereafter be delivered out of Execution by Privilege of Parliament, and for Discharge of them out of whose Custody such Persons shall be delivered.

14. A Remedy for a Freeman of London to recover a Debt not exceeding forty Shillings owing to him by another inhabiting within the said City or the Liberties: A Penalty if the Debtor do not appear before the Commissioners upon Warning; or if the Creditor or Debtor do not perform their Order; or if the Creditor, being a Freeman of London, do sue any other Freemen out of the same City, for a Debt under forty Shillings.

15. An Act for the better Relief of the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts.

16. An Act concerning Wherrymen and Watermen.

17. An Act for the better Execution of former Laws touching the making of Hats and Felts, and for the more Restraint of unskilful and deceivable Workmanship therein used, to the Wrong of all Sorts of the People of this Realm.

18. An Act for avoiding of Deceitful selling, buying or spending corrupt and unwholesome Hops.

19. An Act for the well Garbling of Spices.

20. An Act for Redress of certain Abuses and Deceits used in Painting.

21. An Act against Brokers.

22. An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather.

23. An Act for the better Preservation of the Fishing in the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall, and for the Relief of Balkers, Condors and Fishermen, against malicious Suits.

24. An Act against the deceitful and false making of Mildernix and Powle Davies, whereof Sail-Cloths for the Navy and other Shipping are made.

25. An Act for continuing and reviving of divers Statutes, and for repealing of some others.

26. An Act for the Continuance and due Observation of certain Orders for the Exchequer, first set down and established by Virtue of a Privy Seal from the late Queen Elizabeth.

27. An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes, made against shooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and against the destroying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow.

28. A Confirmation of the King's Letters Patents, bearing Date at Westminster 30 Die Aprilis, Anno 2 Regis Jacobi, granted to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the Franchises, Liberties and Customs of the said Borough.

29. To what Sorts of Flesh, Licences to eat Flesh in Lent shall not extend: What Sort of Flesh shall not be killed in Lent to be put to Sale.

30. The Inhabitants of Melcomb-Regis, in the County of Dorset, within the Diocese of Bristol, may at their own Costs build a Church upon the Ground where the Chapel now standeth, and the Grounds adjoining, convenient to receive the Inhabitants of Radipol, and inclose the waste Grounds adjoining, to make a Church-yard for a Place of Burial; after which Church is builded, it shall be called the Parochial Church of Radipol; and the new Parson of Radipol, and his Successors, shall be Parsons thereof; and the old Parish-Church of Radipol shall be but a Chapel of Ease; And the Patron of the old Parish-Church Radipol shall be Patron of the New. And a new Mansion-House in Melcomb-Regis assigned to the said Parson and his Successors forever.

31. An Act for the charitable Relief and ordering of Persons infected with the Plague.

32. From the End of this Session of Parliament, during seven Years, and no longer, there shall he paid by the Master or Owner of every Ship, Vessel or Grayer (saving of Lime Regis in the County of Dorset) whereof any of the King's Subjects shall be Owners or Part-Owners of the Burden of twenty Tons or upwards, for every Voyage Loading or Discharging within this Realm, or to or from any Foreign Country beyond the Seas, and passing to or from London, or from to or by Dover, or coming into the Harbour there, (not having a Cocquet testifying his Payment before) three Pence for every Ton of the Burden of every such Vessel, &c. except Vessels loaden with Sea Coals or Grind-stones; and for every Chaldron of Sea-Coals or Grind stones, 1d. ob. which shall be paid to the Customer, Collector of Customs or Subsidies, or their Deputies, &c.

33. An Act of a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno secundo [vulgo] primo Jacobi Regis.

1. An act of Confirmation of the Jointure of the most High and Mighty Princess Anne, Queen of England, Scotland, France and Ireland.

2. An Act for an Assignment of certain Sums of Money for defraying of the Charges of the King's most Honourable Household.

3. An Act for Restitution of Henry Earl of Southampton.

4. An Act for the Restitution of the Son and two Daughters of Robert late Earl of Essex.

5. An Act for the Restitution of Thomas, only Son of Philip late Earl of Arundel.

6. An Act for the Restitution in Blood of William Howard, youngest Son of Thomas late Duke of Norfolk, and of the Children of the Lady Margaret Sackvile, Daughter of the said Duke.

7. An Act for the Restitution of William Pagett, only Son of Thomas, late Lord Pagett.

8. An Act for the Restitution of Thomas Lucas, Gentleman, in Blood.

9. An Act to secure Simpson's Debt, and save harmless the Warden of the Fleet in Sir Thomas Sherley's Case.

10. An Act for the Naturalizing of Lodovick Duke of Lenox, Henry Lord of Obigney, his Brother, and their Children.

11. An Act for the Naturalizing of the Right Honourable Margaret Countess of Nottingham.

12. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Earl of Marre, his Wife and Children.

13. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir George Howme, Knight, Lord Treasurer of Scotland, his Wife and Children.

14. An Act for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents made to Sir George Howme, Knight, Lord Treasurer of Scotland.

15. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Edward Bruce, Knight, Lord of Kinlosse, his Wife and Children, and for Confirmation of Letters Patents made to him.

16. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Thomas Areskyn, Knight, and Alexander Areskyn his Son, and all other the Children of the said Sir Thomas, born in the Kingdom of Scotland, or wheresoever within the King's Majesty's Dominions.

17. An Act for Confirmation of Letters Patents made to the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Nottingham, Lord Admiral of England, Thomas Earl of Suffolk, Lord Chamberlain of the King's Household, Sir John Leveson, and Sir John Trevor, Knights, for the Use and Benefit of the Lady Frances Dowager of Kildare, and now Wife of Henry late Lord Cobham, attainted.

18. An Act for the Naturalizing of Dame Mary Aston, Wife to Sir Roger Aston, Knight, and their Children.

19. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir John Ramsey Knight.

20. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir James Hay, Knight.

21. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Gordon Dean of Sarum, his Wife and Children.

22. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir John Kennedy, Knight.

23. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir John Drumonde, Knight.

24. An Act for the Naturalizing of Adam Newton, Esquire.

25. An Act for Restitution in Blood of Thomas Littleton, eldest Son of John Littleton, late of Frankley in the County of Worcester, Esquire, deceased, John Littleton, second Son of the said John Littleton deceased, and Edward Littleton, third Son of the said John Littleton deceased, Bridget Littleton, eldest Daughter of the said John Littleton deceased, Anne Littleton, second Daughter of the said John Littleton deceased, and Jane Littleton, third Daughter of the said John Littleton deceased.

26. An Act for the Naturalizing of William Browne, Anne Browne, and Barbara Browne, Children of Sir William Browne, Knight, Lieutenant-Governor of his Majesty's Cautionarie Town of Ulishinge.

27. An Act for the Enabling of Thomas Throgmorton, Esquire, to make Sale of certain Lands for Payment of his Debts.

28. An Act for the Naturalizing of Thomas Glover, Margaret Mordant, Francis Collimore, Alexander Daniell, Nicholas Gilpine, and Mary Copcote.

29. An Act for the Sale of certain Lands of Sir Thomas Rowse, Knight, for the Payment of his Debts.

30. An Act for the quiet Establishing and Settling, of the Lands and Possessions late of Sir George Rodney, Knight, deceased.

31. An Act for the Assuring of certain Lands and Tenements to the Dean and Canons of Windsor and of Assuring a Lease of the Prebend of Bedwin in the County of Wilts to Edward Earl of Hertford.

32. An Act for Henry Jernegan the Younger, for the Sale of the Manor of Dagas in Raveningham and Heringfleete alias St. Olaves in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, for the Payment of his Debts.

33. An Act for the Jointure of the Wife of Martin Calthrope. Gentleman.

34. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Lovell, Esquire.

35. An Act for Explanation of a former Act made in the 43d Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Enabling Edward Nevile of Birling in the County of Kent, and Sir Henry Nevile, Knight, his Son and Heir apparent, to dispose of certain Copyhold Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Rotherfield in the County of Sussex, and of the Manors of Allesley and Filonley in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act to enable John Tebols, Gentleman, to make his Wife a Jointure of certain of his Lands, and to sell some Part for Preferment of his younger Children.

37. An Act for the Naturalizing of Katherine Vincent, Elizabeth Vincent, Susanna Vincent, Hester Vincent, and Mary Vincent.

38. An Act for the Naturalizing of Victor Chauntrel, Peter Martin, Mentia Van Urzell, Wife of George Aldriche, Esquire, Sabina Aldriche, Edward, and Peregrine Aldriche, her Children.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno tertio Jacobi Regis.

1. AN Act for a Publick Thanksgiving to Almighty God every Year on the fifth Day of November,

2. An Act for the Attainder of divers Offenders in the late most barbarous, monstrous, detestable and damnable Treasons.

3. An Act declaratory, explaining the Branch of an Act made in the first Session of this Parliament, intituled, An Act authorising certain Commissioners of the Realm of England, to treat with the Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms.

4. An Act for the better Discovering and Repressing of Popish Recusants.

5. An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusants

6. An Act to enable all his Majesty's loving Subjects of England and Wales, to Trade freely into the Dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

7. An Act to reform the Multitudes and Misdemeanors of Attornies and Sollicitors at Law, and to avoid unnecessary Suits and Charges in Law.

8. An Act to avoid unnecessary Delays of Executions.

9. An Act for the Relief of such as lawfully use the Trade and Handicraft of Skinners.

10. An Act for the Rating and Levying of the Charges for conveying Malefactors and Offenders to the Gaol.

11. An Act for Transportation of Beer over the Seas.

12. An Act for the better Preservation of Sea-Fish.

13. An Act against unlawful Hunting, stealing of Deer and Conies.

14. An Act for Explanation of the Statute of Sewers.

15. An Act for the Recovering of small Debts, and for the Relieving of poor Debtors in London.

16. An Act for the Repeal of one Act made in the fourteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth's Reign, concerning the Length of Kersies.

17. An Act concerning Welsh Cottons.

18. An Act for the bringing in of a fresh Stream of running Water to the North Part of the City of London.

19. An Act for the Repairing and Maintaining of the Highway leading from Kingston to Nonsuch.

20. An Act for making Passage from London to Oxford by Water.

21. An Act to restrain the Abuses of Players.

22. An Act for paving of Drury-Lane, and the Town of St. Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

23. An Act for the making up and keeping in Reparation of Chepstow- Bridge.

24. An Act for making a Bridge over the River of Severn, in this County of Worcester.

25. An Act for a Confirmation of four Subsidies, of four Shillings in the Pound, granted to the King by the Clergy.

26. An Act for Three intire Subsidies, and Six Fifteens, granted to the King by the Temporalty.

27. An Act for a Confirmation of the King's General and Free Pardon.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno tertio Jacobi Regis.

1. AN Act for the Assuring of certain small Parcels of Ground to Robert Earl of Salisbury and his Heirs, for the Inlargement and Commodious Use of his Mansion House in the Strand, now called Salisbury House, and for Recompence to be given for the same.

2. An Act for the Assurance of the Jointure of the Right Honourable Frances Countess of Essex, Wife of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Essex.

3. An Act for the President and Scholars of Corpus Christi College in the University of Oxford.

4. An Act for the better Sale of certain Lands of Henry late Lord Windsor deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and better Performance of his Last Will and Testament.

5. An Act for the Establishing of the Possessions and Inheritance of Edmund late Lord Chandos of Sudeley deceased.

6. An Act to establish in the Crown the Lands and Possessions of Henry late Lord Cobham, and George Brooke, Esquire, attainted of High Treason, with a Confirmation of Grants made by his Majesty.

7. An Act for the Confirmation of certain Leases and Estates made by the Right Honourable Robert Lord Spencer, and by his late Father deceased, and his Mother now living.

8. An Act for the Restoring and Enabling of Henry Lord Danvers, as Son and Heir to Sir John Danvers, Knight, deceased, notwithstanding the Attainder and Corruption of Blood of Sir Charles Danvers, Knight, deceased, elder Brother of the said Lord Danvers.

9. An Act for the Confirmation of the King's Majesty's Letters Patents made to the Provost and Scholars of Oriel College in Oxford.

10. An Act for Confirmation of Letters Patents made to the Governors of the Free Grammar School at Saint Bees, in the County of Cumberland.

11. An Act to enable Sir Christopher Hatton, Knight, to dipose of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, notwithstanding a Limitation or Clause of Perpetuity annexed to his Estate.

12. An Act to assure and confirm the Sale of certain Lands lying within the County of Middlesex, to Thomas Lake, Knight, and Dame Mary, his Wife.

13. An Act for Sale of certain Lands of Sir Jonathan Trelawny, Knight, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

14. An Act for Assuring of the Jointure of Dame Elionor Cave, Wife of Sir Thomas Cave of Stand forde, in the County of Northampton, Knight.

15. An Act for enabling of John Hotham, Esquire, the Father, and John Hotham his Son, to convey certain Lands for a Jointure of such Wife as John the Son shall marry.

16. An Act for the settling of the Manor of Rye in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, upon William Throckmorton, Esquire, and his Heirs, according to a Feoffment thereof made by Charles late Earl of Devonshire.

17. An Act for the more speedy Sale of certain Lands of Sir Thomas Rowse, Knight, for Payment of his Debts.

18. An Act for Assurance of certain Lands late Sir John Skinner's, Knight, to Sir William Smith and Sir Michael Hickes, Knights.

19. An Act for the Relief of John Roger, Gentleman, against Robert Taylor, Paul Taylor, and William Taylor for defrauding of a Trust reposed in Thomas Taylor their Father, and decreed against them in the High Court of Chancery.

20. An Act for the Assurance of the Lands of Walter Walsh, Esquire.

21. An Act for Sale of certain Lands of Edward Downes Esquire, for Payment of his Debts.

22. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir David Foulis, Knight, and for Confirmation of Letters Patents by his most Excellent Majesty to him made.

23. An Act for the Naturalizing of the Children of Sir Edward Conway, Knight, Lieutenant Governor of the King's Majesty's Cautionary Town of the Brill.

24. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir James Areskyn, Knight, his Wife and Children.

25. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir David Murray, Knight, Gentleman of the Prince his Bedchamber, and Thomas Murray, Esquire, Schoolmaster to the Duke of York.

26. An Act for the Naturalizing of Daniel Godfrey of the Parish of Saint Buttolphes without Aldgate, Gentleman.

27. An Act for the Restitution in Blood of John Holland Son of Brian Holland, and Thomas Holland Son of the said John Holland.

28. An Act for Restitution of Rowlande Mericke, Son of Sir Gelley Mericke, Knight, and Dame Margaret, Wife of Sir John Vaughan, Knight, Daughter of the said Sir Gelley, in Blood.

29. An Act for the Performance and Execution of a Decree in the Chancery, made between William le Gris, Plaintiff, and Robert Cottrel, Defendant.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno quarto Jacobi Regis.

1. An Act for the utter Abolition of all Memory of Hostility, and the Dependance thereof, between England and Scotland, and for the Repressing of Occasions of Disorders, and Disorders in Time to come.

2. An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloth.

3. An Act to give Costs to the Defendant upon a Nonsuit of the Plaintiff, or Verdict against him.

4. An Act to restrain the Utterance of Beer and Ale to Alehouse-keepers and Tiplers not licenced.

5. An Act for repressing the odious and loathsom Sin of Drunkenness.

6. An Act for Repealing so much of one Branch of a Statute made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, as concerneth the sealing of Sheep-Skins, and to avoid selling of tanned Leather by Weight.

7. An Act for the Founding and Incorporating of a Free Grammar-School in the Town of Northleech in the County of Gloucester.

8. An Act touching the drowned Marshes of Lesnes and Fants in the County of Kent.

9. An Act to explain a former Act made in the last Session of this Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable all his Majestys loving Subjects of England and Wales, to Trade freely into the Dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

10. An Act for Confirmation of some Part of a Charter granted by King Henry the Sixth to the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Town of Southampton, and for the Relief of the said Town.

11. An Act for the better Provision of Meadow and Pasture, for necessary Maintenance of Husbandry and Tillage in the Manors, Lordships and Parishes of Marden, alias Mawarden, Bodenham, Wellington, Sutton St. Michael, Sutton St. Nicholas, Murton upon Lug, and the Parish of Pipe, and every of them, in the County of Hereford.

12. An Act for Explanation of a Statute made in the third Year of the Reign of King James, intituled, An Act for the bringing in of a fresh Stream of running Water to the North Parts of the City of London.

13. An Act for the Draining of certain Fens and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, subject to Hurt by surrounding, containing about six thousand Acres, compassed about with certain Banks, commonly called and named the Ring of Waldersey and Cooldham.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno quarto Jacobi Regis.

1. AN Act for the Assurance of the House of Theobalds, and divers Manors and other Lands, to the Queen's Majesty for Term of her Life, and of the same House, Manors and Lands, with other Manors and Lands, to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for the Assurance of other Manors and Lands to the Earl of Salisbury and his Heirs.

2. An Act for the Enabling of John Goode, Esquire, to convey unto his Majesty a small Portion of Land during a Term of Years.

3. An Act for the Establishment and Assurance of divers of the Possessions and Hereditaments of Ferdinando late Earl of Derby.

4. An Act whereby Richard Sackvile, Esquire, is enabled to make a Surrender unto the King's Majesty of the Offices of Chiefe Butler of England and Wales, notwithstanding his Minority of Years.

5. An Act for the Assuring of the Advowson of the Vicarage of Cheshunt to Robert Earl of Salisbury and his Heirs, and of the Advowson of the Rectory of Orset to Richard Bishop of London and his Successors.

6. An Act for Confirmation of an Agreement betwixt Edward Lord Bruce and Michael Doyly and others, for the Lands late of William Ibgrave deceased.

7. An Act for Confirmation of the King's Majesty's Letters Patents made by Robert Bathurst, Esquire, of the Manor and Borough of Lachlad in the County of Gloucester.

8. An Act for the Confirmation of the King's Majesty's Letters Patents made to William Bourcher, Esquire, of the Manor of Bardisley in the County of Gloucester.

9. An Act for Confirmation of certain Lands to the Warden and College of the Souls of all faithful People deceased of Oxon, and of other Lands to Sir William Smith, Knight.

10. An Act for Securing and Confirming of the Lands, Tenements and Rents heretofore granted, devised or conveyed to several Companies within the City of London, and to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London.

11. An Act for further Assurance to the Purchasers of certain Lands late Sir Jonathan Trelawnys Knight, deceased, appointed by Act of Parliament to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

12. An Act for Restitution in Blood of the Sons and Daughters of Edward Windsor.

13. An Act for the better Enabling of John Evelyn, Esquire to make Sale of certain Lands for the Payment of his Debts.

14. An Act for the Assignment of a Jointure to such Wife as John Thompson, Son and Heir of Robert Thompson a Lunatick, shall marry, and for present Maintenance of the said John.

15. An Act for the Sale of the Lands of William Waller, Esquire, to perform a Decree in Chancery, for the Payment of 505l. 10s. 6d

16. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Steward, Esquire, Brother and Heir apparent to Patricke Earl of Orkney.

17. An Act for the Naturalizing of Peter Baro, alias Barow, Doctor of Physick, and Mary his Wife.

18. An Act for the Naturalizing of James Desmaistres of the Parish of St. Buttolphes without Aldgate, and Mary his Wife.

19. An Act for the Naturalizing of Fabian Smith.

20. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Ramsden.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno septimo Jacobi Regis.

1. AN Act for the better Execution of Justice, and suppressing of criminal Offenders, in the North Parts of the Kingdom of England.

2. An Act that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood, shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy.

3. An Act for the Continuing and better Maintenance of Husbandry and other Manual Occupations, by the true Imployment of Monies given and to be given for the Binding out of Apprentices.

4. An Act for the due Execution of divers Laws and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars, and other lewd and idle Persons.

5. An Act for Ease in pleading troublesome and contentious Suits prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Constables, and certain other his Majesty's Officers, for the lawful Execution of their Office.

6. An Act for administring the Oath of Allegiance, and Reformation of married Women Recusants.

7. An Act for the Punishing and Correcting of Deceit and Frauds committed by Sorters, Kembers, and Spinsters of Wool, and Weavers of Woollen Yarn.

8. An Act to inlarge an Act of Parliament made in the Second and Third Year of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for keeping of milch Kine, or breeding and rearing of Calves.

9. An Act for the bringing of fresh Streams of Water by Engine from Hackney Marsh to the City of London, for the Benefit of the King's College at Chelsea.

10. An Act for Reformation of Alehouse-keepers.

11. An Act to prevent the Spoil of Corn and Grain by untimely Hawking, and for the better Preservation of Pheasants and Partridges.

12. An Act to avoid the double Payment of Debts.

13. An Act for the Explanation of one Statute made in the second Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act against unlawful Hunting and Stealing of Deer and Conies.

14. An Act for reviving of Part of a former Act made in the fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth, That no Stranger or Alien shall buy English Horns unwrought, and that the Wardens of the Horners of the City of London for the Time being, should have Power to search all Manner of Wares appertaining to their Mystery in London and twenty-four Miles on every Side of it.

15. An Act concerning some Manner of Assignment of Debts to his Majesty.

16. An Act for the Encouragement of many poor People in Cumberland and Westmorland, and in the Towns and Parishes of Carptmell, Oxhead and Broughton, in the County of Lancaster, to continue a Trade of making Cog-ware, Kendals, Carptmeals and coarse Cottons.

17. An Act to prevent burning of Ling, Heath, &c. in certain Counties in Summer.

18. An Act for the Taking, Landing, and Carrying of Sea-Sand for the bettering of Ground, and for the Increase of Corn and Tillage, within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

19. An Act for the Continuance and Reparation of a new built Wear upon the River of Exe, near unto the City of Exeter.

20. An Act for the speedy Recovery of many Thousand Acres of Marsh Ground aid other Ground within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in divers Parts of the said Counties, and for the Prevention of the Danger of the like Surrounding hereafter.

21. An Act for Confirmation of Decrees hereafter to be made in the Exchequer-Chamber and Duchy-Court, concerning Copyhold Lands and Tenements.

22. An Act for Confirmation of a Subsidy granted by the Clergy to the King.

23. An Act for One Subsidy and One Fifteen granted to the King by the Temporalty.

24. An Act for a Confirmation of the King's General and Free Pardon.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno septimo Jacobi Regis.

1. An Act for Confirmation of several Decrees made in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, and Duchy Chamber, between the King's Majesty and divers Copyholders of his Majesty's Manor of Wakefield in the County of York.

2. An Act for Confirmation of a Decree made in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, between the King's Majesty and the Copyholders of his Majesty's Manor of Edelmeton, alias Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex.

3. An Act for the perfect Creation and Confirmation of certain Copyhold Lands in the Honour, Castle, Manor or Lordship of Clitherowe, or in the several Manors or Lordships of Duchy, Accarington, Colne and Ightenhill, in the County of Lancaster.

4. An Act for the Assuring and Establishing of the Isle of Man.

5. An Act for the Explanation of a Proviso or Branch of a Statute contained in an Act of Parliament made in the Years of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King James, of England, France and Ireland the Fourth, and of Scotland the Fortieth, intituled, An Act for the Establishment and Assurance of divers of the Possessions and Hereditaments of Ferdinando late Earl of Derby.

6. An Act for the Assurance of certain Lands and Rent to the Bishop of Duresine and his Successors, and of certain other Lands to Robert Earl of Salisbury and his Heirs.

7. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Robert Karre, Knight.

8. An Act for the Naturalizing of Mistress Jane Drummond, Gentlewoman of the Queen's Majesty's Bedchamber.

9. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Bretts and Farm of Plastowe in the Country of Essex, Parcel of the Possessions of Henry Earl of Oxonford, towards the Repurchasing of the Castle, Manor and Parks of Henningham in the same County, being the antient Inheritance and Chief Mansion House of the Earls of Oxonford.

10. An Act for the Assuring of the Farm and Demesnes of Damerham and other Lands in Wiltshire, according to his Majesty's Grant, and a former Grant made by King Edward the Sixth.

11. An Act for the Foundation of an Hospital, a Grammar School, and Maintenance of a Preacher, in the Town of Thetford, for ever, according to the Last Will and Testament of Richard Fulmarston Knight.

12. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Murray, John Livingston, and John Auchmoth, Grooms of his Majesty's Bedchamber, and Richard Murray, Warden of Manchester.

13. An Act for the Naturalizing of Levinus Munke, one of the Clerks of his Majesty's Signet.

14. An Act for the Confirming and Establishing of a Decree made in the High Court of Chancery, for and on the Behalf of nine poor Children and Orphans of Willam Elrington and Edward Elrington, against Edward Cage, Executor of the last Will and Testament of Rowland Elrington Brother of the said Edward and William Elrington, and Uncle of the said Children, and for the Extending of the Lands and Goods of the said Edward Cage, for the speedy Execution and Performance of the said Decree, and the Payment and Satisfaction of the Sums of Money thereby decreed to the said Children.

15. An Act for the Naturalizing of Robert Browne, his Majesty's Servant in Ordinary.

16. An Act for Confirmation of certain Fines levied by John Arundell of Guarnack, Esquire, to John Arundell of Trerise, Esquire, deceased, and for settling of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprised in the said Fines, upon John Arundell, Esquire, and his Heirs, Son of the said John Arundell deceased.

17. An Act to enable Edward Nevill, Lord Bergavenny, and Sir Henry Nevill, Knight, his eldest Son, to alien certain Lands, for Payment of their Debts, and Advancement of their Daughters and younger Sons, and for better Assurance of other Lands lately purchased by the said Lord from his Majesty.

18. An Act for the Restitution in Blood of the Son and two Daughters of George Brooke, late attainted of High Treason.

19. An Act for the disuniting of the Parsonages of Ashe and Deane, within the County of Southampton, being Presentative and with the Cure of Souls.

20. An Act for the Naturalizing of Henry Gibb, Groom of the Bed-chamber to the most Excellent Prince Henry Prince of Wales.

21. An Act for Sale of Part of the Lands of William Essex of Lambore in the County of Berks, Esquire, for the Payment of his Debts, and settling the Residue upon himself and his Posterity.

22. An Act for the Relief of John Holdich, Gentleman, disinherited by the extraordinary Amending of the Errors of a fine.

23. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir George Ramsey, Knight, Equerry of the most Excellent Prince Henry, Walter Alexander, Gentleman Usher of the said Prince Henry, and John Sandilandis, Groom of the said Prince his Bedchamber.

24. An Act for the Naturalizing of Peter Venloore of Fanchurch Street, London, Merchant.

25. An Act for the Securing and Confirming of certain Lands and Tenements, heretofore granted, devised or conveyed to the Companies of Salters and Brewers of London.

26. An Act for the Uniting and Annexing of the Parsonage and decayed Parish of Froom Whitfield, in the County of Dorset, to the Parsonage and Parish of the Holy Trinity in Dorchester, in the said County.

27. An Act to confirm and enable the Erection and Establishment of an Hospital, a Free Grammar School, and sundry other godly and charitable Acts and Uses, done and intended to be done and performed by Thomas Sutton Esquire.

28. An Act for making void of certain Conveyances, and the Estates limited thereby, unduly gotten from Sir Henry Crispe, Knight, whereby he is defrauded of the Inheritance of divers Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lying in the County of Kent, and for the Establishing of the Inheritance of the same in the said Sir Henry Crispe and his Heirs.

29. An Act for the Enabling of the Assurance of certain Lands conveyed for the Portions of three of the Daughters of John Wentworth, Esquire, and for the Confirmation of Certain other Estates for Life in other Lands, and to enable Sir John Wentworth, Knight, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of his Debts.

30. An Act for the Enabling of Reginald Rous of Badlingham in the County of Suffolk, Gentleman, to make Sale of the third Part of the Manor of Badingham Hall with the Appurtenances, and of the third Part of certain other Lands and Tenements with the Appurtenances in Badingham, Tymington, and Little Glenham, in the said County of Suffolk, to Reginald Rous of the Inner Temple, London, Esquire, Nephew to the said Reginald Rous of Badingham.

31. An Act for the Naturalizing of Edward Palmer and Henry Palmer, Sons of William Palmer of Ulishing, and of Michael Boyle, the Son of James Boyle, Citizen and Mercer of London.

32. An Act for the Enabling of Charles Waldgrave, Esquire, to make Sale of certain Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and the Advancement of his younger Sons and Daughters.

33. An Act for the Naturalizing of Richard Bladwell, John Bladwell, and Robert Bladwell, the Sons of John Bladwell an Englishmen, George Plasden and John Hisden the Sons, and Martin Hasden the Wife of John Hasden an Englishmen, Elizabeth Cradock and Anne Cradock, the Daughters of William Cradock an Englishmen, Jane alias Janekyn Carstens, and Elizabeth Van Buechton.

34. An Act for the Confirmation of the Sale and Conveyance of divers Manors, Lordships, Liberties, and other Hereditaments, late Henry Jarnegan's, Esquire, made by Sir Thomas Hirne, Knight, Christopher Hirne, Gentleman, and Clement Hirne, Esquire, unto Sir John Heveningham, Knight, and Dame Bridget his Wife.

35. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Mounsy.

36. An Act for the Naturalizing of Johannekyn alias Joane Greensmith, Daughter of Mathew Greensmith, Citizen and Grocer of London.

37. An Act for Confirmation of three several Writings indented, purporting and setting forth the Revocations of three several Conveyances or Assurances made by Sir Robert Drury, Knight, unto divers Persons, upon Natural Considerations only.

38. An Act for the Naturalizing of Margaret Clark, Wife of Robert Clark, Gentleman.

39. An Act for the Amending of a Writ of Entry whereupon a Common Recovery was had of the Inheritance of Sir John Byron, Knight, within the County Palatine of Lancaster.

40. An Act for the Naturalizing the Right Reverend Father in God George Montgomery, Lord Bishop of Derry in Ireland, Sir James Fullwrton, and Sir Hugh Montgomery, Knight, and Hugh and James Montgomery, Children of the said Sir Hugh Montgomery.

41. An Act for the Naturalizing of Martinus Schonerus, Ordinary Physician to the Queen's Majesty, Dorothy Seelkyn, and Engella Seelkyn, two Maids of the Queen's Majesty's Bed-chamber, Katherine Benneken, Servant to the Queen's Majesty, John Wolfang Rumbler, Apothecary in Ordinary to the King and Queen's Majesty, and Anna de Lobell alias Wolfang Rumbler, his Wife.

42. An Act to make one Writing indented, bearing Date the ninth Day of March in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign of England, made by Christopher Smith, Esquire, and Millicent Smith his Son and Heir apparent, purporting a Revocation of the Uses and Estates of the Manor of Water Newton in the County of Huntington, and of divsrs Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the said Writing of Revocation mentioned, to have the full Force and Power of a perfect Deed of Revocation, according to the Purport of the said Writing, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Parties thereunto, whereby the said Millicent Smith may be enabled to make Sale for the Payment of his Debts.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo octavo Jacobi Regis.

1. AN ACT for three intire Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

2. An Act for two intire Subsidies granted by the Temporalty.

PRIVATE ACT.

Anno decimo octavo Jacobi Regis.

1. AN Act containing the Censure given in Parliament against Sir Gyles Mompesson, Sir Francis Mitchell, Francis Viscount Saint Albane, Lord Chancellor of England, and Edward Flood.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi Regis.

1. AN Act for the Reviving and making perpetual of one Act made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the erecting of Hospitals, and Abiding and Working-houses for the Poor.

2. An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretence of Concealment whatsoever.

3. An Act concerning Monopolies and Dispensations with Penal Laws, and the Forfeitures thereof.

4. An Act for the Ease of the Subject, concerning Informations upon Penal Statutes.

5. An Act that Sheriffs, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, having a Quietus est, shall be absolutely discharged of their Accounts.

6. An Act concerning Women convicted of small Felonies.

7. An Act for the better Repressing of Drunkenness, and Restraining the inordinate haunting of Inns, Alehouses, and other Victualling-houses.

8. An Act to prevent the Abuses in procuring Process and Supersedeas of the Peace and good Behaviour, out of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and to prevent the Abuses in procuring Writs of Certorai out of the said Courts, for the Removing of Indicitments found before Justices of the Peace in their General Sessions.

9. An Act for the free Trade and Traffick of Welsh Cloths, Cottons, Frizes, Linings and Plains, in and through the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales.

10. An Act of Repeal of one Branch of the Statute made in the Session of Parliament holden by Prorogation at Westminster the 22d Day of January in the 34th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's Majesty's Dominion and Principality of Wales.

11. An Act upon a Judgment given in Chancery for the Revoking and Annuling of certain Letters Patents (granted to Henry Heron, for the sole Privilege of Salting, Drying, and Packing of Fish within the Counties of Devon and Cornwal) confirmed.

12. An Act to enlarge and make perpetual the Act made for Ease in Pleading, against troublesome and contentious Suits prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Constables, and certain other his Majesty's Officers, for the lawful Execution of their Office, made in the Seventh Year of his Majesty's most happy Reign.

13. An Act for the further Reformation of Jeofails.

14. An Act to admit the Subject to plead the General Issue in Informations of Intrusions brought on the Behalf of the King's Majesty, and retain his Possession till Trial.

15. An Act to enable Judges and Justices of the Peace, to give Restitution of Possession in certain Cases.

16. An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding of Suits in Law.

17. An Act against Usury.

18. An Act for Continuance of a former Act made in the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloths, and for some Additions and Alterations in and to the same.

19. An Act for the further Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts, and for inflicting Corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in some Special Cases.

20. An Act to prevent and reform profane Swearing and Cursing.

21. An Act concerning Hostlers and Inn-holders.

22. An Act for the Explanation of the Statutes made in the 3d, 4th, and 5th Years of King Henry the Sixth, concerning the Traders of Butter and Cheese.

23. An Act for avoiding of vexatious Delays, caused by removing Actions and Suits out of Inferior Courts.

24. An Act for the Relief of Creditors against such Persons as die in Execution.

25. An Act for the Relief of Patentees, Tenants and Farmers of Crown-Lands and Duchy Lands, or of Lands within the Survey of the Court of Wards and Liveries, in Cases of Forfeiture for not Payment of their Rents, or other Service or Duty.

26. An Act against such as shall levy any Fine, suffer any Recovery, knowledge any Statute, Recognizance, Bail or Judgment, in the Name of any other Person or Persons not being privy and consenting thereto.

27. An Act to prevent the Destroying and Murthering of Bastard Children.

28. An Act for continuing and reviving of divers Statutes and Repeal of divers others.

29. An Act to enable the most excellent Prince Charles, to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Highness Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

30. An Act for a Messuage, called York-House, and other Tenements belonging to the Archbishop of York, assured to the King's Majesty and his Successors, in Exchange of several Manors, &c. in the County of York given to Toby, Archbishop of York, and his Successors.

31. An Act for Incorporating the Makers of Knives and other Cutlery Wares in Haampshire in the County of York.

32. An Act for making the River of Thames navigable for Barges, Boats and Lighters, from the Village of Bercot, in the County of Oxon, unto the University and City of Oxon.

33. An Act for four intire Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

34. An Act for three intire Subsidies, and three Fifteens and Tenths granted by the Temporalty.

35. A Confirmation of the King's General and Free Pardon.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi Regis.

1. An Act for the Confirmation of Wadham College in Oxford, and the Possessions thereof.

2. An Act for the Naturalizing of Philip Burlemacchi of London, Merchant.

3. An Act for the Naturalizing of Giles Vandeput of London, Merchant.

4. An Act to enable William Earl of Hertford, and Sir Francis Seymour, Knight, Brother of the said Earl, to convey certain Lands for Payment of his Debts, and for establishing of other Lands in Lieu thereof, and of better Value.

5. An Act for the Naturalizing Sir Robert Anstrother, Knight, one of the Gentlemen of his Majesty's Privy-Chamber, Sir George Abercromy, Knight, late Gentleman of the Robes to the late Queen Anne of worthy Memory, and John Cragge, Doctor of Physick, Physician to the High and Mighty Prince Charles, your Majesty's dearest Son.

6. An Act for Confirmation of the Copyhold Estates and Customs of divers Copyholders of the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, according to certain Indentures of Agreement, and a Decree in the High Court of Chancery, made between the Lord of the said Manors and the Copyholders.

7. An Act for Confirmation of the Assurance of certain Lands sold by Sir Thomas Beamond, Knight and Baronet, Lord Viscount Beaumond of Swoords in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, unto Sir Thomas Cheeke, Knight.

8. An Act for Erecting a Free School, an Almshhouse, and an House of Correction within the County of Lincoln.

9. An Act to Enable Martin Calthorpe, Esquire, to make Sale of certain Lands for Preferment of his younger Children, and Payment of his Debts.

10. An Act for the the Settling and Assuring of the Manor of Goodneston, and other Lands of Sir Edward Engham, Knight.

11. An Act for the Naturalizing Of Elizabeth Veere and Mary Veere, Daughters of Sir Horace Veere, Knight.

12. An Act to Enable Dame Alice Dudley Wife of Sir Robert Dudley, Knight, to assure her Estate in the Manor of Killingworth, and other Lands in the County of Warwick, for valuable Consideration, to the Prince's Highness and his Heirs.

13. An Act for Confirmation of an Exchange of Lands between the most Excellent Prince Charles and Sir Lewis Watson, Knight and Baronet.

14. An Act for the Settling of certain Manors and Lands of the Right Honourable Anthony Viscount Montague, towards the Payment of his Debts and raising of his Daughters Portions.

15. An Act to Enable Sir Richard Lumley, Knight, to sell divers Manors and Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his younger Children.

16. An Act for the Confirmation of a Decree in Chancery, made by the Consent of the Lord of the Manor of Painswick in the County of Gloucester and the Customary Tenants of the same Manor.

17. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Francis Stewart, Knight, Walter Stewart, James Maxwell, William Carr, and James Levington, Esquires.

18. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Younge Doctor of Divinity, and Dean of the Cathedral Church of Winchester.

19. An Act to enable and make good a Conveyance and Assurance made of the Manor of Little Munden in the County of Hertford by Sir Peter Vanlore, Knight, Sir Charles Cæsar, Knight, and Dame Anne his Wife, to Edmund Woodhall, Esquire, and his Heirs; and to establish the said Manor upon the said Edmund Woodhall and his Heirs, according to the said Conveyance.

20. An Act for the Naturalizing of Jane Murrey Widow, and William Murrey, Esquire.

21. An Act to enable Vincent Lowe of Derby in the County of Derby, Esquire, to sell Part of his Lands for the Payment of his Debts.

[3 Car. 1. c. 13. pr.]

22. An Act to enable Tobie Pallivicine, Esquire, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of his Debts and Preferment of his younger Children.

23. An Act for Naturalizing of Sir Robert Carre, Knight.

24. An Act for the Confirming and Assuring of the Manor of Newlangport and Sevans alias Sephans with their Appurtenances, and divers other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, late being the Inheritance of Sir Henry James, Knight, in a Praemunire convicted, unto Martin Lumley, now the Mayor of the City of London, Alice Woodrose, Widow, and Edward Cropey. and their Heirs and Assigns forever.

25. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Stephen Leisure, Knight.

26. An Act for the Naturalizing of James Marquis of Hamilton.

27. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir William Anstrother, Knight, Doctor Bellcanquall, and Patrick Abercromy.

28. An Act for the Confirming the Sale of certain Land sold by Sir Edward Heron, Knight, unto Bevell Moulesworth, Esquire, and enabling the said Sir Edward Heron to make Sale of other Lands for Payment of Debts, and settling of certain Manors, Salt Marshes and other Lands upon Robert Heron and Edward Heron, in Recompence of the same.

29. An Act for the Naturalizing of Abigail Little Wife of Jeoffrey Little, and of William Little Son of the said Abigail by the said Jeoffrey Little her Husband.

30. An Act for Establishing of some Manors and other Lands in the several Counties of Cornwall, Devon and Dorsett, on John Mohun, Esquire, Son and Heir apparent of Sir Reynold Mohun, Knight and Baronet, according to the true Intent and Meaning of certain Agreements between them had and made.

31. An Act for the Enabling of the Sale of the Manor of Rampton in the County of Cambridge, and of divers Lands and Tenements in Rampton, Wivellingham and Cottingham in the same County, now or late the Freehold or Inheritance of Edward Alcocke, Esquire.

32. An Act of Explanation of a former Act made in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen of famous Memory Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Assurance of the yearly Rent of eighty two Pounds and ten Shillings to the Bishop of Coventry on Litchfield and his Successors forever, out of certain Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments thereby assured to Edward Fisher, Esquire, and his Heirs.

33. An Act for the Establishing of three Lectures in Divinity, according to the last Will and Testament of Thomas Whetenhall, Esquire.

34. An Act for the Repairing and maintaining of the Haven, River and Channel running unto the Borough and Tovn of Colchester in the County of Essex, and also for the Paving of the said Town.

35. An Act to enable Sir Francis Gierke, Knight, to make Sale of certain Lands Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Payment of his Debts, and providing of Portions for his younger Children.

36. An Act for the altering of the Tenure and Custom of the Lands late of Thomas Potter, Esquire, and the Lands of Sir George Rivers, Knight, and Sir John Rivers, Baronet, lying all in the County of Kent, and being now of the Nature of Gavelkind, and to make them dedcendible according to the Courde of the Common Law, and to settle the Inheritance of them upon the said Sir John Rivers, and the Heirs of the said Sir John Rivers and Dame Dorothy his Wife.

37. An Act to make the Lands of Lionell Earl of Middlesex subject to the Payment of his Debts, &c.

38. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Abbots-Hall in the County of Essex, late Part of the Possessions of Sir James Pointz, Knight, deceased, to the Intent that the Money raised thereby may be distributed among the Creditors of the said Sir James Pointz, according to the Direction and Intention of the said Sir James Pointz by his last Will and Testament.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno primo Caroli Regis.

1. AN Act for punishng divers Abuses committed on the Lord's Day, called Sunday.

2. An Act to enable the King's Majesty to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Highness Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

3. An Act for the Ease in obtaining of Licences of Alienation.

4. An Act for the further Restraint of Tipling in Inns, Alehouses, and other Victualling-houses.

5. An Act for three intire Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

6. An Act for two intire Subsidies granted by the Temporalty.

7. This Session of Parliament (by reason of the Increase of the Sickness, and other Inconveniencies of the Season requiring a speedy Adjournment, nevertheless) shall not determine by his Majesty's Royal Assent to this and some other Acts.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno primo Caroli Regis.

1. AN Act for the Settling and Confirmation of Copyhold Estates and Customs of the Tenants in base Tenure of the Manor of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and of the Manor of Ashley, otherwise called Charleton Kings in the said County, being holden of the said Manor of Cheltenham, according to an Agreement thereof made between the King's most Excellent Majesty, being then Prince of Wales, Duke of Cornwal and of York, and Earl of Chester, Lord of the said Manor of Cheltenham, and Giles Grevill Esquire, Lord of the said Manor of Ashley, and the said Copyholders of the said several Manors.

2. An Act for the Enabling and Confirmation of an Agreement or Composition made between the King's Majesty's Commissioners of Revenue, his Majesty being then Prince of Wales, Duke of Cornwal and Earl of Chester, on his Majesty's Behalf, and his Majesty's Copyholders of his Highness Manor of Macclesfield in the County of Chester, and of a Decree made in the Court of Exchequer at Chester, for the perfect Creation and Confirmation of certain Lands and Tenements, Parcel of the said Manor, to be Copyhold and Customary Lands, acccording to the Tenor of the same Decree.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno tertio Caroli Regis.

The Petition exhibited to his Majesty by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, concerning divers Rights and Liberties of the Subjects.

1. Act for the further Reformation of sundry Abuses committed on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday.

2. An Act to restrain the Passing or Sending of any to be popishly bred beyond the Seas.

3. An Act for the better suppressing of unlicenced Alehouse-keepers.

4. An Act for Repeal and Continuance of divers Statutes.

5. An Act confirming a late Composition made with the Tenants of Bromfield and Yale in the County of Denbigh.

6. An Act for five Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

7. An Act for five Subsidies granted by the Temporally.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno tertio Caroli Regis.

1. AN Act for the Establishing and Confirming of the Foundation of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charterhouse in the County of Middlesex, at the humble Petition and only Costs and Charges of Thomas Sutton, Esquire, and of the Possessions thereof.

2. An Act for Assurance of a Jointure to Dame Frances Wife of Sir Thomas Nevill, Knight, Son and Heir apparent of Sir Henry Nevill, Knight, Lord Abergavenny; and to enable the same Lord and Sir Thomas to sell certain Lands for Payment of their Debts, and Preferment of their younger Children.

3. An Act concerning the Inheritance, Freehold and Possessions of William Earl of Devon.

4. An Act concerning the Title, Name and Dignity of Earl of Arundell, and for the annexing of the Castle, Honour, Manor and Lordship of Arundell in the County of Sussex, with the Titles and Dignities of the Baronies of Fitzallen Clun and Oswaldestre and Matravers, and with divers other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereafter in this Act mentioned, being now Parcel of the Possessions of Thomas Earl of Arundell and Surry Earl Marshall of England, to the same Title, Name and Dignity of Earl of Arundell.

5. An Act for the Enabling of the Right Honourable Dutton Lord Gerard Baron of Gerards Bromley, to make a Jointure to any Wife which he shall hereafter marry, and to make Provision for any his younger Children, and for the better securing of Portions and Limitation of Maintenance for Alice Gerard, Frances Gerard and Elizabeth Gerard, Sisters of the said Dutton Lord Gerard, and Daughters of the late Right Honourable Gilbert Lord Gerard deceased.

6. An Act for the Confirmation of Letters Patents made by our Late Sovereign Lord King James to John Earl of Bristol, by the Name of John Digby, Knight.

7. An Act for Re-estating certain Manors, Lands and Tenements in the County of Somerset, late of William Morgan of Penrose in the County of Monmouth, Esquire, and discharging the Trust concerning the m.

8. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Robert Dyell, Knight, one of the Gentlemen of his Majesty's Privy Chamber, George Kerke, Esquire, one of the Grooms of his Majesty's Bedchamber.

9. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Daniell Deligne of Harlaxton in the County of Lincoln, Knight.

10. An Act for the Naturalizing of Issac Ashley, Henry Ashley, Thomas Astley, and Bernard Astley, Children and Sons of Sir Jacob Astley, Knight, one of the younger Sons of Isaac Astley, late of Melton Constable in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, deceased.

11. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Robert Ayton, Knight.

12. An Act for the Naturalizing of Samuel Powell born at Honborough in the Parts beyond the Seas of English Parents.

13. An Act for the Amendment of a Word casually mistaken and miswritten in an Act of Parliament made in the Session of Parliament holden at Westminster the nineteenth Day of February in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King James of England, intituled, An Act to enable Vincent Lowe of Denbigh in the County of Derby, Esquire, to sell Part of his Lands for Payment of his Debts, cap. 21.

14. An Act for the Naturalizing of Alexander Levingston, Gentleman.

15. An Act for the Naturalizing of James Freese born in Russia.

16. An Act for Restitution in Blood of Carew Raleigh, Son of Sir Walter Raleigh late attainted of High Treason; and for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents made by our late Sovereign Lord King James to John Earl of Bristol, by the Name of John Digby, Knight.

17. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Aldersey, Mary Aldersey, now the Wife of Robert Crane, Anne Aldersey, Elizabeth Aldersey and Magaret Aldersey, Children of Samuel Aldersey of the City of London, Esquire.

18. An Act for the perfect Settling and Confirmation of the Estates and Customs of the Customary Tenants of the Right Honourable Henry now Lord Mirley and Lord Mountegle, Baron of Rye, within the Manor of Horneby and elsewhere within the Townships of Tatham, Gressingham and Eskrigg in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

19. An Act for the Naturalizing of John Trumball and Ann Trumball, Children of William Trumball, Esquire, and of William Bere, Edward Bere and Sidney Bere, Sons of John Bere, Esquire, and of Samuel Wentworth Son of William Wentworth of Dover, Merchant.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli Regis.

1. AN Act for the preventing of inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliament.

2. An Act for Relief of his Majesty's Army, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom.

3. An Act for the Reforming of some Things mistaken in the late Act made this present Parliament, for the granting of four Subsidies, intituled, An Act for the Relief of his Majesty's Army.

4. An Act for the further Relief of his Majesty's Army, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom.

5. An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners, Sailors, and others, for the present Guarding of the Seas, and necessary Defence of the Realm.

6. An Act concerning the Limitation and Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

7. An Act to prevent Inconveniencies by the untimely Adjournment of Parliaments.

8. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage, Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

9. An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding the Armies, and settling the Peace of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

10. An Act for the Regulating of the Privy Council, and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star~Chamber.

11. A Repeal of the Branch of a Statute primo Elizabethae concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical.

12. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported.

13. An Act for the securing such Monies as are or shall be due to the Inhabitants of the County of York, and the other adjoining Counties, wherein his Majesty's Army is or hath been billeted.

14. An Act for the declaring unlawful and void the late Proceedings touching Ship-Money, and for the vacating all Records and Process concerning the same.

15. An Act against divers Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannary Courts.

16. An Act for the Certainty of Forests, and of the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds of the Forests.

17. An Act for the Pacification between England and Scotland.

18. An Act for securing by publick Faith, the Remainder of the Friendly Assurance and Relief promised to our Brethren of Scotland.

19. An Act for the better ordering and regulating of the Office of Clerk of the Market, allowed and confirmed by this Statute, and for the Reformation of false Weights and Measures.

20. An Act for the Prevention of vexatious Proceedings touching the Order of Knighthood.

21. An Act for the free bringing in of Gunpowder and Saltpetre from Foreign Parts, and for the free making of Gunpowder in this Realm.

22. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

23. An Act for the raising of Mariners and Sailors for the Guarding of the Seas and his Majesty's Dominions.

24. An Act to relieve Captives taken by the Turks, and to prevent the taking of others hereafter.

25. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, &c. from the last of November 1641. to the first of Feb. next, and the like until the 2 of July 1642.

26. An Act for the raising of Mariners and Sailors for the Guarding the Seas and his Majesty's Kingdoms.

27. An Act for the disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporal Jurisdiction or Authority.

28. An Act for the raising of Soldiers for the Defence of England and Ireland.

29. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

30. An Act for a Contribution and Loan, for the disstressed People of Ireland.

31. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

32. An Act for the raising and levying of Monies for the necessary Defence, and great Affairs of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, and for the Payment of Debts undertaken by Parliament.

33. An Act for the reducing the Rebels in Ireland to their Obedience to his Majesty and the Crown of England.

34. An Act for the Explanation of a former Act for the Reducing the Rebels in Ireland.

35. An Act to enable Corporations to adventure in Ireland.

36. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage, Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

37. An Act for the further Reducing of the Rebels in Ireland to their Obedience to the King and Crown of England.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli Regis.

1. AN Act for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Strafford of High Treason.

2. An Act to enable the Marquis of Winchester to grant Estates for three Lives or one and twenty Years, &c. of Lands in the County of Southampton, &c. reserving the old Rents.

3. An Act for Naturalizing of Dorothy Spencer, Daughter of Henry Lord Spencer Baron Spencer of Wormleighton.

4. An Act for the Enabling of the Sale and Leasing of Lands for Payment of the Debts of Thomas late Earl of Winchelsea.

5. An Act for the Settling and Estating upon the Right Honourable the Lady Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Exeter, her Heirs and Assigns forever, the Scite of the Hospital of Saint Leonards without the Town of Newarke upon Trent in the County of Nottingham, with the Dwelling-house and other Buildings thereupon built, and of certain Closes and Grounds Parcel of the Possessions of the said Hospital, and for the annexing of divers Lands and Tenements of better Value, being the Inheritance of the said Countess, unto the Possessions of the said Hospital forever, in Lieu of the same.

6. An Act for the making of the Chapel of Hoole in the County of Lancaster a Parish Church, and no Part of the Parish of Crofton.

7. An Act for John Eggar's Free School within the Parish of Aiton in the County of Southampton.

8. An Act for the Settling of certain Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments on Katherine Countess Dowager of Bedford, William now Earl of Bedford, John Russell and Edward Russell, Esquires, Sons of Francis Earl of Bedford deceased.

9. An Act for the Confirmation of his Majesty's Letters Patents to the Town of Plymouth, and for dividing the Paish, and building of a new Church there.

10. An Act for the Alteration of the Estate and Tenure of some Lands within the Parish of Fulham in the County of Middlesex, held of the Lord Bishop of London as of his Manor of Fulham.

11. An Act to settle the Manor of Belgrave and other Lands in the County of Leicester to and upon William Byerley, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, for and towards Payment of the Debts of William Davenport, Esquire, deceased.

12. An Act to enable Sir Alexander Denton, Knight, to sell the Manor of Great Barvard alias Barford Saint Michael, and other Lands in this present Act mentioned, for the Payment of his Debts and Preferment of his younger Children.

13. An Act for the Assuring of a Messuage called Duresme House alias Durham House, and certain Stables, Part of the Possessions of the Bishop of Durham, situate in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex unto the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Pembrocke and Mountgomerie and his Heirs, and of a yearly Rent of two hundred Pounds per Annum to the said Bishop of Durham and his Successors in Lieu thereof.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. Regis.

1. AN Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament.

2. An Act for putting in Execution an Ordinance mentioned in the said Act.

3. An Act for the Continuance of Process and judicial Proceedings continued.

4. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

5. An Act for continuing the Excise until the twentieth of August 1660.

6. An Act for the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers, and the said Statute of Henry the Eighth to continue in Force.

7. An Act for restoring unto James Marquis of Ormond all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the 23d Day of October 1641. or at any Time since.

8. An Act for continuing the Excise till the 25th Day of December 1660.

9. An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea.

10. Explanations of certain Defaults in an Act, intituled, An Act for the Speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding an Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

11. An Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion.

12. An Act for Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings.

13. An Act for the restraining the taking of excessive Usury.

14. An Act for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving of the nine and twentieth Day of May.

15. An Act for the speedy Disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom, with Instructions for the same.

16. An Act for enabling the Soldiers of the Army, now to be disbanded, to exercise Trades.

17. An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers.

18. An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation.

19. An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies.

20. An Act for the raising of sevenscore thousand Pounds, for the compleat Disbanding of the whole Army, and paying Part of the Navy.

21. An Act for the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

22. An Act for the Regulating of the Trade of Bay-making in the Dutch Bay-hall in Colchester.

23. A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life.

24. An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof.

25. An Act for the better ordering the selling of Wines by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling, Corrupting and Vitiating of Wines, and for settling and limiting the Prices of the same.

26. An Act for the levying of the Arrears of the twelve Months Assessment, commencing the 24th of June 1659. and the six Months Assessment, commencing the 25th of December 1659.

27. An Act for granting unto the King's Majesty four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by an Assessment of threescore and ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for six Months, for Disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy.

28. An Act for further supplying and explaining certain defects in an Act, intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

29. An Act for the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

30. An Act for the Attainder of several Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First.

31. Leases and Grants from Colleges and Hospitals confirmed.

32. An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Woolsels, Fullers Earth, or any kind of Scouring Earth.

33. An Act for Confirmation of Marriages.

34. An Act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting or Sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland.

35. An Act erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

36. The Master of the Rolls for the Time being, impowered to make Leases for Years, in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls.

37. An Act for making the Precinct of Covent-Garden Parochial.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II Regis.

1. An act for naturalizing Peter de la Pierre alias Peters, and John de la Pierre alias Peters.

2. An Act for the necessary Maintenance of the Work of Draining the Great Level of the Fenns.

3. An act for restoring unto Morough alias Morgan Earl of Inchiquin all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred forty-one, or at any Time since.

4. An Act for restoring unto William Marquess of Newcastle all his Honours, Manors, lands and Tenements in England, whereof he was in possession on the twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, or at any Time lmce.

5. An Act for the Settling of the Priory of Walton and other Lands belonging to the Earl of Winchelsey in the County of York, in the Hands of Trustees for the Payment of Debts.

6. An Act for Restoring of Sir George Lane, Knight, to the Possession of the Manors of Rathclive and Lisduff, and other Lands in Ireland.

7. An Act for Restoring to Charles Lord Gerrard Baron of Brandon, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof he was in Possession on the twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, or at any Time sithence.

8. An Act for Restoring of John Lord Culpeper, Son and Heir and sole Executor to Thomas Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorsway, and Master of the Rolls deceased, all the Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements, Leases not determined and Hereditaments whatsoever, whereof the said John Lord Culpeper was in Possession on the twentieth day of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, or at any Time after, which have not been since sold or aliened by the said John late Lord Culpeper by Acts or Assurances to which himself was Party and Consenting.

9. An Act for Restoring of the Marquess of Hertford to the Dukedom of Somerset.

10. An Act for Enabling Augustine Skinner and William Skinner to make Sale of some Lands for Payment of Debts.

11. An Act for the Incorporating of the Master and wardens of the Company of Haberdashers, London, to be Governors of the Free School and Alms houses in Newport in the County of Salop, of the Foundation of William Adams, and for settling of Lands and possessions on them for Maintenance thereof, and other charitable Uses.

12. An Act for the Naturalising of Dorothea Helena countess of Derby, Wife of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Derby, and Emilia called Countess of Ossory, Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas Butler called Earl of Ossory, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honourable James Marquess of Ormond and Earl of Brecknocke, and Margaret Lady Culpeper, Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorsway, and the Right Honourable Charles Kirkhoven Lord Wotton, and Dame Emilia his Sister, Children of Katherine Stanhop Countess of Chesterfield by John Kirkhoven Lord of Hentflett.

13. An Act for Enabling Sir George Booth, Baronet, to make Leases and Sales of Part of his Estate.

14. An Act for Restoring of Henry Lord Arundell of Warder to the Possession of his Estate.

15. An Act for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Arundell, Surrey and Norfolk, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolk.

16. An Act to Restore to Wentworth Earl of Roscomon of the Kingdom of Ireland all the Honours, Castles, Lordships, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Ireland, whereof James Earl of Roscomon his Great Grandfather, Robert Earl of Roscomon his Grandfather, or James late Earl of Roscomon his Father, were in Possession on the three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred forty-one.

17. An Act for Enabling of John Newton the Younger, and William Oakely, to make Sale of Lands for Payment of Debts and Raising Portions.

18. An Act for Restoring Sir George Hamilton unto his Lands and Estate in Ireland.

19. An Act for Maintenance of the Vicar for the Time being of the Vicaridge of Royston in the County of Hertford and Cambridge, and of his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicaridge.

20. An Act for Enabling Sir William Wray to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts and Raising of Portions for his younger Children.

21. An Act for Naturalising of Gerrard Vantethusen, Daniel Demetrius, Theodore Cocke, John Cravenburgh, and others.

22. An Act for the Levying of certain Monies due upon the Collection for the protestants of Piedmont.

23. An Act for the Naturalising of John Boreel, Esquire, Eldest Son of Sir William Boreel Knight and Baronet.

24. An Act for the Naturalising of Abraham Watchter born beyond the Seas.

25. An Act for Restoring of Sir Thomas Crimes, Baronet, to his Estate.

26. An Act Enabling George Fount of Faston in the County of Leicester, Esquire, to sell and convey Part of his Lands for Payment of several Debts and Legacies charged upon his Estate by Sir William Fount, Knight, deceased, and for the Raising of Portions for his younger Children, and making his Wife a Jointure.

27. An act for Naturalising of Frances Hyde, and others.

28. An Act to enable Joseph Micklethwaite an Infant, and his Trustees, to sell Land for Payment of his father's Debts.

29. An Act for Raising Portions and making Provision for Maintenance for the younger Children of Sir Edward Gestwicke, Baronet.

30. An Act for Confirming the Sale of the Manor of Hitcham, sold to Charles Doe by Sir John Clarke, Knight and Baronet, and for settling and disposing other the Lands of the said Sir John Clarke and Dame Philadelphia his Wife.

31. An Act for the Settling of same of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Clieveland in Trustees, to be sold for the Satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son.

32. An Act for the Disappropriating of the Rectory Appropriate of Preston, and Uniting and Consolidating of the said Rectory, and of the Vicaridge of the Church of Preston, and for the Alluring of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of the same unto the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Emanuell College in Cambridge, and their successors.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo tertio Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Person and Government, against treasonable and seditious Practises and Attempts.

2. An Act for Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disabling all Persons in Holy Orders, to exercise any Temporal Jurisdiction or Authority.

3. An Act for the Declaring, Vesting and Settling of all such Moneys, Goods, and other Things in his Majesty, which were received, levied or collected in these late Times, and are remaining in the Hands or Possession of any Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, or others, not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion.

4. An Act for a Free and Voluntary Present to his Majesty.

5. An Act against Tumults and Disorders, upon Pretence of preparing or presenting Public Petitions, or other Addresses to his Majesty, or the Parliament.

6. An Act declaring the sole Right of the Militia to be in the King and for the present Ordering and Disposing the same.

7. An Act for Confirming Public Acts.

8. An Act for providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals.

9. An Act for the Establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea.

10. An Act to prevent the unlawful Coursing, Hurting or Killing of Deer.

11. An Act for Confirming of three Acts therein mentioned.

12. An Act for Explanation of a Clause contained in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the late King Charles, intituled, An Act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute Primo Elizabethae, concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical.

13. An Act for vesting the Arrears of the Excise and New Import in his Majesty.

14. An Act for Confirming an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and several other Acts, both Public and Private mentioned therein.

15. An Act declaring the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed upon the estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders, excepted out of the Act of Free and general Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo tertio Caroli II Regis.

1. An Act for Ascertaining and Establishing the Fees of the Masters of the Chancery in Ordinary.

2. An Act for Confirming a Sale made by Sir Thomas Prestwich and others, of the Manor of Holm, and certain Lands in the Parish of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, unto Sir Edward Mosley, Baronet.

3. An Act for Restoring of Thomas Radcliffe, Esquire, to all his Lands and Possessions in England and Ireland.

4. An Act Enabling John Harbin, Esquire, to settle, sell and dispose of several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments with the Appurtenances in the County of Somerset and Dorset therein mentioned, for Payment of his Debts, and to make Provision for his younger Children.

5. An Act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Thomas Hunt, Esquire, and John Hunt, Gentleman, for Payment of their Debts.

6. An Act for Settling the Manors of Knoll, Seal, and Kempsing in the County of Kent, upon the Earl of Dorset and his Heirs, and charging the Manor of Bexhill, and the Manor or Farm of Cowding, and other Lands in the County of Sussex, with a Rent charge of one hundred and thirty Pounds per Annum in lieu thereof.

7. An Act for Confirmation of the Charter and Privileges of the Master, Wardens and Commonalty of Weavers, Fullers and Clothiers in the City of Worcester.

8. An Act for Settling several Lands late of Sir Edward Baesh, Knight, upon Sir Ralph Baesh, Knight of the Bath, Heir of the said Sir Edward, and his Heirs.

9. An Act for Confirmation and Explanation of An Act for the Settling of some of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Cleaveland in Trustees, to be sold for the Satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son.

10. An Act for the Uniting the Parsonages of Saint Andrews and Saint Mary Witton in Droitwich in the County of Worcester.

11. An Act to enable John Lord Abergavenny, Son and Heir of Henry late Lord Abergavenny, to sell certain Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brother and Sisters.

12. An Act for the Naturalising of Francis Brudenell Esquire, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Brudenell, and of the Right Honourable Anna Maria Countess of Shrewsbury, Daughter of the said Lord Brudenell, and now Wife of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Shrewsbury.

13. An Act for the Reviving a Settlement of certain Lands on John Orlibeare for Life, the Remainder to the Sons of the said John successively and the Heirs Males of their Bodies, &c.

14. An Act for Confirming and Continuing an Act for necessary Maintenance of the Work of Draining the Great Level of the Fens.

15. An Act for Confirming of an Inclosure of Land, formerly used for a Common Highway from Parsons Greene to Southfield in Fulham, and the Settling of other Land for a Common Highway there in lieu thereof.

16. An Act enabling Trustees to sell certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, for the Payment of the Debts of Richard Gipps, Esquire, and providing portions for his younger Children.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo tertio Caroli II Regis. Stat. 2.

1. AN Act for the Well governing and Regulating of Corporations.

2. An Act for Prevention of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests, and of Delays in Suits of Law.

3. An Act for granting unto the King's Majesty Twelve hundred and threescore thousand Pounds, to be assessed and levied by an Assessment of Threescore and ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for eighteen Months.

4. An Act to enable the King's Majesty to make Leases, Grants and Copies of Offices, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases or Grants already made.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo tertio Caroli II Regis. Stat. 2.

1. AN Act for Confirming An Act for Restoring of the Marquess of Hertford in the Dukedom of Somerset.

2. An Act for dividing Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull from Hasle.

3. An Act to enable Algeron Peyton Doctor of Divinity, to make Sale of Part of his Lands for Payment of Debts, &c.

4. An Act for Confirming An Act for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Arundell, Surrey and Norfolk, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolk.

5. AN Act for Confirming of private Acts.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refusing to take lawful Oaths.

2. An Act for Repairing the Highways and Sewers, and for paving and keeping clean of the Streets in and about the city of London and Westminster, and for Reforming of Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets of, and Places adjacent to, the said Cities; and for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney Coaches, and for the enlarging of several strait and inconvenient Streets and Passages.

3. An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

4. An Act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers and administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of Making, Ordaining and Consecrating Bishops, Priests and Deacons in the Church of England.

5. An Act for Regulating the making of Stuffs in Norfolk and Norwich.

6. An Act for Inlarging and Repairing of common Highways.

7. An Act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and raw Hides out of the Realm of England.

8. An Act for Distribution of Threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truly Loyal and Indigent Commission Officers, and for assessing of Offices, and distributing the Monies thereby raised for their further Supply.

9. An Act for the Relief of poor and maimed Officers and Soldiers, who have faithfully served his Majesty and his Royal Father in the late Wars.

10. An Act for establishing an additional Revenue upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of his and their Crown and Dignity.

11. An Act for preventing Frauds, and Regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs.

12. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

13. An Act prohibiting the Importation of Foreign bone lace, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band strings, Buttons and needlework.

14. An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize Goods.

15. An Act for Regulating the Trade of silk throwing.

16. An Act for the more speedy and effectual bringing those Persons to Account, whose Accounts are excepted in the Act of Oblivion.

17. An Act for the Relief of collectors of Public Moneys, and their Assistants and Deputies.

18. An Act against exporting of sheep, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool flocks, Fullers earth, Fulling clay, and tobacco pipe Clay.

19. An Act against Importing of Foreign Wool cards, card wire, or iron wire.

20. An Act for providing Carriage by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance.

21. An Act for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accounts.

22. An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

23. An additional Act concerning Matters of Assurance used amongst Merchants.

24. An Act Declaratory concerning Bankrupts.

25. An Act for the Restoring of all such Advowsons, Rectories, Impropriate Glebe lands and Tithes to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them, and making void certain Charges imposed on them upon their Compositions for Delinquency, by the late usurped Powers.

26. An Act for reforming abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of Butter.

27. An Act for repairing of Dover Harbour.

28. An Act for Regulation of the Pilchard fishing in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

29. An Act for Reversing the Earl of Strafford his Attainder.

30. An Act for the Importing of Madder pure and unmixed.

31. An Act to prevent the Inconvenience arising by melting the Silver Coin of this Realm.

32. An Act for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloth, within the West riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in Printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicenced Books and Pamphlets, and for Regulating of Printing and Printing presses.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II Regis.

1. An Act for the Settling of the Estate of James late Duke of Richmond and Lenos, according to Agreement of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenos, Mary Duchess Dower of Richmond and Lenos, and the Lady Mary her Daughter, and the Trustees of the said Lady Duchess.

2. An Act for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents made and to be made to the Right Noble Lord George Duke of Albermarle, of several Honours, Manors and Hereditaments granted or mentioned to be granted to him by his Majesty.

3. An Act for Confirming the Estate of John Marquess of Winchester in certain Manors and Lands whereof the Deeds and Evidences were burnt and lost at the taking of the Castle of Basing.

4. An Act to confirm the Sale of certain Lands sold by Ferdinando late Earl of Huntingdon, for the Payment of his own and his Father's Debts.

5. An Act for Settling a Capital messuage or Mansion house with the Appurtenances in Kensington in the County of Middlesex, upon Baptist Viscount Campden and his Heirs.

6. An Act for Confirming An act Restoring to Thomas Lord Culpeper, Son and Heir and sole Executor of John Lord Culpeper, Baron of Thorsway and Master of the Rolls deceased, all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements, Leases not determined and Hereditaments whatsoever, whereof the said John Lord Culpeper was in Possession on the twentieth of May 1642, or at any Time after, which have not been since sold or aliened by the said John late Lord Culpeper by arts or Assurances to which himself was Party and Consenting.

7. An Act to enable the Bishop of London to lease out the Tenements new built upon the Scite of his Palace in London.

8. An Act for the Naturalising of Philadelphia, Wife to the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wentworth.

9. An Act for Confirming several Acts therein mentioned.

10. An Act for Confirming two Acts therein mentioned.

11. An Act for the Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the Realm of Ireland.

12. An Act for the disuniting the Hundreds of Dudson and Kings Barton from the County of the City of Gloucester, and Restoring them to be Part of the County of Gloucester.

13. An Act for the making Navigable of the Rivers of Stowerr and Salwerp, and the Rivulets and Brooks running into the same, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

14. An Act for the making Navigable of the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, and the Rivers and Brooks running into the same, in the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, and Monmouth.

15. An Act for settling certain Manors and Lands late of Sir James Enyons, Baronet, on Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton, Baronet, and Sir Charles Aderley, Knight, his surviving Trustees, to sell for Payment of his Debts.

16. An Act for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers made by the commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholm in the County of Lincoln.

17. An Act for Confirming a Decree made on the Behalf of Thomas Derham, Esquire, and the Improvements, Exchanges and Allotments therein mentioned.

18. An Act for the Enabling Sir Thomas Lee, Baronet, to exchange some Lands, settled upon the Marriage of Dame Anne Lee his now Wife, in Consideration of another Settlement of Lands of equal Value in Lieu thereof.

19. An Act for Discharging the Manors of Stodscomb and Holwell, and other Lands in the County of Devon, from the Trust of one hundred and fifty Years made unto John Earl of Exeter, John Earl of Bridgwater, and Oliver Earl of Bolingbroke.

20. An act for supplying a supposed defect of the words stand and be seized, in a deed for settling of divers manors and lands on Sir Henry Frederick Thynne.

21. An act for confirming the copy-hold estates of divers of his Majesty's copyhold tenants within the honour of Clitherow in the county palatine of Lancaster, parcel of the duchy of Lancaster, according unto several decrees in the court of duchy chamber of the said county palatine.

22. An Act for Confirmation, of the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders of the Manors of Rannes, Irchester, Rushden, and several other Manors, Parcels of the Duchy of Lancaster.

23. An Act for Confirming, Explaining and Enlarging an Act, intituled, An Act for the Levying of certain Monies due upon the Collection for the Protestants of Piedmont.

24. An Act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward, Esquire, for Payment of some of his Debts.

25. An Act vesting certain Lands in Bleasby in Sir John Mounson the younger, Robert Thorold, Esquire, and Anthony Eyre the Elder, Esquire, and their Heirs, to sell for Payment of the Debts of Sir Robert Dallison and William Dallison.

26. An Act to enable the Trustees of Henry Nevill, Esquire, to sell certain Manors, Lands and Tenements in the Counties of York and Leicester, for Payment of his and his Son William Nevill's Debts, and likewise to confirm and strengthen the Sale of such Lands as they have already sold in the County of York.

27. An Act for the making void certain Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powel, Knight and Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife.

28. An Act for Sale of Sir Robert Slingsby, deceased, his Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

29. An Act to enable Sir Anthony Brown to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

30. An Act to enable Anthony Etrick to sell lands for Payment of his Debts.

31. An Act for the Naturalising of Anna Ferrers and several other Persons named therein.

32. An Act for the Naturalisation of Mark Le Pla, and others.

33. An act for the repairing of Bengworth bridge in the county of Worcester.

34. An Act to enable Rowland Okeover, Esquire, to sell certain Lands in the County of Derby.

35. An act to enable Mrs. Clemence Rivers and Mrs. Rose Rivers, to sell certain lands and houses for payment of the debts of Edward Rivers, esquire, deceased, and provision for his younger children.

36. An Act enacting Thomas Peck, Esquire, to sell a Manor and some Lands in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Uses.

37. An Act for Confirmation of Agreements made between Thomas Bushell, esquire and the Miners of Rowpitts in Somersetshire, for Recovering their drowned and deserted Works.

38. An Act for the Settling certain Lands belonging unto Francis Tindal, Gentleman, upon Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts.

39. An Act for Confirmation of three acts therein mentioned.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. Regis.

1. AN Act for repairing the highways within the counties of Hertford, Cambridge and Huntingdon.

2. An Act for the Punishment of unlawful cutting or stealing, or spoiling of Wood and Under-wood, and destroyers of young Timber trees.

3. An Act to explain and supply a former Act for distribution of Threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission officers, and for assessing of Offices, and distributing the Monies thereby raised, for their further Supply.

4. An Additional Act for the better Ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

5. An Act for the Regulating Select Vestries.

6. An Act for Relief of such Persons, as by Sickness or other Impediment were disabled from Subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity, and Explanation of Part of the said Act.

7. An Act for the Encouragement of Trade.

8. An Act to prevent the selling of live fat Cattle by Butchers.

9. An Act for granting Four entire Subsidies to his Majesty by the Temporalty.

10. An Act for Confirming of Four Subsidies granted by the Clergy.

11. An Additional Act for the better Ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise, and preventing the Abuses, therein.

12. An Explanatory Act for Recovery of the Arrears of Excise.

13. An Additional Act for the better Ordering and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth money.

14. An Act for settling the Profits of the Post office, and Power of granting Wine licences, on his Royal highness the Duke of York and the Heirs Males of his Body.

15. An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of making Linen Cloth and Tapistry.

16. An Act for Regulating the Herring and other Fisheries, and for Repeal of the Act concerning Madder.

17. An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II Regis.

1. An Act for the Settling of the Lands of the Earl of Kent and the Lord Lucas, on the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and Heir apparent of the Lord Lucas.

2. An Act for the Settling of a Free School in Witnessin the County of Oxon, being Erected and Endowed by Henry Box, Citizen and Grocer of London deceased.

3. An Act to enable the Bishop of Winchester to lease out the Tenements now built upon the Site of his Mansion House in the Parish of Saint Saviours in Southwark in the County of Surrey, and the two Parks and other Demesnes at Bishops Waltham, and other Lands in the County of Southampton.

4. An Act for Repairing and better preserving the Key of the Port of Wells in the County of Norfolk.

5. An Act for the Governing of the Hospital of Saint Oswalds in the County of Worcester.

6. An Act to enable Sir Francis Boynton, Baronet, and Richard Robinson, Esquire, to sell certain Lands of John Robinson, Esquire, for Payment of Debts, and leasing of other Lands for making Provision for his younger Children.

7. An Act for making void certain Conveyances made by Carill Lord Mollineux in the late Times.

8. An Act to confirm a Deed made by Charles Pitcarne, Esquire.

9. An Act for the Naturalisation of Dame Elizabeth Jacob, and others.

10. An Act for the Naturalising of George Willoughby, and others.

11. An Act for Confirming An Act for Naturalising of Peter De La Pierre alias Peters and John De La Pierre alias Peters.

12. An Act to enable Edward Marquess of Worcester to receive the Benefit and Profit of a Water Commanding Engine by him invented, one tenth Part whereof is appropriated for the Benefit of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

13. An Act for settling an Annuity of three hundred Pounds per Annum upon Charles Earl of Portland, and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitlocke, Bulstrode Whitlocke, and Carleton Whitlocke, Infants, and for Confirming of Agreements made to compose Suits in Law against them.

14. An Act for settling the charitable Gift of John Guest.

15. An Act to enable Sir John Packington and his Trustees, to sell or otherwise dispose of certain Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children.

16. An Act to enable Edward Chalomer, Esquire, to make Provision for Anne his Wife, and his younger Children.

17. An Act for the Naturalising of Charlotte Hessen Killigrew, and others.

18. An Act to empower Sir John Drake, and others, to make Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Portion of Ellen Briscoe, Widow.

19. An Act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Richard Senior and Anthony Senior deceased, for Payment of some of their Debts.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli II Regis.

1. An Act for the Assembling and Holding of Parliaments once in three Years at the least; and for the Repeal of an Act intituled, An Act for the preventing of Inconveniences happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments.

2. An Act for preventing of Abatement of Writs of Error upon Judgments in the Exchequer.

3. An Act for collecting the Duty arising by Hearth-Money, by Officers to be appointed by his Majesty.

4. An Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles.

5. An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal.

6. An Act to prevent the delivering up of Merchants Ships.

7. An Act against deceitful, disorderly, and excessive Gaming.

8. An Act for Continuance of a former Act for Regulating the Press.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli II Regis.

1. An Act for vacating certain Conveyances made by Sir John Packington, Baronet, to Christopher Henn, and others.

2. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Ingoldesby, and diverse Lands in Ingoldesby in the County of Lincoln, for raising Portions for the two Daughters and Coheirs of Sir William Armin the younger, Baronet, deceased.

3. An Act for the Sale of certain Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir Sackvile Glemham.

4. An Act to enable Trustees for Sir William Keite to sell Lands for the Payment of Debts.

5. An Act for Confirmation of the Enclosure and Improvement of Malverne Chase.

6. An Act for settling the charitable Gift of Abraham Colfe Clerke, for Erecting and Endowing two Free Schools and an Almshouse at Lewisham in Kent.

7. An Act for Naturalising of Dame Katherine Sayer, and others.

8. An Act to enable Francis Cottington or Charles Cottington, to settle and dispose of Lands in Jointure for any Wife or Wives they shall take in Marriage.

9. An Act to enable Charles Cotton, Esquire, to make leases of Lands, for Payment of Debts.

10. An Act for the making of the Church erected at Falmouth a Parish Church, and no Part of the Parish of Gluvias or Chappellry of Saint Budocke.

[22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 12.]

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo sexto & septimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for granting a Royal Aid unto the King's Majesty, of twenty-four hundred threescore and seventeen thousand and five hundred Pounds, to be raised, levied and paid in the Space of three Years.

2. An Act for Regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

3. An Act for the Returning of able and sufficient Jurors.

4. An Additional Act for the better Ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise.

5. An Act to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments and Recognizances.

6. An Act for Repealing of Part of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize goods.

7. An Act for Continuance of a former act for Regulating the Press.

8. An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgement, and superseding Executions.

9. An Act to empower the Chancellor of the Duchy to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits within the Duchy liberties.

10. An Act for Continuance of a former Act for Repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford.

11. An Act for Draining of the Fen, called Deeping Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned.

12. An Act for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo sexto & septimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to enable Sir Edward Hungerford, Knight of the Bath, to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon.

2. An Act for the Enabling of Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the Elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel Sandys, for Payment of Debts.

3. An Act for Confirming a Deed of Settlement between the Earl of Thanet and his younger Brothers.

4. An Act to enable the Bishop of Winchester to convey one hundred Acres of Land, lying in the great disparked Park of Bishops Waltham in the Parish of Bishops Waltham in the County of Southampton, upon the Rector of the said Parish Church of Bishops Waltham and his successors, in lieu of all Tithes and Payments for Tithes due to the said Rector and his Successors for Waltham Parks.

5. An Act to enable the Lord Henry Powlett, George Withers, and John Mempesson, to sell the Manor of Abbotts Anne in the County of Southampton.

6. An Act to enable Henry Lord Lougborough to make the River and Sewer Navigable from or near Bristowe Causy in the County of Surrey, into the River of Thames.

7. An Act to enable Trustees for the Lord Strangford to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

8. An Act for Restoring of Sir Charles Stanley in Blood.

9. An Act for the Settling of several Manors, Lands and Tenements of Sir Jacob Astley, lying in the Counties of Norfolk and Warwick.

to. An Act for settling the Estate of Sir Robert Carr, Baronet.

11. An Act for making the River of Medway Navigable in the Counties of Kent and Sussex.

12. An Act for making diverse Rivers Navigable, or otherwise passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

13. An Act for settling of Differences between the Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth, touching the Lading and Unlading of Herrings, and other Merchandises and Commodities.

14. An Act for the Naturalising Dederic alias Richard Comes, and others.

15. An Act for Confirming of an Act, intituled An act to Enable Joseph Micklethwaite an Infant and his Trustees to sell Land for Payment of his father's Debts.

16. An Act for the Enabling of Thomas Juckes of Treliddan in the County of Mountgomery, Esquire, to sell Lands for the payment of his Debts, and raising of younger Childrens Portions.

17. An Act to enable Francis Lee, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, and to make Provision for his Children.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo septimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for granting the Sum of twelve hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to the King's Majesty for his present further Supply.

2. An Act for restraining Nonconformists from inhabiting in Corporations.

3. An Act for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate.

4. An Act for Continuance of a former Act for Regulating the Press.

5. An Act for attainting Thomas Daleman, Joseph Bampfield, and Thomas Scot, of High Treason, if they render not themselves by a Day.

6. An Act for taking away of Damage Cleer.

7. An Act for a more speedy and effectual Proceeding up on Distresses and Avowries for Rents.

8. An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays.

9. An Act for granting one Month's Assessment to his Majesty.

PRIVATE ACT.

Anno decimo septimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for the Naturalisation of Lewis Blanquefort, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo octavo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for raising Monies by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of the present War.

2. An Act against Importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners.

3. An Act to continue a former Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

4. An Act for Burying in Woollen only.

5. An Act for encouraging of Coinage.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo octavo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to enlarge the Time given by a former Act, for Redemption of Mortgages made by the Earl of Cleaveland.

2. An Act for the Naturalising of Isabella of Nassaw, Wife of the Right Honourable the Lord Arlington, one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

3. An Act for Supply of Part of the Jointure of the Lady Elizabeth Noell.

4. An Act for settling the Estate of John Bodnell, Esquire, deceased.

5. An Additional Act for Enabling the Sale of Lands, to pay the Lord Strangford's Debts.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno decimo nono Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act Explanatory of the Act for raising Monies by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of this present War.

2. An Act for erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences touching Houses burned or demolished by Reason of the late Fire which happened in London.

3. An Act for Rebuilding the City of London.

4. An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, and setting of them on Work.

5. An act extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries, to the Principality of Wales, and the County Palatines.

6. An act for Redress of Inconveniences by want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas, or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates do depend.

7. An Act to prevent Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal.

8. An Act for granting the Sum of twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings, to the King's Majesty, for the Maintenance of the present War.

9. An Act for taking the Accounts of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned.

10. An Act for Banishing and Disenabling the Earl of Clarendon.

11. An Act to make Prize ships free for Trade.

12. An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation.

13. An Act for settling Freedom and Intercourse of Trade between England and Scotland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno decimo nono Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for Naturalising of Hesther Le Lou, the daughter and Coheir of Gidson Le Lou, Lord of Coliumbers in Normandy, the now Wife of the Right Honourable Denzill, Lord Hollis of Ifield.

2. An Act for Confirming, Explaining and Enlarging an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Lord Abergavenny, Son and Heir of Henry late Lord Abergavenny, to sell certain Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brother and Sisters.

[13 Car. 2. stat. 1. c. 11.]

3. An Act for the Illegitimation of the Children of the Lady Anne Roos.

4. An Act for Sale of a Message in Chiswicke, for Payment of the Debts of Edward Russell, Esquire.

5. An Act for Confirmation of a Settlement of the Estate of Sir Seymour Shirley, Baronet.

6. An Act for settling the Moiety of the Manor of Iron Acton on Sir John Pointz.

7. An Act for settling an Estate in Trust for the Benefit of Mrs. Elizabeth Pride and her Children.

8. An Act for the ascertaining the Bounds of the several Rectories of Swafham Saint Ciriac, and of Swafham Saint Maries, within the Town of Swafham Prior in the County of Cambridge, and for the Uniting of the two Churches there.

9. An Act for the Restoring of Francis Scawen, Gentleman, in Blood.

10. An Act for Naturalising Dame Mary Frazer, and others.

11. An Act to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts of Henry Kendall, Esquire.

12. An Act for settling Part of the Lands of Henry Mildmay, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children.

13. An Act to enable Leicester Grosvenor and his Trustees, to sell certain Lands for Payment of Debts.

14. An Act for settling Part of the Possessions of John late Earl of Clare deceased, and enabling Gilbert Earl of Clare his Son and Heir, to dispose of some other Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Portions.

15. An Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors, to make Leases for three Lives of certain Lead Mines.

16. An Act for Confirmation of an Exchange of certain Lands, between Horatio Lord Townsend and the Rector of East and West Reynham in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act for the Naturalisation of Alvaro de Costa, and others.

18. An Act for settling the Lands therein mentioned upon Sir Richard Wiseman and John Plott and their Heirs, to enable them the better to perform a Trust.

19. An Act for exchanging certain Manors and Lands of William Palmes, Esquire, for other Lands settled upon him and his Issue by Mary his Wife.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno vicesimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for raising three hundred and ten thousand Pounds, by an imposition on Wines and other Liquors.

2. An Act for the better Payment of Monies received for the use of the Crown.

3. An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber within the Forest of Dean.

4. An Act for proceeding to judgment on Writs of Error brought in the Exchequer.

5. An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather, and Skins Tanned or Dressed.

6. An Act to regulate the Trade of Silk throwing.

7. An additional act against the Importation of Foreign Cattle.

8. An Act for the Taxing and Assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to indemnify the late Sheriffs of the City of London, and the Warden of the Fleet, touching the Escapes of Prisoners, and other Matters occasioned by the late Fire.

2. An Act for settling of certain Manors, Lands and Tenements, of Sir Thomas Leventhorp, Baronet, in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

3. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Hablethwaite to sell or dispose of Land to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children.

4. An Act for Confirmation of the Settlement of Sir Kingsmyll Lucy, Baronet, in the said Act mentioned, and for transferring over some other Part of the Real Estate of Sir Richard Lucy, Knight and Baronet deceased, from Francis Lucy, Esquire.

5. An Act to confirm an Agreement between William Paston, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Horton, and the Tenants of the said Manor, for an Enclosure of Part of the Waste of the said Manor, for the Preservation and Growth of Wood and Timber.

6. An Act for Enabling of Sir William Juxon, Knight and Baronet, Executor of the Last Will and Testament of William Juxon late Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, to recover Part of his Estate.

7. An Act for the better Securing of a Portion of 5000l. to and for the Lady Frances Savile, an Infant Daughter of Thomas late Earl of Sussex deceased, out of Part of the Estate of James Earl of Sussex also an Infant, in Pursuance of the Will of the said Thomas Earl of Sussex.

8. An Act on the Behalf of Dawes Wimonseld, Esquire, for settling certain customary Lands held of the Manor of Wimbleton in the County of Surrey.

9. An Act to enable the Execution of a Trust for Payment of the Debts and Providing for the younger Children of Richard Taylor, Esquire, deceased.

10. An Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases, for Payment of the Debts, and Providing for the Children of Sir Charles Stanley.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles.

2. An Act for Repairing of the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth.

3. An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar Imported between the four and twentieth Day of June 1670. and the four and twentieth Day of June 1678.

4. An Act for the Settling the Imposition on Brandy.

5. An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as steal Cloth from the Rack, and from such as shall steal or imbezil his Majesty's Ammunition and Stores.

6. An Act for advancing the Sale of fee-farm Rents and other Rents.

7. An Act to enable the King's Majesty to make Leases, Grants and Copies, of Offices, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

8. An Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt.

9. An Act authorising certain Commissioners of the Realm of England, to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms.

10. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Prittyman, for Satisfaction of a Debt by him due to the King's Majesty.

11. An additional Act for the Rebuilding of the City of London, Uniting of Parishes, and Rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City.

12. An additional Act for the better Repairing of Highways and Bridges.

13. An Act for Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for John Mannors, called Lord Roos, to marry again.

2. An Act for settling certain charitable Uses devised by John late Bishop of Rochester.

3. An Act for to enable Anthony Ashley, Esquire, Son of the Lord Ashley, to acknowledge Fines and suffer Recoveries of Lands and Hereditaments, whilst he is under the Age of twenty and one Years.

4. An Act for setting Part of the Estate of Dame Susan Bellasis Widow, late Wife of Sir Henry Bellasis deceased.

5. An Act for Confirming Purchasers Estates, and for settling the Differences between the Lady Elizabeth Lee and the Daughters and Coheirs of the late Earl of Downe.

6. An Act to enable the Trustees for the Lord Viscount Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell certain Lands, for the Payment of the Remainder of his Debts.

7. An Act for the Enabling Sir William Gostwicke, Knight, to make a Jointure to Dame Mary his Wife.

8. An Act for Confirming the Estate of Sir Ralph Bankes in the manor of Thesbestet alias Thirsbestet, and other Lands in the County and Borough of Carmarthen.

9. An Act for Sale of Lands to pay the Debts, and raise Portions for the younger Children of Sir Cuthbert Heron, Baronet.

10. An Act to enable Dame Elizabeth Routh, Mother and Executrix of the Last Will and Testament of Dorothy Farewell Widow deceased, late the Relict and Executrix of John Farewell late of the Inner Temple, London, Esquire, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of Debts.

11. An Act for settling the Manor or Lordship of Firbecke in the County of York, and other Lands therein mentioned, on Trustees, to enable them to sell the same for the Payment of Debts.

12. An Act for the Building of a Mansion house for the Dean of St. Paul's Church, London.

13. An Act concerning the Disposing of a House and Lands belonging to the Sisters and Coheirs of Margaret Strode.

14. An Act for Endowment of a Church at Shadwell, now in the Parish of Stepney in Middlesex, and making of it Parochial distinct from Stepney.

15. An Act for settling the Draining of the Fens in Lincolnshire called Deeping Fenns.

16. An Act for making Navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney.

17. An act to enable Thomas Herd, Esquire, to make Leases of his Estate.

18. An Act to enable Richard Beckham and Others, to sell Lands, to pay his father's Debts, and to raise portions for his younger Brothers.

19. An Act to enable John Bill, Esquire, to sell certain Lands in Kent and Surry.

[22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 14.]

20. An Act for Enabling Thomas Leigh, Esquire, to sell Part of his lands, for Payment of Debts.

21. An Act to enable Robert Hotchkin, to sell Lands, to pay Debts, and raise Portions for Daughters.

22. An Act to enable Henry and Jane Perkins, to insure to Doctor Wharton Lands purchased in the County Palatine of Durham.

23. An Act to enable Thomas Davison to sell Lands, to pay Debts, and provide for younger Children.

24. An Act for the Naturalisation of Captain Christopher Onnman, and others.

25. An Act for the Naturalising of Horatio Woodhouse, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding.

2. An Act for Continuance of a former Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments and Recognizances.

3. An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majesty for Supply of his extraordinary Occasions.

4. An Act for Continuance of a former Act to prevent Arrests of Judgments, and Superseding Executions.

5. An Act for an additional Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

6. An Act for revesting the Power of granting Wine licences in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for settling a Recompense on his Royal Highness in Lieu thereof.

7. An Act to prevent the malicious Burning of Houses, Stacks of Corn and Hay, and Killing or Maiming of Cattle.

8. An Act for the Regulating the making of Kidderminster Stuffs.

9. An Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law.

10. An Act for the better settling of Intestates Estates.

11. An Act to prevent the Delivery up of Merchants Ships, and for the Increase of good and serviceable Shipping.

12. An additional Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt.

13. An Act for exporting of Beer, Ale and Mum.

14. An Act for Determination of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished within four Years since the late dreadful Fire in London.

15. An Act for the better Settlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars and Curates in the Parishes of the City of London, burnt by the late dreadful Fire there.

16. An Act for the discovery of such as have defrauded the poor of the city of London of the monies given for their relief, at the times of the late plague and fire, and for recovery of the arrears thereof.

17. An Act for the better Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the City of London.

18. An Act for the better regulating of workhouses, for setting the poor on work.

19. An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and elsewhere.

20. An Act for the Relief and Release of poor distressed prisoners for Debt.

21. An Act for taking the Accounts of sixty thousand Pounds and other Monies given to the Loyal and Indigent Officers.

22. An Act for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty.

23. An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal, with some Alterations and Additions.

24. An Act for vesting certain fee-farm Rents, and other small Rents, in Trustees.

25. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, and for securing Warrens not enclosed, and the several fishings of this Realm.

26. An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to enable Christopher Duke of Albemarle to reconvey several Manors and Lands mortgaged to George late Duke of Albemarle his Father.

2. An Act to enable the Guardians of Charles Earl of Shrewsbury and John Talbot, Esquire, Infants, to dispose of certain Manors, Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Infants.

3. An Act for confirming Agreements between the Lord Viscount of Stafford and his Lady, and their customary Tenants and Copyholders.

4. An Act to enable the making Conveyances of Part of the Estate of James Lord Norreys during his Minority.

5. An Act to enable Robert Lord Bishop of Bangor, and Isaac Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, and their respective Successors for ever, to let for one and twenty Years all Lead Mines in their Soil.

6. An Act for impowering the Executors and Trustees of Henry late Lord Ingram, Viscount Irwin in the Kingdom of Scotland, deceased, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of Debts and Legacies.

7. An Act for granting to Sir Philip Howard and Francis Watson, Esquire, the sole Use of a Manufacture, Art or Invention, for the Benefit of Shipping.

8. An Act to enable Francis Courtney Esquire, to join with Sir William Courtney his Father, in a Conveyance for settling their Estate.

9. An Act for the better Payment of the Debts of Sir Clifford Clifton, Knight, deceased, and raising Portions for his Daughters.

---

10. An Act for settling an Agreement between Sir William Smith and Sir Thomas Hook:, Baronet, German Pool, and others.

11. An Act to enable the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir John Fitzjames to join in a Sale of Lands for Payment of his Debts.

12. An Act for the better Explanation of an Act made in this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the making of the Church erected at Falmouth a Parish Church, and no Part of the Parish of Gluvias cr Chappelry of Saint Burdocke.

13. An Act to enable Elizabeth, Mary and Letitia Hammond, to sell certain Lands in the Bill mentioned.

14. An Act for the rectifying a Mistake of Dates of Deeds mentioned in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable John Bill, Esquire, to sell certain Lands in Kent and Surrey. 22 Cor. 2, C 19.

15. An Act for an Exchange and Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts of Benedidl Hall, Esquire.

16. An Act for the settling the Manor of Portswood, and other Lands, late of John Knight, Gentleman, in the County and Town and County of Southampton, in John Parker, Sergeant at Law, Mr. William Morgan, and Mr. William Blennerhaffct of London, Gentleman, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

17. An Act for vesting and settling the Fee Simple of certain Lands on his Majesty his Heirs and Successors, which have been taken into and spoiled by making new Fortifications about the Town of Portsmouth.

18. An Act for Explaining of a Proviso contained in an Act, intituled, An Act for settling the Profits of the post office, and Power of Granting ivine Licences, on his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke and the Heirs Male of his Body.

19. An Act for building Artmdell House, and the Tenements thereunto belonging.

20. An Act to enable Charles Howard, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, to levy a Fine, and suffer a Recovery, of their Estate in the Manor of darking.

21. An Act to enable Henry Booth, Esquire, to levy Fines, and sufi er Recoveries.

22. An Act to enable Sir Andrciv Hackct, Knight, to settle a Portion of Money on Mary Hacket his Daughter.

23. An Act for settling the Manor of Shabbington, for Payment of the Debts of Sir William Clarke, Baronet.

24. An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Manors, Lands and Leases of Sir Thomas Ogle, Knight, deceased, for raising a Portion, and present Maintenance for his Daughter and Heir, and Payment of his Debts.

25. An Act for Improving the Navigation between the Town of Boston and the River of Trent.

26. An Act for Settling and Preferring the Navigation of the River Wey in the County of Surrey.

27. An Act for uniting the Vicarage and Parsonage of Rojfe in the County of Hereford.

28. An Act for making the Manor of Parifgarden a Parish, and to enable the Parishioners of Saint Saviours, south works, to raise a Maintenance for Ministers, and for Repair of their Church.

29. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas her lackenden, Esquire, for Satisfaction of a Debt due to his Majesty.

30. An Act for settling Lands intended by John Sams for charitable Uses.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno vicesimo quinta Caroli II. Regis.

1. AN Act for raiding the Sum of twelve hundred thirty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, for Supply of his Majesty's extraordinary Occasions.

2. An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish p.ecufants.

3. An Act for enabling his Majesty to make Leases of his Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cormval.

4. An Act for Repeal of a Clause in a former Act to prohibit Salesmen from selling fat Cattle.

5. An Act for the King's majesty's most Gracious, General and Free Pardon.

6. An Act for taking off Aliens Duty upon Commodities of the Growth, Product and Manufacture of this Nation.

7. An Act for encouraging the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trades.

8. An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coinage.

9. An Act to enable the County Palatine of Durham, to send Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

10. An Act for the reviving the Judicature for the Determination of Differences touching Houses burnt down and demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in London, and for rebuilding the Navy office.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo quinto Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for the Settlement of the Rectory of cljud jt\. high in the County of Devon, upon Thomas Lord Clifford, and others.

2. An Act to enable James Earl of Salisbury to let Leases of certain Lands and Tenements for any Term not exceeding forty Years.

3. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Bristol, to exchange their Vicarage of Berkley in the County of Gloucester, with George Lord Berkley, for his Rectory of Saint Michaels in Sutton Bonnington in the County of Nottingham.

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir William Hanham, Baronet, deceased, to sell Lands to pay his Debts, according to his own Direction in his lifetime, and for Management of the Estate of Sir John Hanham an Infant, during his Minority.

5. An Act to confirm Articles of Agreement made upon the Marriage of Sir William Rich, Baronet.

6. An Act for the confirming of an Award made by Sir Orlando Bridgman, Knight and Baronet, late Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, for the ending of all Differences in the Family of Sir Thomas Woolrich, Knight and Baronet, deceased, and to enable John Woolrich, Esquire, and his Heirs, to execute the Powers in the said Award mentioned.

7. An Act for transferring the Interest of a Term of Years in certain Manors and Lands late of Sir Robert Berkley, Knight, deceased, and Payment of Portions appointed to his Grandchildren.

8. An Act for confirming Agreements made between Sir Ralph Banks, Sir John Hanham, Baronet, Else Bethell, Thomas Mackrell, Richard Warland, and John Edvoards by their Guardians, and diverse other Persons.

9. An Act for Explaining and Declaring the Extent of an Exception in a Deed therein named.

10. An Act for Enabling Robert Bellamy to sell Lands for the Payment of his Debts.

11. An Act for the Naturalising Philip Lloyd, Gentleman,

PUBLIC ACT.

Anno vicesimo septimo Caroli II Regis.

AN Act for the better and more easy Rebuilding the Town of Northampton.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo septimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for the better Enabling of Mary Countess Dowager of warvacke to perform the last Will and Testament of her deceased Husband Charles late Earl of Warwicke.

2. An Act for vesting Lands of Alexander Davies, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees for Payment of his Debts;

3. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands in the County of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for the Payment of the Debts of William Lewis, Esquire, deceased, and the Debts and Legacies of Edward Lewis, Esquire, his Son deceased.

4. An Act for granting a Licence to his Highness Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland foroaeand thirty. Years.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

5. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Compton to make Sale of his Manor of Hammerton in the County of Huntington.

6. An Act for Naturalising of Theodore Russel, and others.

7. An Act to enable Charles Cotton, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children.

PUBLICS ACTS.

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for raising the Sum of five hundred eighty four thousand, nine hundred seventy eight Pounds, two Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, for the speedy building thirty Ships of War.

2. An Act for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for three Years.

3. An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.

4. An Act for erecting a Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by the late dreadful Fire in Southwark.

5. An Act for taking of Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer.

6. An Act for the Naturalising of Children of his Majesty's English Subjects, born in foreign Countries during the late Troubles.

7. An Act for the better Observation of the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday.

8. An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies.

9. An Act for taking away the Writ Dc Harctico combu rendo.

10. An Act for the better Repairing and Maintaining the Pier of Great Yarmouth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to enable Robert Earl of Manchester to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands of a greater Value in Lieu of those appointed to be sold.

2. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a general Settlement of the Lord mainard's Estate, upon the Marriage of his Son.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable the Lady Mary Mordant to make Sale of her Interest in the Manor of Blichinglcy, and diverse Lands in the County of Surry, notwithstanding her Minority.

4. An Act for payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmorey of the Kingdom of Ireland, and for raising of Portions for Byron Needham and Charles Needham two of his younger Sons.

5. An Explanatory and Supplemental Act for the better enabling Sir Francis Compton to make Sale and riilpose of the Manor of Hammerton or any Part thereof, in the County of Huntington. 27 Car. 2. C 5.

5. An Act to enable Sir Educat'd Hunger ford, Knight of the Bath, to make Leases for Years of Hungerford House in the Strand, in the Parish of Saint Martins in the fields in the County of Middlesex, and of certain Houses and Tenements thereunto adjoining.

7. An Act to enable Herbert Avobrey and his Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

8. An Act for settling a Maintenance on the Vicar of al hallows in the Town of Northampton.

9. An Act to enable Thomas Barkley, Esquire, and his Trustees, to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of the said Thomas Barkley, and raising Portions for his younger Children.

10. An Act for Naturalising of Alice Rushout, Daughter of Sir James Rushout, Baronet.

11. An Act for Naturalisation of Jacob David, and others.

12. An Act for the Naturalisation of Peter Raven, and others.

13. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Edward Standish, Esquire.

14. An Act to enable the Sale of certain Lands in tianter berne Whitcchurch in the County of Dcrfett, lately belonging to Lawrence Squib, Esquire, deceased.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno vicesimo nono & iricejimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, T to enable his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King, and for prohibiting several French Commodities.

2. An Act for Continuance of two former Acts for prevent, in of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno vicesimo nono IP tricesimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for the ascertaining and establishing of the interest of the Lord and Copyhold Tenants of the Manors of jvejl Derby and ivavertree in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in relation to their Fines and Commons.

2. An Act to enable the Guardian of the Right Honourable Edward Earl of warvacke and Holland, to make Leases of several Messuages herein after mentioned, during his Minority, rendering the improved Rent.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Morley and Mounteagh Baron of Rye, to make Sale of the Manor of Farlton, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in Farlton in the County of Lancaster, for Payment of Debts.

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of Bryan Viscount Cullen of the Realm of Ireland to sell or dispose of Lands in el mtfthorp in the County of Leicester, for the Payment of Debts, and raising a Portion for his Daughter.

5. An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money upon Cobham House and Parke.

6. An Act to enable Sir John Cotton, Baronet, to dispose of a Message called St. Jermans, and Lands therewith used near St. Albans in the County of Hertford, and to settle other Lands in Lieu thereof.

7. An Act for Confirmation of a Decree made in the Court of Chancery the four and twentieth Day of February, Anno Regni Regis Caroli fecv.ndi vicesimo septimo, in a Cause between Sir Francis Rodcs, Baronet, mice deceased, and Dame Martha his Wife, Plaintiffs, and ivulizm Thornton an Infant, by ciprianthornton his Guardian, and John Thornton and the said Cipriun Thornton, Defendants, and of several Conveyances and Assurances made by the said Sir Francis Rodes in pursuance thereof, as well for Payment of his Debts as for Provision for his Wife and Children.

8. An Act to supply the Defects in a Deed of Settlement mad aby John Coke, Esquire, deceased, and for altering a Trust in Part of the Estate of Robert Cake, Esquire.

9. An Act to enable Thomas Thynnc of Longleat in the Count of jitltes, Esquire, to settle a Jointure on a Wife,

The TITLES of

of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments therein mentioned.

10. An Act for discharging the Manor of jvinjlead in the County of York from a Settlement in Tail, and charging other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincoln of a greater Value with the same uses.

11. An Act for the settling certain Lands belonging to William Gcry of Bushmead in the County of Bedford, Esquire, upon Trustees to be sold for Payment of Debts.

12. An Act for the vetting of certain Manors and Lands of Edward Bedell of Wooclrifeing in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, in certain Trustees to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and for raising of Portions for Diana Bedell, isabella Bedell and Anne Bedell, Infants, Daughters of the said Edward Bedell, and for such other Children as shall hereafter be begotten by the said Edward Bedell upon the Body of Isabella Bedell his now Wife.

13. An Act. to enable Francis Bread, Esquire, the surviving Son and lithe Male of Sir Maithew Brend, Knight, deceased, to sell certain Lands for the raising of three thousand Pounds for the Portions of Frances and Elizabeth Brend the Daughters of Thomas Brend, Esquire, deceased, late, elder Brother of the Francis Brend.

14. An Act for the Naturalising of sane de Galiere countess of Lincoln, an others.

15. An Act for restoring the Honour of Baron Auclley of Hcly, to fames Lord Audley, and others herein mentioned.

16. An vdt for the appropriating the Rectories of llaur hayader in Mocbnant in the Counties of Denbigh and Montgomery and of Skeving in the County of Flint, for Repairs of the Cathedral Church of Saint Asaph, and the better Maintenance of the Choir there, and also for the uniting several Rectories sine Cura, and the Vicarages of the same Parishes, within the Diocese of St. Asaph aforesaid.

17. An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

18. An Act for settling diverse Manors, Farms and Lands' in the County of Hertford, now in the Possession of Francis shalcrojje, Esquire, and for making Provision for younger Children, and Payment of Debts.

19. an act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for the raising of Money to pay the D bts of John Samine, Esquire.

20. An Act to enable Trustees to lull Lands for Payment of the Debts of Jrhn Herring, deceased.

21. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir William Thorold late of Hough in the County of Lincoln, Knight, deceased.

PUBLICK ACTS.,

Anno tricesimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of, six hundred nineteen thousand, three hundred eighty Pounds, eleven Shillings and nine Pence, for disbanding the Army, and other Uses therein mentioned.

2. An Act for granting an additional Duty to his Majesty upon Wines for three Years.

3. An Act for Burying in Woollen.

4. An Act for the further Relief and Discharge of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt.

5. An Act for repealing certain.words in a Clause in a former Act, intituled, An Act for Enlarging and Repairing of common Highways.

6. An Act for reviving a former Act, intituled, An Act for avoiding unnecess ary Suits and Delays, and for Continuance of one other act, intituled, An Act for the better Settling of Intejlates Estates.

the STATUTES.

7. An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors in their own Wrong.

8. An Act for the Admeasurement of Keels and Boats carrying Coals.

9. An Act for Preservation of Fiftiing in the River of: Severn.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno tricesimo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to supply an Omission in the Settlement of Ts. the Estate of Sir Trevor Williams, Baronet, made upon the Marriage of his eldest Son, and to enable his eldest Son to make a Jointure to a second Wife.

2. An Act for Increasing the Revenue of the Dean of Saint Pauls, and Alluring the Estates of his Tenants in sbadwell in the County of aaiddlrsex.

3. An Act for vesting the Rectory of Weslcrham in the County of Kent in Trustees, to be sold for Payment off the Debts of Edward Gresham, Esquire.

4. An Act for the better Enabling the Trustees of Sir Thomas Cave, Knight and Baronet, deceased, for the selling of Lands for the Performance of the Will of the said Sir Thomas Cave, and likewise for the vesting and settling of other Lands.

5. An Act for uniting and consolidating the Churches of Beaumont and Mofe in the County of Essex.

6. An Action the Behalf of John Fortefeue, for the executing certain Trusts devolved upon Infants.

7. An Act for making Part of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields a new Parish, to be called the Parish of Saint' Anne within the Liberty of Westminster.

8. An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Lands of tanflj. Mulfo, Esquire, late deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children. r'

9. An Act for Naturalising of John Schoppens, and others.

10. An Act to make good a Mortgage made by John Forth, deceased, to Thomas Cooke and Nicholas Carey, and for making Provision for Henry Forth Son of the said John Forth.

11. An Act for making navigable the River Fate alias Vale in the County of Cornwall.

12. An Act to enable Thomas Plater, Gentleman, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts charged upon the same, and reimbursing him such Sums of Money as he hath or shall lay out in repairing the Breaches made by the Inundation of the Sea, and keeping the Waters out.

PUBLIC ACT.

Anno tricesimo Caroli II Regis. Stat. 2.7- 1

AN Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling papjfts from, lifting in either House of Parliament.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno tricesimo primo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of two hundred, and six thousand, four hundred sixty two Pounds, seventeen Shillings and threepence, for paying off and.disbanding thq Forces raised since the nine and twentieth of September 1677.

2. An Act for the better securing the Liberty of the subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

3. An Act for Reingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire in the Temple.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno tricesimo prtmo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN Act to confirm certain Leases made by John Drake Jx and others, and to enable Sir Francis Drake to make a Jointure, and raise Portions for his Daughters and younger Children.

2. An Act for Sale of the Lands late of Charles Dale of the County of Rutland, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Provision for his Daughters and Coheirs.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno tricesimo secundo Caroli II Regis.

1. AN additional Act for Burying in Woollen.

2. All Act prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

PRIVATE ACT.

Anno tricesimo secundo Caroli II Regis.

AN Act for Rectifying several Errors and Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Charles Hoghton, Baronet.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno primo J a C II

1. AN Act for settling the Revenue on his Majesty for r his Life, which was settled on his late Majesty for his Life.

2. An Act to Attaint James Duke of Monmouth of High Treason.

3. an act for granting his Majesty an. Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety and three.

4. An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the four and

twentieth day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand sin hundred ninety three.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by an imposition on all French Linens, and all ea/l India Linen, and several other Manufactures of India, and on all French Wrought Silks and Stuffs, and on all other Wrought silks, and on all brandies, imported after the first Day of July one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and b fore the first Day of July one thousand six hundred and ninety', for the King's extraordinary Occasions.

6. An Act for repealing certain Clauses in an Act of Parliament made in the nine and twentieth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for prohibiting French Commodities.

7. An Act for reviving and continuing two former Acts for Encouragement of Coinage.

8. An Act against the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and other Ammunition, and Utensils of war.

9. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his hiehness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to

the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

10. An Act for the providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals.

11. An Act for reviving an Act for providing of Carriages by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance.

12. An Act for consolidating the Estates Tail and reversion in Fee, which his Majesty hath in the Postoffice, and twenty-four thousand pounds/fr Annum of the Hereditary Excise.

13. An Act for reviving a former Act for exporting of Leather.

14. An Act for Continuance of three former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

13. An Act for Rebuilding, Finishing, and Adorning of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London.

16. An Act for Clearing, Preserving, Maintaining, and Repairing the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth.

17. An Act for Reviving and Continuance of several Acts of parliament therein mentioned.

18. An Act to encourage the Building of Ships in England.

19. An additional Act for Improvement of Tillage.

20. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Anne within the Liberty of Westminster, to raise Money to build a Church to be the Parish Church there.

21. An Act for repealing a Clause for div iding of Commons in an Act of Parliament made in though fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An act Act for settling the Dreyning of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.

22. An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called the parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable James Lord Butler of Moor Park, jfi and Earl of ojfory in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a Jointure to such Woman as he shall marry.

2. An Act for the Naturalisation of John ejjelbron, Otto Gcetz, David Becceler, and others.

3. An Act for Rebuilding the Earl of pewis's House in Lin coins Inn Fields lately demolished by Fi e.;

4. An Act for the Conveyance of fresh Water through several Grounds unto the City of Rochester.

5. An Act for Naturalising Magdalene Pellazary, and others.

6. An Act for the Naturalising of James Dufrais, Theodore janjjen, and others.

7. An Act to enable Edward Meller, ylfq\ to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

8. An Act for the Repair of the Cathedral Church of Be vigour, and for the Maintenance of the Choir there; and for the Augmentation of the Revenue of the Bishopric of Bangor, and for an Augmentation of several Vicarages within the Comportions of Landinum in thcdiocefe of bangor.aforesaid.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno primo W. & M. Sef. 1.

1. AN Act for removing and preventing all questior s A and Disputes concerning the assembling and sitting of this present Parliament, z. An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and

The TITLES of

detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government.

3. An for the granting a present Aid to their Majesties.

4. An Act for reviving of Actions and Process lately depending in the Courts at ivefhninfer, and discontinued by the not holding of Hilary Term, and for supplying other Defects relating to Proceedings at Law.

5. An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall mutiny or deftrt their Majesties Service.

6. An Act for establishing the Coronation Oath.

7. An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government.

8. An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

9. An Act for the amoving Papists, and reputed Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster, and ten Miles distant from the same.

10. An Act for the taking away the Revenue arising by Hearth Money.

11. An Act for explaining and making effectual a Statute made in the first Year of King James the Second, concerning the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth.

12. An Act for the Encouraging the Exportation of Corn.

13. An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the reducing of Ireland.

14. An Act for preventing Doubts and questions concerning the collecting the public Revenue.

15. An Act for the better securing the Government, by disarming Papists and reputed Papists.

16. An Act, That the simoniacal Promotion of one Person may not prejudice another.

17. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this present Parliament, For the amovingpapifsfrotn the Cities of London and Westminster.

18. An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws.

19. An Act for impowering their Majesties to commit, without Bail, such Persons as they shall find just Cause to fiif pedt are conspiring against the Government.

20. An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of twelve Pence in the Pound for one Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

21. An Act for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper.

22. An Act for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum.

23. An Act for reviving two former Acts for exporting of Leather.

24. An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

23. An Act to regulate the Administration of the Oaths required to be taken by Commission or Warrant Officers *employed in their Majesties Service by Land, by Virtue of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

26. An Act to vest in the two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists.

27. An Act for taking away the Court held before the Prclident and Council of the Marches of Wales.

28. An Act for appropriating certain Duties, for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majesty's Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses.

29. An Act for relief of the Protestant Irish Clergy.

30. An Act to repeal the Statute made in the fifth Year of

the STATUTES.

King Henry the Fourth, against the multiplying Gold and Silver.

31. An additional Act for the appointing Commissioners for the executing an Act of this present Parliament, intituled An act for a Grant to tleir Muffles of an Aid of twelve Pence in the Pound for one Year, for the necesary Defence of their Realms.

32. An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

33. An Act for explaining Part of an Act made' in the first Year of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

34. An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 1 TV. s M. Sejf. 1.

1. AN Act for anulling and making void the Attainder of William Russel, Esq; commonly called Lord Russel.

2. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalising the most noble Prince George of Denmark.

3. An Act for the Naturalisation of the most noble Prince George of Denmark, and settling his Precedence.

4. An Act for naturalising Frederick Count Schonberg, and others.

5. An Act to enable Younger Cooke, Esq; to sell Lands to pay his Debts, and provide for his younger Children.

6. An Act for the Naturalisation of Henry de Nassau, and others.

7. An Act for the annulling and making void the Attainder of Algernon sidney, Esq;

8. An Act for annulling and making void the Attainder of Alice Life, Widow.

9. An Act for the Sale or leasing the Capital messuage, late Henry Coventry's, Esq; in Piccadilly.

10. An Act for building into Tenements the remaining Part of Arundel Ground, as now enclosed.

11. An Act for the Naturalisation of Anne Affley, and others.

12. An Act for the better alluring the Manor of Silton, and demifing other Lands and Tenements in Silton in the County of Salop, unto Joseph Solcy, Gent. and his Heirs.

13. An Act to enable Robert Penwarne to sell Lands, to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and also to pay Debts.

14. An Act to make good a Recovery fuifered by the Earl of Peterborough and Lord Mordant.

15. An Act to enable Theodore Bathurf to make a Jointure for his Wife, and to charge Monies on Part of his Estate. in Yorkshire.

16. An Act for reversing the Attainder of Henry Cornish, Esq; late Alderman of the City of London.

17. An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience at Nevjcafle upon Tyne.

18. An Act for erecting Courts of Conscience in the Cities of Bristol and Gloucester, and the Liberties thereof.

19. An Act for the better regulating the Salt Works in Droitwich.

20. An Act to enable Thomas Chettel to sell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

21. An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Holey, Esq;

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

22. An Act for enabling of Hannah Sherley, Widow, and Mary Battllbcy alias Sherley, her Daughter, to settle and dispose of certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno I W. & M. Sess. zr

1. AN Act for a Grant to their majesties of an Aid of I two Shillings in the Pound for one Year.

2. An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the *subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

3. An Act for preventing all Doubts and Questions concerning the collecting the public Revenue.

4. An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall mutiny or defect their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters.

5. An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an additional Aid of twelve Pence in the Pound for one Year.

6. An Act for the charging and collecting the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate at the customhouse.

7. An Act for Review of the late Poll granted to their Majesties, and for an additional Poll, towards the reducing of Ireland.

8. An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing in their Majesties, or for their Service. 1

9. An Act for the better Security and Relief of their Majesties Protestant Subjects of Ireland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 1 W. & M. Sess. 2.

1. AN Act for naturalising William Watts, an Infant.

2. An Act for declaring and enacting John Rogerson to be a natural born Subject of this Realm.

3. An Act to enable the Lord Viscount Hereford to make a Jointure upon his Marriage with Mrs. Elizabeth nor bourn, notwithstanding his Minority.

4. An Act for settling a Maintenance on the Children of Sidney Worthy alias Montague, Esq; in case his Wife survive him.

5. An Act to discharge the Duke of Norfolk, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money to the Lady Elizabeth Tercfa ruj/cl, Wife of Bartholomew) Ritffel, Esq;

6. An Act to enable the Earl of Radnor to make a Jointure to his Wife, and to raise a Sum of Money out of diverse Lands and Tenements in Cornwall.

7. An Act to enable Thomas Edon, Esq; to sell Lands, to pay his Debts, and to make Provision for his Wife, and for his Children, in case he shall have any.

8. An Act to enable William Batson, Esq; to sell Lands in the County of Oxon, and to purchase and settle an Estate in the County of Suffolk to the same Uses.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 2 W. & M. Sejf. 1.

1. AN Act for recognising King William and Queen Jj\ Mary, and for avoiding all Questions touching the Acts made in the Parliament assembled at Westminster, the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight.

2. An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the reducing of Ireland, and prosecuting the War against France.

3. An Act for granting to their Majesties for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

4. An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported.

5. An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent, in case the Rent be not paid in a reasonable Time.

6. An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her majesty, during his Majesty's Absence.

7. An Act to declare the Right and Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports.

8. An Act for reversing the Judgement in a Quo Warranto against the City of London, and for restoring the City of London to its ancient Rights and Privileges.

9. An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

10. An Act of the King's and Queen's most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 2 W. Lf M. Seff'. 1.

1. An Act for making Worthenbury a distinct Parish from YE Bangor.

2. An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament, for Sale and leasing of a House late Mr. secretary coventry's in Piccadilly.

3. An Act to enable John Wolfenholm, Esq; to sell Lands to pay Debts.

4. An Act to illegitimate any Child or Children that Jane the Wife of John Lewknor, Esq; hath had, or shall have, during her Elopement from him.

5. An Act to enable Algernoon Earl of Essex to make a w^fe a Jointure, and for raising of Monies for Payment of 6000l. borrowed to make up the Lady morpeth's Portion; and to make a Settlement of his Estate on his Marriage.

6. An Act for making some Provision for the Daughters and younger Sons of Anthony Ear] of Shaftesbury.

7. A Bill for the Sale of the capital Message or Mansion House of Harleford, and Manor of Great Marloiv, and other Lands in the County of Bucks.

8. A Bill to enable Sir Robert Fenwick to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

9. A Bill for confirming a Settlement made by Sir Hugh Middleton, Baronet, for a separate Maintenance for Dame Dorothea his Wife, and for other Trusts; and for the better enabling Trustees to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts.

10. A Bill whereby the Freehold and Inheritance of the Manor of Loleworth alias Lollworth, and the Advowson of the Church of Loleworth alias Lollworth, in the County of Cambridge, and diverse other Lands and Hereditaments in Loleworth aforesaid, and in Long sar.ion in the said County, are vested in Altham Smith of gray's Inn in the County of Middlesex, Esq; and William Gore of London. Merchant, and their Heirs, in fee simple in pof section, to the Use of them and their Pleirs, in Trust for John Edwards of Debdon Hall in the County of Essex, Esq; and his Heirs, to the Intent the same may be sold.

11. A Bill to enable Sir Humphry Forcfer to settle and dispose Lands.

12. A Bill to enable Thomas Berenger, Esq; to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

The TITLES of

13. A Bill to vest the Estate of Cadwallador Win, Esq; in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts.

14. A Bill for the naturalising of David le Grand, and others.

15. An Act for confirming to the Governor and Company trading to hudson's Bay, their Privileges and Trade.

16. An Act for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom.

17. An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadler to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

18. An Act for the granting to Elizabeth, Relict of John Hobby, Esq; and now the Wife of the Lord Alexander, Son and Heir Apparent of Elenry Earl of Starling, in the Kingdom of Scotland, one Annuity or yearly Rent charge of 450l. for her Life, in Satisfaction of 500l. per Annum in Lands, which file was to have for her Jointure.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 2 TV. Cf M, Sejf.2.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Ex Sum of sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred and two Pounds eighteen Shillings.

2. An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

3. An Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one Year.

4. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain impositions upon all East India Goods and Merchandises, and upon all wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandise, to be imported after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety.

5. An Act for the Continuance of several former Acts therein mentioned, for the laying several Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco.

6. An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters.

7. An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

8. An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in' the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned.

9. An Act for the encouraging the distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction.

10. An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for four Years', from the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one Year, doth expire.

11. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

12. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety and one, altho' the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

13. An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

---

14. An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

15. An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 2 W. & M. Sess. 2.

1. AN Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of Kempton and Kempton Park, and other Lands late of Francis Phelips, Esq; deceased.

2. An Act to enable Dacres Barret, alias Lennard, Esq; to charge the Reversion of his Estate in England with the Sum of 1500l.

3. An Act to prohibit the covering of Houses, and other Buildings, with Thatch or Straw, in the Town of Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

4. An Act to vest diverse Messuages and Tenements (the Estate of David Big, Esq;) in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to be raised thereby in the Purchase of Lands more to his Convenience, to be settled to the same Uses.

5. An Act to vest the Manor and Lands late of George Villet, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for raising Portions for his Daughters.

6. An Act to enable Elizabeth Montague, Widow, to let Leases for Years of Houses and Ground in Stepney, in the County of Middlesex.

7. An Act for securing the Portion of Elizabeth Lucy, and breeding her up a Protestant; and for transferring the Trust for that Purpose.

8. An Act for the enabling of Trustees to sell certain Lands of Richard Cooke, deceased, to pay Debts, and to raise a Portion for his Daughter.

9. An Act to enable Philip Hildeyard, Esq; to sell Lands in Surrey, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire in lieu thereof.

10. An Act to annul and make void a Marriage between Mary Wharton an Infant, and James Campbell, Esq;

11. An Act for vesting diverse Lands in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Debts of Saintleger Scroop, Esq;

12. An Act for the better enabling Jane Bray, Widow, the Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will of Reginald Bray, Esq; deceased, and others, to the speedier raising the Portions already appointed for her Daughters by the said Reginald Bray.

13. An Act for the naturalising of Francis de la Chambre, and others.

14. An Act for settling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esq; deceased.

15. An Act to free the Estate of Sir Samuel Barnardison from several Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgement given against him, upon an Information in the Court of King's Bench.

16. An Act to give Catharine Lady Cornbury certain Powers to act as if she were of full Age.

17. An Act to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Bagnal, Esq; in the Estate of Nicholas Bagnal, Esq; in Ireland.

18. An Act for the limiting the Power of James now Earl of Salisbury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate.

19. An Act for the vesting several Messuages and Tenements in the City of London, late the Estate of John Bains, Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

20. An Act for raising Money out of the Estate of Thomas Williams, Esq; deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts.

21. An Act to enable Thomas Sheaf to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, according to an Agreement for that Purpose.

22. An Act for the settling a Charity given by Robert Ask, Esq; to the Company of Haberdashers, London.

23. An Act to enable Thomas Earl of Ailesbury, and Elizabeth Countess of Ailesbury his Wife, to make Provision for Payment of Debts, and to make Leases of their Estates.

24. An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in York Buildings, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks.

25. An Act for vesting certain Lands (the Estate of Thomas Mainwaring, Gent.) in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

26. An Act to enable John Rosseter, Esq; to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 3 W. & M.

1. AN Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for one Year.

2. An Act for abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths.

3. An Act for the better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax.

4. An Act for preserving two Ships Lading of Bay Salt, taken as Prize, for the Benefit of their Majesties Navy.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred and two Pounds eighteen Shillings, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Anno 3 & 4 W. & M.

6. An Act for raising Money by a Poll payable quarterly for one Year, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

7. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-two, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

8. An Act for the Encouragement of the breeding and feeding of Cattle.

9. An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment.

10. An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers.

11. An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor.

12. An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods.

13. An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.

14. An Act for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises.

15. An Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines and Strong Waters; and for preventing the Abuses therein.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 3 & 4 W. & M.

1. AN Act for making a twelve Years Lease, made by the Earl and Countess of Ailesbury, for Payment of Debts (which was determinable on their Deaths) to have Continuance absolutely for those twelve Years.

2. An Act for the settling a Fee-Farm Rent of one hundred Pounds per Annum upon the Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to be issuing out of Hatton Garden, in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereupon erected; for the settling and alluring the same, subject to the said Rent, upon Christopher Lord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever.

3. An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Putt, Bart. deceased, to lease several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, during the Minority of Sir Thomas Putt, Bart. Son and Heir of the said Sir Thomas Putt, towards the Payment of 500l. apiece Legacies to his three Sisters, Margaret, Ursula, and Susanna Putt; as also the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Putt, the Father.

4. An Act for naturalising Sir Martin Beckman, and others.

5. An Act for Sale of the Manor of, and Lands in Wittering, in the County of Northampton, and the advowson of the Church of Wittering aforesaid, and late the Inheritance of William Stydolph, Esq; deceased, late Father of Sygismond Stydolph, Esq;

6. An Act for settling a jointure on Jane the Wife of Colonel Edward Matthews, Daughter of Sir Thomas Armstrong deceased.

7. An Act for the vesting and settling diverse Lands in glou cestershire, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the remaining Portions to the Children of George Montague, Esq; deceased.

8. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Thorp Langton, and elsewhere, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Richard Roberts, Esq; and for raising Portions for his Daughters.

9. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Manworthy, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands and Estate of Nicholas Martyn, Esq; by Trustees herein after named, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Nicholas Martyn.

10. An Act to vest the Estate late of Henry Drax, Esq; deceased, in Thomas Shatterden, Gent. and to enable the said Thomas Shatterden, and others, to whom the said Estate is devised, to make a Jointure.

11. An Act for enabling Sir Dudley Cullum, Bart. to raise Monies to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions.

12. An Act to enable the Sale of several Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Maurice Shelton, and others; and for settling other Lands instead of them.

13. An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Edward Smith, Esq; deceased, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts, and to make a Provision for his Children, who are Infants.

14. An Act for the enabling of Sir Thomas Burton, Bart. to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

15. An Act to enable William Davile to sell some Lands for Payment of Debts.

16. An Act for the enabling the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Winchelsea to settle a jointure upon any Wife he shall marry during his Minority.

17. An Act for the better enabling the Trustees and Executors of Richard Campion, deceased, to perform his Will.

18. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Right Honourable James Lord Waldgrave to make Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates, for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord Waldgrave, his Father, deceased.

19. An Act for enabling Francis More, Esq; to sell the Manor of Bayhouse, and Lands in West Thorocke in the County of Essex; and to purchase and settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

20. An Act for enfranchising several Copyhold Lands and Tenements held of the Manors of Albury and North Mimms in the County of Hertford.

21. An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury.

22. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Cripps, Gent. in the County of Kent, and for settling another Estate of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

23. An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molineux, Gent. in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 2000l. for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

24. An Act for naturalising of Mainhard Duke of Leinster, and others.

25. An Act for the enabling Philip Lord Stanhope, Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfield, together with the said Earl, to make a jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhope.

26. An Act to enable Henry Halstead to make a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend of Eald-street in the Church of St. Paul, London.

27. An Act to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Manor of Bushley in the County of Worcester, Part of the Bishopric of London; and to purchase other Lands, to be annexed to the said Bishopric, for the Improvement thereof.

28. An Act for the settling of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Merioneth, upon certain Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, towards the Payment of the Debts of William Vaughan and Jenkin Vaughan, Esq; deceased.

29. An Act for the enabling Vincent Grantham, Esq; to lease Part of his Manor of Golthoe in Lincolnshire, for the raising Monies to pay Portions and Debts charged thereupon.

30. An Act for naturalising of Armand Nompar de Commant, commonly called Marquiss of Monpavillan, and others.

31. An Act to enable the Trustees of James late Earl of Suffolk, to sell the Manor of Hadstock in Essex, and for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said late Earl, from 5,000l. Remainder of 10,000l. by him formerly charged thereon.

32. An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Elizabeth Curtis, Widow, late deceased, and Performance of an Agreement touching the same, made between Charles Curtis in his lifetime, and Edward Earl, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery.

33. An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincoln, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands to be settled for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled.

34. An Act for securing, out of some of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Charles Pelham of Brokelsby, in the County of Lincoln, Esq; the Sum of 5000l. with Interest unto Anne Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles.

35. An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of East Horsley in Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Philip Hildeyard, Esq;

36. An Act for the better assuring to George Vernon and his Heirs and Assigns, four Acres of Land in Ebisham, in the County of Surrey.

37. An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in the Parish of St. Paul's Shadwell in the County of Middlesex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks.

38. An Act to vest diverse Manors, Lands, and Tenements in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir William Halford, Knight, deceased, and for Payment of the other Debts of Sir William Halford now living, prior to his Marriage settlement with the Lady Frances his now Wife.

39. An Act for settling the Manor and Lordship of King's Bromley, and other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Barbara Newton, Widow, Relict of Samuel Newton, late of the Island of Barbadoes in America, Esq; deceased, and John Newton, Esq; Son and Heir of the said Samuel, by the said Barbara.

40. An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadler, Bart. to sell Lands to pay his Debts.

41. An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground in the Parish of St. James's, and St. Martin in the Fields, late the Estate of Henry Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold.

42. An Act to enable John Keble, Gent. to sell certain Lands in Stow Market in the County of Suffolk, and to settle other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 4 W. & M.

1. AN Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

2. An Act that the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province.

3. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

4. An Act for taking special Bails in the County upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

Anno 4 & 5 W. & M.

5. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandises for the prosecuting the present War against France.

6. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand six hundred ninety and three, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

7. An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese.

8. An Act for encouraging the apprehending of Highwaymen.

9. An Act for reviving of Two former Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways in the County of Hertford.

10. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Hair Buttons.

11. An Act for examining, taking, and stating the public Accounts of this Kingdom.

12. An Act to make Parishioners of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made.

13. An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters, and for the Payment of Quarters.

14. An Act for the Review of the quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the last Session of this present Parliament.

15. An Act for continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, and for charging several joint Stocks.

16. An act to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages.

17. An Act for the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade.

18. An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court.

19. An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

20. An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

21. An Act for delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

22. An Act for regulating Proceedings in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster.

23. An Act for the more easy Discovery and Conviction of such as shall destroy the Game of this Kingdom.

24. An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring.

25. An act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 4 W. & M.

1. AN Act for the Sale of the Estate of Anthony Eyre, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Portions, for his Children.

2. An Act for vesting the Estate real and personal, late of Henry Hawley, in Trustees, to be sold, or otherwise disposed, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs Susan and Mary, who are both Infants.

3. An Act for clearing and removing some Doubts which may arise in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents in the Counties of Lincoln, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands, to be settled for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled.

4. An Act to enable Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, an Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, to make a Jointure out and Settlement of his Manors and Lands in the Counties of York, in the County of the City of York, and Westmoreland.

5. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Sir Anthony Brown, Baronet, deceased, and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon.

6. An Act to enable Alexander Popham, Esq; to settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of 12000l. Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts.

7. An Act to enable Sir George Parker of Ratton in the County of Sussex, Baronet, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority.

8. An Act to enable William Wake, Gent. and William Wake, Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, within the Manor of Shipwick, in the County of Dorset.

9. An Act for the rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this present Parliament, passed in the Year 1691. intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molyneux, Gent. in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 2000l. for paying the Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

10. An Act for the enabling Sir William Mannock, Baronet, to charge his Estate for the raising his younger Childrens Portions.

11. An Act for settling the Manor of Kings North, for the enabling Barnbam Powel, Esq; to make Provision for his younger Children.

12. An Act to enable Ralph Macclesfield to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

Anno 4 & 5 W. & M.

13. An Act for dividing the Chapelries of North Chapel and Dugton from the Parish of Petworth, and erecting them into new Parishes; and for settling the advowsons and Rights of Patronage of the Rectories of Petworth, North Chapel, Dungton, Clower, Farnham Royal, Worplesdon, Kirby, Overblows, and Catton, and the Vicarage of Long Horsley.

14. An Act for the Sale of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Francis Osbaston, Esq; deceased, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and raising ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Osbaston, his Daughter, chargeable upon the said Estate.

15. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Wroth, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of one and twenty Years.

16. An Act for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of Anthony Danby, Esq; and for making Provision for his Brothers and younger Children, and for Payment of his Debts.

17. An Act for confirming the Sale of certain Wood Lands in the County of Southampton, and certain Articles of Agreement made between Isaac Woollaston and Richard Woollaston, Esquires.

18. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Henry Baynton, Esq; deceased, and for raising a Portion for his Daughter.

19. An Act to enable Richard Walthall, Esq; to sell Lands for the Payment of Portions and Debts.

20. An Act for the better Assurance of the Manor of Wood Lands, and Hundred of Knoulton, unto Edward Seymour, Esq;

21. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Matthew Pitt, Esq; and Robert Pitt, Gent. for the Payment of Debts, and to settle the rest of the Lands upon the said Matthew and Robert, and the Wife of the said Robert, and their Issue.

22. An Act for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle, Lord Viscount Shannon, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

23. An Act to enable Humphry Lord Bishop of Bangor, to make a Lease of Bangor House, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, London, for a competent Term of Years, in order to the new Building and improving the Rent thereof, for the Benefit of his Successors.

24. An Act for vesting the Manor of Bancroft, otherwise Thonocke, otherwise Lowthonocke, Hinton, otherwise Hengton, and other Lands in the County of Lincoln, Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, in Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts of Thomas Towers, Esq; and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter.

25. An Act to enable Thomas Goodwin the younger, to sell Lands for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

26. An Act to enable Roger Price, Esq; to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esq; deceased.

27. An Act to enable Sir John Williams, of Langibby Castle in the County of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manors of Ewyas Lacy, Waterstone, and Trescaillan, and other Lands in the County of Hereford, and the Manor of Carwent, and other Lands in the County of Monmouth, for Payment of Debts.

28. An Act for the Sale of such Interest as Thomas Broomhall, Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace at Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts.

29. An Act for exchanging of several small Parcels of Land, in the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of London, and Part of the Bishopric of London, for other Lands of the like Value, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs.

30. An Act for the naturalising of Henry Shiebell, and others.

31. An Act for settling and confirming the Manors and Lands in Hameldon, in the County of Rutland, as they are now enjoyed, and have been for diverse Years last past, pursuant to an Agreement for enclosing and exchanging of Lands there.

32. An Act for the Sale of Lands by Sir Robert Smith, and settling other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

33. An Act for the vesting a Message and Lands in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of Abraham Hinde, deceased.

34. An Act to enable Abel Atwood to sell some Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 5 W. & M.

1. AN Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

2. An Act for repealing such Parts of several former Acts, as prevent or prohibit the Importation of Foreign Brandy, Aqua Vitae, and other Spirits, and Bacon, except from France.

3. An Act for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk.

4. An Act to repeal a Clause in the Statute made in the Four and thirtieth and Five and thirtieth Years of King Henry the Eighth, by which Justices of Peace in Wales are limited to Eight in each County.

5. An Act to supply the Deficiency of the Money raised by a former Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

6. An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines.

Anno 5 & 6 W. & M.

7. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

8. An Act for the explaining, and the more effectual Execution of a former Act, for the Relief of poor Prisoners.

9. An Act for Repeal of a Clause in the Statute of the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth (containing diverse Orders for Artificers and others) which relates to Weavers of Cloth.

10. An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London.

11. An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

12. An Act to take away the Process for the Capiatur Fine, in the several Courts at Westminster.

13. An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth Year of King Edward the Third, for finding Sureties for the good Abearing, by him or her that hath a Pardon of Felony.

14. An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable quarterly, for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

15. An Act for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for the Payment of Quarters, for one Year longer.

16. An Act for the Importation of Salt Petre, for One Year.

17. An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Mundick Metal.

18. An Act for the enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

19. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety four, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

20. An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates, and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France.

21. An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

22. An Act for the licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and Stage Coaches.

23. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

24. An Act for building good and defensible Ships.

25. An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy Royal.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 5 W. & M.

1. AN Act to enable John Vivian, Esq; and Thomas Vivian his Son, to sell some Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger Children; and for settling other Part of their Estate in lieu thereof.

2. An Act to indemnify the Trustees of James Clayton, Esq; for joining with him in selling Lands for Payment of his Debts.

Anno 5 & 6 W. & M.

3. An Act to enable Roger Whitley the Elder, Esq; and Thomas Whitley, Esq; to exchange certain Lands of equal Value, in the County of Chester.

4. An Act for Payment of the Debts of George Turner, Esq; deceased.

5. An Act to enable Sir Charles Barrington, Baronet, to settle a Jointure on Dame Bridget his Wife, and to make Provision for their younger Children.

6. An Act to enable Thomas Earl of Thanet, and the Honourable Sackville Tuft on, his Brother, to make a Lease for Sixty Years of Thanet House, in the Parish of St. Botolph, Aldersgate, to commence after the Remainder of the term of One and thirty Years now in being.

7. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Frere, an Infant, to raise Monies for Inning and Recovering other Parts thereof now under Water; and for Payment of Debts charged thereon.

8. An Act for making a Bridge over the River Axe, in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act to enable John Whitehall to charge certain Lands with the Sum of 1500l. towards Portions for his younger Children.

10. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Susan Chaplyn, and Dorothy Chaplyn, her Daughter, for Payment of Debts, and making a Provision for the said Susan and Dorothy.

11. An Act to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner, Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses, or Ground, in or near Lincolns Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of the younger Children.

12. An Act to enable Thomas Edwards to sell Part of his Estate for the Payment of Debts, and to restrain and disable him to commit Waste upon the Residue of the said Estate.

13. An Act for settling the Inheritance of some Part of the Estate of Charles Turner, Esq; (which lie dispersed) to himself and his Heirs, and settling an entire Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the Uses the said other Parts of his Estate were settled.

14. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Stephens, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage thereupon, and applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons, who are Infants.

15. An Act to vest the Estate of Mary, Elizabeth, and Anne Mildway, and Edward Dixy and Arabella his Wife, and Lucy and Anne Mildmay, in Trustees, to be sold for satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon, and preserving the Overplus for their Benefit.

16. An Act for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard, Knight, deceased, late One of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England.

17. An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Staivell, lately deceased.

18. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Brent, Gent. deceased, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance for his Children, who are Infants.

19. An Act for vesting the Third Part of the Manor of Leckby, alias Letby, and other Lands in the County of York, in Trustees to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other Lands, in Terling and Mack Leighs, in the County of Essex, of greater value, to and upon the same Uses,

20. An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St. John of Wapping in the County of Middlesex.

21. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverly, in Huntingtonshire, to be sold.

22. An Act for naturalising Johanna D'Offerel an Infant, and her Sister and Two Brothers, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 6 W. & M.

1. AN Act for granting to their majesties a Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandises exported and imported.

2. An Act for the frequent meeting and calling of Parliaments.

Anno 6 W. 3.

3. An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year and for applying the yearly Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, for Five Years, out of the Duties of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandises exported and imported, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

4. An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries.

Anno 6 & 7 W. 3.

5. An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further or more certain Interest in such Annuities; and in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the same, for raising Monies for carrying on the War against France.

6. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors, and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

7. An act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport Service, for the Reduction of Ireland.

8. An Act for continuing two former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert His Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters, for One Year longer.

9. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts.

10. An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels, and Keel Boats, in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging.

11. An Act for the more effectual suppressing profane Cursing and Swearing.

12. An Act for explaining and regulating several Doubts, Duties, and Penalties in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for ascertaining the Admeasurement of the Tunnage of Ships.

13. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1695; and for repealing the Statute of 2 & 3 Edw. 6. intituled, An Act against shooting of Hail Shot.

14. An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned.

15. An Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions which he might be liable to, by Reason of his discovering to whom he paid and distributed several sums of Money therein mentioned to be received out of the treasure of the East India Company, or for any Prosecution for such Distribution.

16. An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River.

17. An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom.

18. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against Prance.

19. An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir Bazil Firebrace, Charles Bates, Esq; and James Craggs, and restraining them from alienating their Estates.

20. An Act for the King's most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 6 W. & M.

1. AN Act for rebuilding the Town of Warwick, and for determining Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by Reason of the late dreadful Fire there.

2. An Act for supplying certain Defects in the Directions made in and by a Deed of Trust, and the last Will of George Pitt, Esq; deceased, for settling his Estate.

3. An Act for naturalising Barnard Cosserat, alias Maurte, and Alexander Pringli, and others.

Anno 6 & 7 W. 3.

4. An Act for settling diverse Manors and Lands upon the Marriage of the Marquis of Tavistock, Grandson of the Duke of Bedford.

5. An Act to enable the Guardians of James Earl of Salisbury to make Leases of Salisbury House, and some other Hereditaments in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, for Improvement thereof by building.

6. An Act for confirming two Indentures tripartite, the one of Lease, the other of Release, made between the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Thanet Island, of the first Part, the Honourable Sackville Tufton, Esq; of the second Part, and the Honourable William Cheyne, Esq; and Sir Charles Tufton, Knt. of the third Part, and the Estates thereby settled.

7. An Act for the dividing and settling of the Estate of the Coheirs of John late Earl of Rochester, and for discharging Trusts thereupon.

8. An Act for the vesting the Manors of Earls Croome alias Jeffrys Croome, and Baughton in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling the Manor House and Royalty of Wainfleet St. Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, and diverse Lands, Parcel of the said Manor, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; and to enable Sir Robert Berkham, Bart. to make Provision for his younger Children.

9. An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands of Sir Gervase Clifton, Bart. in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children.

10. An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister, and for the impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Marshal, deceased, to imploy Monies for the finishing the said Parish Church.

11. An Act to confirm a Grant made by the Rector of the united Parishes of St. Michael Royal, and St. Martin in the Ventrey, London, of Part of St. Martin's Churchyard.

12. An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Lands of Henry Northly, Esq; lately deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing a Maintenance for his Children.

13. An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John Estoft of Etton, in the County of York, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold towards Payment of the Debts of the said John Estoft, and raising Portions for his Daughters.

14. An Act to enable Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Brian Rogers, late of Falmouth, Merchant, deceased, and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattels, with his Will annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to sell Lands for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Brian Ropers, in Performance of his said Will.

15. An Act for ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture of Lease of Marion Meare, in the County of Lancaster, made by the Earl of Derby and others, to Thomas Fleetwood, Esq;

16. An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements in Trustees, to be sold for the better Provision of the Daughters and Coheirs of Joseph Finch, Esq; deceased.

17. An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands in Kent, and Sussex, of John Carlye, Esq; for the Payment of Debts, and raising of Portions for younger Children, and to supply the Defects of a Conveyance intended for those Purposes.

18. An Act to vest certain Lands of Sir William Chaitor, Bart. in Yorkshire and Durham, to be sold for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children.

19. An Act for enabling Sir Paul Whitchcott, Knt. and Bart. and Dame Jane his Wife, to make Leases for ninety-nine Years, of the Manor of Tooting Graveny, and any of their Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in Tooting Graveney, Tooting Beak, and Streatham, in the County of Surrey, for the better improvement thereof.

20. An Act to enable William Wanley, an Infant under the Age of twenty-one Years, to new build several Messuages or Tenements in Axe-yard, King-street, Westminster, and to enable his Guardian to make one or more Lease or Leases for effecting the same.

21. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jonathan Webb, Esq; for Discharge of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon.

22. An Act to enable Elizabeth Howland, the Widow of John Howland, Esq; deceased, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his sole Daughter and Heir, and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howland for her Life, in lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Josiah Child, and the said Widow Howland, Grandfather and Mother of the said Heir, in disposing of the Personal Estate belonging to her, upon her Preferment in Marriage, though being under the Age of twenty-one Years.

23. An Act for the vesting certain Lands and Tenements, the Estate of George Gilbert Pierce of the Middle Temple, London, Esq; in Trustees, for the raising Monies for the Payment of his Debts.

24. An Act for making salt Water fresh.

25. An Act to enable Trustees of William Gauge, Esq; to raise Money by a Mortgage of Part of his Estate, for the Preservation of the Timber growing thereon.

26. An Act for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare, Bart. lately deceased, to raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children.

27. An Act to enable Peter Gallop, Gent. to sell a Farm and certain Lands called Wantsley, and to vest the Inheritance thereof in fee simple, in such Person or Persons who shall be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him, subject only to the Payment of the Sum of One thousand Pounds Principal Money, with the Interest thereof, due and to grow due unto the executory Estate of Robert Merefield Gent. deceased.

28. An Act for selling the Estate of John Kirk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

29. An Act to enable Hannah Woollaston, Widow, and Jonathan her Son, an Infant, to sell certain Lands and Tenements in Warnford, in the County of Southampton, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, according to the Will of Richard Woollaston, Esq; deceased.

30. An Act for reversing the Attainder of Jacob Leister, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 7 W. 3.

1. AN Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

2. An Act for enlarging the Times to come in and purchase certain Annuities therein mentioned, and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, for carrying on the War against France.

3. An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason.

4. An Act for preventing Charge and Expense in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

5. An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Anno 7 & 8 W. 3.

6. An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes.

7. An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

8. An Act for taking, examining, and stating the public Accounts.

9. An Act for repairing the Highways between the City of London, and the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

10. An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods and other Merchandise imported, for carrying on the War against France.

11. An Act for impowering His Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons, as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against His Royal Person and Government.

12. An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages.

13. An Act for taking off the Obligation and encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned.

14. An Act for making navigable the Rivers of Wye, and Lugg, in the County of Hereford.

15. An Act for the continuing, meeting, and sitting of a Parliament, in case of the Death or Demise of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors.

16. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety six, altho' the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

17. An Act to continue, four former Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

18. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

19. An Act to encourage the bringing plate into the Mint, to be coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

20. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandise.

21. An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

22. An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade.

23. An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert His Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters, for One Year longer.

24. An Act requiring the Practicers of the Law to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned.

25. An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members.

26. An Act for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk.

27. An Act for the better Security of His Majesty's Royal Person and Government.

28. An Act for the more effectually preventing the Exportation of Wool, and for the encouraging the Importation thereof from Ireland.

29. An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating thereto.

30. An Act for laying several Duties upon Low wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

31. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a national Land bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Tonnage of Ships, and upon Coals.

32. An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries.

33. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade.

34. An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

35. An Act for the enforcing the Laws which restrain Marriages without Licence or Banns; and for the better registring Marriages, Births, and Burials.

36. An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned.

37. An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions.

38. An Act to take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their Personal estates by their Wilis.

39. An Act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, and bringing Flax and Hemp into, and the making of Sail cloth in this Kingdom.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 7 W. 3.

1. AN Act for enabling the Lady Katharine Fane to sell the Reversion of certain fee-farm Rents given her by her Grandfather John Bence, Esq;

2. An Act for enabling Sir Thomas Parkyns, Bart. to sell certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in Huby, and Easing-Would, in the County of York, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value in lieu thereof.

3. An act to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount, Bart. to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of his eldest Son.

4. An Act for vesting the Manor of Madely, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for enabling Thomas Stoner, Esq; Son and Heir of John Stoner, Esq; deceased, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate in Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority.

6. An Act for vesting several Messuages and Lands belonging to Samuel Powell, Esq; in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts.

Anno 7 & 8 W 3.

7. An Act to enable Anthony Earl of Kent, and Henry Grey his son and Heir apparent, to make a Jointure for Jemima, Wife of the said Henry Grey.

8. An Act to enable the Lord Francis Pawlet, to charge his Estate with Provisions for his younger Children.

9. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Nicholas Stoughton, and Sir Lawrence Stoughton, Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of their Debts, and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicholas Stoughton.

10. An Act to enable Richard Haynes, Esq; to settle a Jointure on his now Wife, and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stephens, Esq; deceased.

11. An Act for enabling Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir.

12. An Act to enable John Aunger, an Infant, and his Mother, to make a Lease of his Estate for the Improvement thereof.

13. An Act to enable Trustees to fill Part of the Manor of Barkhamstead, and pay off the Incumbrances charged on the same, and to lay out the Overplus in an Estate to be settled as the said Manor is now vested.

14. An Act for naturalising Henry de Nassau, and other Children of Henry de Nassau, Signior du Auverquerque.

15. An Act to enable John Fownes, Esq; to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, which were settled on his Marriage, and to settle other Lands of an equal Value to the same Uses.

16. An Act to enable Trustees to exchange Lands of Sir James Chamberlain, Bart. an Infant, lying in the Common Hill or Field of Salford, in the County of Oxford, for the like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making an Enclosure.

17. An Act to enable the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, to raise upon themselves so much Money as will discharge their Debt for building their Parish Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other public Works there.

18. An Act to ascertain and settle the Payment of the Impropriate Tithes of the Parish of St. Lawrence Old Jury, in London, to the Master and Scholars of Balliol College in Oxford, and for confirming an Award made concerning the same.

19. An Act for naturalising James Stanhope, Esq; and others.

20. An Act for naturalising Solomon Fyme, and others.

21. An Act to confirm and establish an Exchange made between Thomas Rider, Esq; and Christopher Clitherow, Esq; of certain Messuages in London, for the Manors of Bilsington and other Lands in Kent, of the like Value.

22. An Act to enable Trustees to fill up Leases of the respective Estates of Bluet Wallop, Esq; and John Wallop, Gent. during their Minorities, and to purchase other Lands by the Fines thereby to be received, to the same Uses as the Estates so to be leased are already settled.

23. An Act for enabling Trustees to sell the Manor of Pespoole, in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of William Milford, an Infant, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the rest of the said infant's Estate.

24. An Act for impowering the most noble Anne, Duchess of Buckcleugh, and the Right Honourable James Earl of Dalkeith, her Son, of the Kingdom of Scotland, to grant Leases for improving a Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

25. An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money for the making a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquess and Marchioness of Tavistock, at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

26. An Act to naturalise William, commonly called Viscount Tunbridge, and other Children of the Earl of Rockford.

27. An Act for the better Improvement of a House and Ground in Great Queen-street.

28. An Act to enable Trustees to sell a Messuage, Garden, and Out-house, in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, late Sir Robert Sawyers, Knt. deceased, and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An Act for settling diverse Lands and rent charges, on the Rector of the Church of Maydwell, in the County of Northampton, and his Successors; and in lieu thereor for settling other Lands, and discharging Tithes belonging to the said Church, according to several Agreements between the Patron and the said Rector, made upon the enclosing of Lands in Maydwell, and afterwards, with Consent of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in the Court of Chancery.

30. An Act for settling the Personal Estate of Richard Jones, Esq; and Mary Gifford, Spinster, Minors, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for the better supplying the City of Bristol with fresh Water.

32. An Act for erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

33. An Act for making good the last Will of Sir William Barkham, Baronet, deceased, and vesting of Lands in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children.

34. An Act to enable Sir Charles Heron, Bart. to sell Lands for Payment of a Portion and Debts.

35. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Wagstaff, Knt. to raise and secure a Portion for Frances his only Daughter and Heir apparent.

36. An Act for vesting the Moiety of the Manor of Shipton Mallet in the County of Somerset, and divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells in the said County, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon, and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sands, Esq; and her Children.

37. An act for making the Towns of Stretton, and Princethorpe, a separate Parish from Woolston, in the County of Warwick.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson, Esq; in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and for a Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters.

39. An Act for Sale of Lands in Horsington in the County of Somerset, Part of the Estate of William Ridout an Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon, and for preserving the Residue of the Estate for the Infant.

40. An Act for vesting certain Lands of Thomas Bigg and his Wife in Chislet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children.

41. An Act for revesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tutbury, Forest of Needwood, several Manors, Parks, Lands, and Offices, and other Profits thereunto belonging, and for vacating certain Letters Patent therein mentioned.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 8 W. 3.

1. AN Act for the importing and coining Guineas and Half Guineas.

2. An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

3. An Act to explain that Part of an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for laying several Duties on Low wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise, which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the interest thereof.

4. An Act to attaint Sir John Fenwick, Bart. of High Treason.

5. An Act to attaint such of the Persons concerned in the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to Justice, and for continuing several others of the said Conspirators in Custody.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies and other Duties, payable for one Year.

Anno 8 & 9 W. 3.

7. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Paper, Vellum, and Parchment, to encourage the bringing of Plate and hammered Money into the Mints to be coined.

8. An Act for encouraging the bringing in of Wrought Plate to be coined.

9. An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell Hall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the Factors there.

10. An Act to enable the Returns of Juries as formerly, until the first Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety seven.

11. An Act for the better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits.

12. An Act for continuing several additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandises.

13. An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert his Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters, for one Year longer.

14. An Act for compleating the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London, and for repairing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster.

15. An Act for repairing the Highway between Ryegate in the County of Surrey, and Crawley in the County of Sussex.

16. An Act for enlarging common Highways.

17. An Act for paving and regulating the haymarket in the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster.

18. An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making compositions with their Debtors, in Case two Thirds in Number and Value do agree.

19. An Act for repealing a Clause in a former Act relating to Party Guiles, and for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, and others, chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

20. An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising the publick Credit.

21. An Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of three Years, and making other Provision for answering the Deficiencies as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities upon the Lottery, and for Lives, charged on the Tunnage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expense of his Majesty's Household, and other Occasions.

23. An Act to enforce the Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

24. An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage upon Merchandises imported, for the Term of two Years and three Quarters, and an additional Land Tax for one Year, for carrying on the War against France.

25. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision for Payment of the interest of the Transport Debt for the reducing of Ireland.

26. An Act for the better preventing the Counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

27. An Act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cases of Escapes, and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and pretended priviledged Places.

28. An Act for the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer.

29. An Act for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

30. An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

31. An Act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary, Joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in Common.

32. An Act to restrain the Number and ill Practice of Brokers and Stock Jobbers.

33. An Act to make perpetual and more effectual an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

34. An Act for lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same, by a Duty upon Drugs.

35. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety seven, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

36. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Manufacture of Lustrings and Alamodes within this Realm, and for the better preventing the Importation of the same.

37. An Act for explaining and enforcing the Act for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Streets adjoining thereunto; and for widening the Street at the South End of London Bridge.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 8 W. 3.

1. AN Act for naturalising Frederic Christiaen de Rhode called Lord Agbram, and others.

2. An Act for the Settlement of the Manor of Treyagoe in the County of Hereford, and other Lands, late of Crompton Minors, Esq; deceased; and for raising and increasing of the Portion of Theodosia Minors, the Daughter of the said Crompton, she being an Infant of the age of seventeen Years.

3. An Act for vesting the Manor of Holm, alias East-holm, and Swannage in the County of Dorset; Part of the Estate of Sir John Hanham, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging a Mortgage thereupon, and upon the residue of the said Sir John Hanham's Estate; for Payment of his other Debts.

4. An Act for enabling Oliver Neve, of Great Witchingham in the County of Norfolk, Esq; to sell two Houses in London, and for vesting other Lands in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

Anno 8 & 9 W. 3.

5. An Act for enabling James Duke of Ormond to raise Money by Sale of Woods, and make Leases for Lives, renewable for ever, for Payment of Debts, and for encouraging English Plantations in Ireland. And for Charles Lord Weston, Earl of Arran in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of his Estate in the said Kingdom.

6. An Act for the Exchange of certain Advowsons between the Bishop of London and the Earl of Nottingham.

7. An Act for the speedy satisfying the Debts of Francis late Lord Holles, deceased.

8. An Act to enable Sir Ralph Ashton, Baronet, to supply an Omission of Limitation intended in his Marriage Settlement, for the Benefit of his Issue Male.

9. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

10. An Act for settling the Estate of Mary Savile, an Infant, upon her Marriage.

11. An Act to enable the Sale of Lands, late of Jeffery Stockley, in the County of Chester, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and for making Provision for Mary his Daughter.

12. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, late of Charles Milson, deceased, in Trustees, to sell for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and lay out the Surplus Money in a Purchase of Lands for the Use of Edward Milson, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Milson.

13. An Act to enable Nicholas Goodwin the Elder, and Nicholas Goodwin the Younger, to sell the Manor of Winslow in the County of Bucks, and with the Monies arising thereby, and other Monies to be advanced by the said Nicholas Goodwin the Elder, to purchase Lands of a greater yearly Value, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Manor is now settled.

14. An Act for the vesting of certain Lands of William Milward, in the County of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts.

15. An Act for vesting the Estate of Edward Kerrey, Esq; lying in Benocston in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to discharge Incumbrances thereon, and to raise Portions for younger Children; and for confirming the Marriage Settlement of the said Edward Kerrey.

16. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife.

17. An Act for naturalising of John Keyser, and others.

18. An Act to enable Edward Leigh, Esq; and Jane his Wife, and their Trustees, to sell the Manors of Waxham and Horsey, and certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Norfolk, and to purchase and settle other Lands to the same Uses.

19. An Act for vesting and settling certain Estates of William James, Gent. in and upon Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and their Children.

20. An Act for importing several Goods and Merchandises laden in Turkey, on board the Ships called the Success, and Dragon Galley, paying Customs as if imported by English Ships.

21. An Act to enable William Fallows, an Infant, to sell an Estate in the County of Chester, to pay Debts secured by Mortgages.

22. An Act to supply a Defect in an Act for enabling Oliver Neve, Esq; to sell two Houses in London, and for settling Lands in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

23. An Act explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir.

24. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Roger Crowle, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, in regard he (being a Lunatick) could not execute a Power in his Marriage Settlement for that Purpose.

23. An Act to vest certain Lands, late of Samuel Trotman, Esq; deceased, lying in Barking, Eastham, Westham, and Woolwich, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

26. An Act for the speedy Payment of the Debts of Sir William Thomson, Knight, Sergeant at Law.

27. An Act for annulling the marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant, and to direct the Guardianship of the said Infant.

28. An Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of Rowling in Kent, which by Mistake was by general Words comprised in the Marriage Settlement of William Hammond, Gent. contrary to the Meaning of the Parties.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 9 W. 3.

1. AN Act against corresponding with the late King James and his Adherents.

2. An Act to prevent the further Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom, and for recoining such as is now in being; and for the making out new Exchequer Bills, where the former Bills are or shall be filled up by Indorsements.

3. An Act to give further Time for the administering of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders, and for the easier Dispatch of the Public Business in the Exchequer, and in the Bank of England.

4. An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

Anno 9 & 10 W. 3.

5. An Act for satisfying and discharging the arrears of several Annuities which incurred between the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, and the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven.

6. An Act that all Retailers of Salt shall sell by Weight.

7. An Act to prevent the throwing or firing of Squibs, Serpents and other Fire-works.

8. An Act for explaining an Act made the last Session of Parliament for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry.

9. An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work.

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million four hundred eighty-four thousand and fifteen pounds, one Shilling, eleven Pence three Farthings, for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

11. An Act for explaining an act made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying same Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

12. An Act for the enlarging, repairing, and preserving the Bridge and Key of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset.

13. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm.

14. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due for Transport Service for the Reduction of Ireland.

15. An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration.

16. An Act to Execute Judgments and Decrees, saved in a Clause in an Act of the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for talking away the Court held before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales.

17. An Act for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange.

18. An Act for repairing the Highways from the Town of Birdlipp, and the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester.

19. An Act for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester, to Wivenhoe.

20. An Act to naturalise the Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and others, the natural born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War, the parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government.

21. An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the Coin of this Kingdom.

22. An Act to repeal an Act made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to restrain the excessive making of Malt, and to discharge and vacate Orders made by Justices of Peace, by Virtue thereof, for restraining Malsters from making Malt.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Household, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life.

24. An Act for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates or Interests in several Annuities therein mentioned.

25. An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

26. An Act to settle the Trade to Africa.

27. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision of Interest for the Transport Debt for reducing of Ireland.

28. An Act for the exporting Watches, Sword Hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver.

29. An Act to repeal the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in Case two thirds in Number and Value do agree.

30. An Act for increasing his Majesty's Duties upon Lustrings and Alamodes.

31. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

32. An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Blasphemy and Profaneness.

33. An Act to stop the coining of Farthings and Halfpence for one Year.

34. An Act for the more orderly Payment of the Lottery Tickets, now payable out of certain additional Duties of Excise, and of other Annuities lately payable out of the Tunnage Duties.

35. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the charging, collecting, and paying the Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers.

36. An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton.

37. An Act for applying to the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores which were provided for the building seven and twenty Ships of War.

38. An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quarterly Poll, for one Year.

39. An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread, and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers.

40. An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made against transporting of Wool, Fullers Earth and Scouring Clay.

41. An Act for the better preventing the Imbezilment of his Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses in paying Seamens Wages.

42. An Act for enlarging the Time for registring of Ships, pursuant to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade.

43. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Lustring Company, and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Lustrings and Alamodes.

44. An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies.

45. An Act for taking away half the Duties imposed on Glass Wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes; and for granting (in lieu thereof) new Duties upon Whale Fins, and Scotch Linen.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 9 W. 3.

1. AN Act for vesting in Sydenham Baker, Gent. an absolute Estate of Inheritance in fee simple, in a certain Rent, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, and securing to John Baker, Gent. and Henry Baker, an Infant, his Son, Monies in lieu of their Claims thereunto.

Anno 9 & 10 W 3.

2. An Act for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his successors, to Lease the Manor House, and Demesne Lands of Downham, in the Isle of Ely, and for confirming a Lease lately thereof made by the said Bishop, and for clearing the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there.

3. An Act to enable Sir Francis Guybon, and Dame Isabella his Wife, and their Trustees, sell the Manor of Avenalls, and other Lands, in or near Gunthorp, in the County of Norfolk, and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

4. An Act for the Naturalisation of Gerard Maesacker and others.

5. An Act to enable Rebecca Lassells, Widow, to sell Copyhold lands and Houses in Ealing in the County of Middlesex.

6.. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Farrington, Esq; lying in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey (settled upon the Marriage of William Farrington, his Nephew) and with the Monies arising thereby for purchasing of other lands in Lancashire, where the ancient Estate of the Family lies, to be settled to the same Uses.

7. An Act to enable the Trustees of William Knott, Gent. and his Wife, to sell a Lease of Houses in Bread-street, London, for Payment of Debts, and to settle another Estate of better Value in lieu thereof

8. An Act to enable Thomas Kinnersey, Esq; an Infant, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate.

9. An Act for naturalising Dudley Vesey, an Infant.

10. An Act to enable John Lewin to sell certain messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts.

11. An Act for dissolving, the Marriage between Charles Earl of Macclesfield, and Anne his Wife, and to illegitimate the Children of the said Anne.

12. An Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leases of certain Houses and Grounds, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, situate in Chancery lane, for a competent Number of Years.

13. An Act to naturalise Charles May, Esq.

14. An Act to rectify a mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Gardener, Esq.

15. An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named, to make, renew, and fill up Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bamfylde, during the Minority of the said Sir Coppleston Warwick Bamfylde, and John Bampfylde his Brother.

16. An Act for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereon.

17. An Act for erecting hospitals, Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon, and for the better relief of the Poor there.

18. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and Workhouses, within the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, for the better imploying and maintaining the Poor thereof.

19. An Act for confirming and establishing the administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Godolphin, Knight, deceased.

20. An Act for the naturalising of John Francis Fauquire, Joseph Ducasse; and others.

21. An Act for the better enabling Sir Ralph Hare, Baronet, to make a Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Maintenances for his young Children.

22. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Hewit, Esq; lying in the County of Middlesex, settled upon his Marriage, and with money arising thereby, for purchasing other Lands in Leicestershire, where his Estate and seat lies, to be settled to the same Uses.

23. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Wriothesley Baptist, late Earl of Gainsborough, deceased.

24. An Act to annex the Rectory of Whitborne, in Herefordshire, to the Bishop of Hereford.

25. An Act for the better settling the several Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Lisburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Lady Viscountess Lisburne, his Wife.

26. An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Turner, Esq; his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest, upon their Estate.

27. An Act for the vesting several Lands, late belonging to Robert Smith, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts.

28. An act for vesting the Manors of Bailwick and Eaviles, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Houghton, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Debts charged thereon, and for settling another Estate in lieu thereof.

29. An Act to enable Streynsham Master, Esq; to sell Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Marriage Articles, and to convey Lands in Derbyshire of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

30. An Act to enable Paris Slaughter, William Druce, Merchants, and Dame Elizabeth Chapman, to import several Bales of fine Italian thrown Silk into this Kingdom.

31. An Act for settling certain Lands in Essex. on Thomas Burgh, Esq; and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands of greater Value, conveyed by him, according to the Decree and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceased.

32. An Act for vesting certain customary Messuages and Lands within the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Dorset (late the Estate of Thomas Damis, Gent. deceased) in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

33. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and Workhouses, within the City and County of the city of Exon, for the better imploying and maintaining the Poor there.

34. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and Workhouses, within the City of Hereford, for the better imploying and maintaining the Poor there.

35. An Act to rectify some Mistakes in an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Lewin to sell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts.

36. An Act for vesting a Moiety of certain Messuages and Lands in Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Susanna Cary, Widow and Relict of Nicholas Cary, Esq; and others.

37. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and workhouses, within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for better imploying and maintaining the Poor thereof.

38. An Act to naturalise William Lloyd, Esq; and others.

39. An Act to confirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill, Knight, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, pursuant to his last Will, and Two Decrees in Chancery, for the Performance thereof.

40. An Act for vesting the Manor of Alveston, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for confirming a Lease made by the Lord Bishop of Winton, of a Parcel of waste Ground in Alverstock, in the County of Southampton, for the erecting of Waterworks there, and for improving the same.

42. An Act for securing the Portions intended by Sir William Walter, Baronet, deceased, for his Children by the Lady Mary Walter, his second Wife, and for preventing all Doubts which might arise upon the Construction of the Articles and Will therein mentioned.

43. An Act for Relief of the Creditors of Edward Backwell, Esq; deceased

44. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, and elsewhere in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Diana Cecil, and her Heirs.

45. An Act to confirm a Conveyance made by George Pitt, Esq; and others, of the Manors of Arrant, Preston, and other Lands in the County of Dorset, to John Pitt, Gent. and the Heirs Male of his Body.

46. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tine with fresh Water.

47. An Act for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Imployment and Maintenance of the Poor there.

48. An Act for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Shaftsbury, and for the better Imployment and Maintenance of the Poor.

49. An Act for naturalising of Peter Garon, and others.

50. An Act for naturalising Henry Reneu, and others.

51. An Act that the Ships Panther, Gloucester Frigate, Scarborough, and Antelope (formerly taken as Prizes, and condemned), may have Freedom of trading as English built Ships.

52. An Act for giving Leave to the Ship Maryland Merchant of Bristol, to arrive and import her Lading into this Kingdom.

53. An Act that the Ships called Ruby Prize, and Plimouth, may have Freedom of trading as English built Ships.

54. An Act for vesting a Copperas-work, late Part of the Estate of Robert Mascall, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon.

55. An Act for Sale of Three Houses in Swan Alley in Coleman street, London, late of Joseph Smith, deceased, for payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable.

56. An Act to enable John Jenkyn Merchant, to sell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

57. An Act to enable John Hawkes Gent. to sell Lands in the County of Salop, for the Payment of his Debts.

58. An Act to enable Humphry Walrond Gent. to sell Part of his Estate, for the making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter (who are Lunaticks) and Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his other Children.

59. An act to give Leave to the Ship Sally Rose (formerly taken as Prize) to arrive and import her Lading, and to trade as an English built Ship.

60. An Act for vesting in Thomas Rogers Gent. an absolute Estate of Inheritance in fee simple, in the Manor of Westcourt, Mansion House, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent; and securing to John Higgons Gent. and Alice his Wife, and for Portions for Irene, Margaret, Mary, and Alice Caesar, Monies in lieu of their Claims thereunto.

61. An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases, and grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits of the Estates late of Sir Edward Wyndham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton Wyndham Esq; deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned.

62. An Act to enable Humphry Trafford Esq; to raise Four thousand Pounds upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni JACOBI Regis Angliae, Scotiae, Franciae & Hiberniae,

VIZ.

Angliae Franciae & Hibernae secundo [vulgo primo] & Scotiae tricesimo septimo.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the nineteeth Day of March in the first Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord James, by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and of Scotland the seven and thirtieth, and there continued until the seventh Day of July one thousand six hundred four, and then prorogued until the seventh of February next following: To the high Pleasure of Almighty God, and the Weal publick of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

A most joyful and just Recognition of the immediate, lawful and undoubted Succession, Descent and Right of the Crown.

[A recognition that the crown of England is lawfully descended unto King James, his Progeny and Posterity.]

[The Benefits ensuing by Conjunction of the Houses of York and Lancaster.]

GREAT and manifold were the Benefits (most dread and most gracious Sovereign) wherewith Almighty God blessed this Kingdom and Nation by the happy Union and Conjunction of the two noble Houses of York and Lancaster, thereby preserving this noble Realm, formerly torn and almost wasted with long and miserable Dissension and bloody civil War;

[The Uniting of England and Scotland in the King's Person.]

(2) but more inestimable and tended unto unspeakable Blessings are thereby poured upon us, because there is derived and grown from and out of that Union of those two princely Families, a more famous and greater Union (or rather a Re-uniting) of two mighty, famous and ancient Kingdoms (yet anciently but one) of England and Scotland, under one Imperial Crown, in your most Royal Person, who is lineally, rightfully and lawfully descended of the Body of the most excellent Lady Margaret, eldest Daughter of the most renowned King Henry the Seventh, and the High and Noble Princess Queen Elizabeth his Wife, eldest Daughter of King Edward the Fourth; the said Lady Margaret being eldest Sister of King Henry the Eighth, Father of the High and Mighty Princess of famous Memory, Elizabeth late Queen of England:

[The Acknowledgement of the King's Title, and the Love of his subjects shewd by several Means.]

II. In Consideration whereof albiet we your Majesty's Loyal and Faithful Subjects, of all Estates and Degrees, with all possible and publick Joy and Acclamation, by open Proclamations within few Hours after the Decease of our late Sovereign Queen, acknowledging thereby with one full Voice of Tounge and Heart, That your Majesty was our only lawful and rightful Liege Lord and Sovereign, by our unspeakable and general Rejoycing and Applause at your Majesty's most happy Inauguration and Coronation, by the affectionate Desire of infinite Numbers of us, of all Degrees, to see your Royal Person, and by all possible outward Means have endeavoured to make Demonstration of our inward Love, Zeal and Devotion to your most excellent Majesty, our undoubtful rightful Liege Sovereign Lord and King: (2) Yet as we cannot do it too often, or enough, so can there be no Means or Ways so fit, both to sacrifice our unfeigned and hearty Thanks to Almighty God, for blesssing us with a Sovereign adorned

2 C. 2. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

with the rarest Gifts of Mind and Body, in such admirable Peace and Quietness, and upon the Knees of our Hearts to agnize our most constant Faith, Obedience and Loyalty to your Majesty and your Royal Progeny, as in this High Court of Parliament, where all the whole Body of the Realm, and every particular Member thereof, either in Person or by Representation (upon their own free Elections) are by the Laws of this Realm deemed to be personally present in.

[Several Causes that have bound all Subjects to the Love and Obedience of the King.]

III. To the Acknowledgment whereof to your Majesty, we are the more deeply bounden and obliged, as well in regard of the extraordinary Care and Pains which with vo great Wisdom, Knowledge, Experience and Dexterity, your Majesty (sithence the Imperial Crown of this Realm descended to you) have taken for the Continuance and Establishment of the blessed Peace both of the Church of England in the true and sincere Religion, and of the Commonwealth by due and speedy Administration of Justice, as in respect of the gracious Care and inward Affection which it pleased you on the first Day of this Parliament so lively to express by your own Words, so full of high Wisdom, Learning and Virtue, and so repleat with Royal and thankful Acceptation of all our faithful and constant Endeavours, which is and ever will be to our inestimable Consolation and Comfort.

[Causes of Thanksgiving to God for the King and his Progeny.]

IV. We therefore your most humble and Loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do from the Bottom of our Hearts, yield to the Divine Majesty all humble Thanks and Praises, not only for the said unspeakable and inestimable Benefits and-Blessings above-mentioned, but also that he hath further enriched your Highness with a most Royal Progeny of most rare and excellent Gifts and Forwardness, and in his Goodness is likely to increase the happy Number of them: (2) And in most humble and lowly Manner do beseech your most excellent Majesty, that (as a Memorial to all Posterities, amongst the Records of your High Court of Parliament for ever to endure, of our Loyalty, Obedience and hearty and humble Affection) (3) it may be published and declared in this High Court of Parliament, and enacted by Authority of the same, That we (being bounden thereunto both by the Laws of God and Man) do recognize and acknowledge (and thereby express our unspeakable Joys)

[Immediately upon Queen Elizabeth's Death the Crown of England, &c. descended to the King by lawful Birthright and Descent.]

That immediately upon the Dissolution and Decease of Elizabeth late Queen of England, the Imperial Crown of the Realm of England, and of all the Kingdoms, Dominions and Rights belonging to the same, did by inherent Birthright, and lawful and undoubted Succession, descend and come to your most excellent Majesty, as being lineally, justly and lawfully, next and sole Heir of the Blood Royal of this Realm as is aforesaid; and that by the Goodnevs of God Almighty, and; lawful Right of Descent, under one Imperial Crown, your Majesty is of the Realms and Kingdoms of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, the most potent and mighty King, and by God's Goodness more able to protest and govern us your loving Subjects in all Peace and Plenty, than any of your noble Progenitors: (5) And thereunto we most humbly and faithfully do submit and oblige ourselves, our Heirs: and Posterities for ever, until the last Drop of our Bloods be spent: And do beseech your Majesty to accept the same, as the First fruits in this High Court of Parliament, of our Loyalty and Faith to your Majesty, and your Royal Progeny and Posterity for ever: (6) Which if your Majesty shall be pleased (as an Argument of your gracious Acceptation) to adorn with your Majesty's Royal Assent, without which it can neither be compleat and perfect, nor remain to all Posterity, according to our most humble Desire, (as a Memorial of your princely and tender Affection towards us) we shall add this also to the Rest or your Majesty's unspeakable and inestimable Benefits.

CAP. II.

An Act authorising certain Commissioners of England to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms.

[3 Jac. 1. C. 3. 4 Jac. 1. C. 1. 22 Car. 2. C. 9.]

[EXP.]

WHEREAS his most excellent Majestie hath beene pleased, out of his great Wisedome and Judgement, not only to represent unto us by his owne prudent and princely Speech on the first Day of this Parliament, how much he desired, (in regard of his inward, and gracious Affection to both the famous and ancient Realmes of England and Scotland, now united in Allegeance and Loyal subjection in his Royal Person, to his Majestie and his Posterity for ever) that by a speedy, mature and found Deliberation, such a further Union might follow, as should make perfect that mutuall Love and Uniformity of Manners and Customes, which Almighty God in his Providence for the Strength and Sastie of both Realmes hath already so far begun in apparent Sight of all the World, but also hath vouchsafed to expresse many Ways, now farre it is, and ever shall be from his Royall and sincere Care and Affection to the Subjects of England, to alter and innovate the fundamental and ancient Lawes, Priviledges and good Customes of this Kingdome, whereby not onely his Regall Authority, but the People's Security of Lands, Livings and Priviledges (both in generall and particular) are preserved and maintained, and by the Abolishing or Alteration of the which, it is impossible but that present Confusion will fall upon the whole State and Frame of this Kingdome.

II. Forasmuch as his Majesties humble, faithful and loving Subjects, have not onely conceived the Weight of his Majesties Reasons, but apprehend to their unspeakable Joy and Comfort, his plaine, cleere and gracious Intention, to seek no other Changes or Alteration, but of such particular, temporary or indifferent Manner of Statutes and Customes, as may both prevent and extinguish all and every future Questions, or unhappy Accidents, by which the present and constant Love and Friendship and Quietnesse between the Subjects of both the Realmes aforesaid, may be compleated and confirmed, and

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 3, 4. 3

also performe and accomplish that real and effectuall Union already inherent in his Majesties Royal Blood and Person, and now desired by his Majesty to be performed and brought to an End, for the Weale of both Kingdomes, by this Course following,&c.

CAP. III.

An Act against the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishopricks and Bishopricks, and for Avoiding of Dilapidations of the same.

[All Assurances made to the King of the lands of Bishops shall be void.]

WHEREAS all the Archbishopricks and Bishopricks within this Realm of England, were in ancient Times founded by his Majesty's most noble Progenitors, Kings of this Realm, and in Respect thereof, his Majesty is lawful and rightful Patron of all and every of the same:

[By the Statute of 1. El. c. 19. no Bishop can make any Lease of his Land but for 21 years, or three lives, to a subject.]

(2) And where also by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, no Archbishop or Bishop can make any Conveyance, Assurance or Estate whatsoever, of any Honours, Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments. Parcel of the Possessions of his Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, or united, appertaining or belonging to any of the same, to any Subject whatsoever, whereby any Estate should or might pass from any Archbishop or Bishop, other than for Term of one and twenty Years, or three Lives, with such Reservations of Rent, and in such Manner and Form, as by the Laws and Statutes are provided: (3) His most excellent Majesty understanding that divers Persons have with great Suit and Importunity sought to frustrate the true End and Intent of the said good Laws and Statutes in that Behalf, of his Christian and Princely Piety and Care, minding so to patronize and protect the said Possessions from Alienation or Diminution, as that the same may, according to the true Intent of the Founders, remain and continue in Succession to the Archbishops and Bishops of this Realm and their Successors, for the better Maintenance of God's true Religion, Keeping of Hospitality, and Avoiding of Dilapidations, and thereby forever hereafter to avoid all Suits and Importunities for or concerning any of the said Possessions, hath out of his own meer and godly Motion, and of his blessed Disposition for the publick Good, without all Regard of any private Respect, vouchsafed and is pleased. That it may be enacted and established by his Majesty, by and with the Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled:

[No Bishop shall assure his land to the King. 10 Co. 62. 11 Co. 71.]

II. And be it enacted and established by Authority of the same, That every Archbishop and Bishop within this Realm, and their and every of their Successors, shall be from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, for ever wholly and utterly disabled in Law, to make, do, levy or suffer any Act or Acts, Thing or Things, whereby or by Means whereof, any of the said Honours, Castles, Honnors. Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or any Part of them, or any of them, shall or may be aliened, assured, given, granted, demised, charged, or in any Sort conveyed to our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs or Successors: (2) And that all Alienations, Assurances, Gifts, Grants, Leases, Charges and Conveyances whatsoever, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, to be done, suffered or made to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs or Successors, by any Archbishop or Bishop, or their or any of their Successors, of or out of any of the said Possessions, or of or out of any Part or Parcel of them or any of them, and all and every Confirmation and Confirmations of the same, shall be from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament utterly void and of none Effect, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes; any former Law, Statute, Ad, Ordinance or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Co. Litt. 44. a.]

CAP. IV.

An Act for the due Execution of the Statutes against Jesuits, Seminary Priests, Recusants, &c.

FOR the better and more due Execution of the Statutes heretofore made, as well against Jesuits, Seminary Priests, and other such like Priests, as also against all Manner of Recusants;

[Statutes made in the Reign of Qu. Elizabeth shall be put into Execution. In what Case a Recusant's Heir shall be charged, in what not. Going into Seminaries. 3 Inst 178. 1 Eliz. c 1. 5 Eliz. c. 1. 13 Eliz. c. 2. 23 Eliz. c. 1. 27 Eliz. c. 2, 29 Eliz. c. 6. 35 Eliz. c. 1, 2.]

(2) Be it ordained and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every the Statutes heretofore made in the Reign of the late Queen of famous Memory, Elizabeth, as well against Jesuits, Seminary Priests and other Priests, Deacons, Religious and Ecclesiastical Persons whatsoever, made, ordained or professed, or to be made, ordained or professed, by any Authority or Jurisdiction derived, challenged or pretended from the See of Rome, as those which do in any wise concern the withdrawing of the King's Subjects from their due Obedience, and the Religion now professed, and the Taking of the Oath of Obedience unto the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, together with all those made in the said late Queen's Time, against any Manner of Recusants, shall be put in due and exact Execution.

[2 Bulstr. 324. A Recusant conforming himself shall be discharged. Raym. 465, 466.]

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That if any that is or shall be a Recusant shall submit or reform him or herself, and become obedient to the Laws and forming himself Ordinances of the Church of England, and repair to the Church, and continue there during the Time of the Divine Service and Sermons, according to the true Meaning of the Statutes in that Behalf, in the said late Queen's Time made and provided. That then every such Person for and during such Time as he or she shall so continue in such Conformity and Obedience, shall from thenceforth be freed and discharged of and from any the Penalties and Losses which the same Person might otherwise sustain and bear in Respect or by Reason of such Person's Recusancy.

C 4. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

III. And if any Recusant shall hereafter die, his Heir being no Recusant, That in every such Case, every such Heir shall be freed and discharged of all and singular the Penalties, Charges and Incumbrances, happening upon him or her in Respect or by Reason of his or her Ancestor's Recusancy: (2) And if at the Decease of any such Recusant, his Heir shall happen to be a Recusant, and after shall become conformable and obedient to the Laws and Ordinances of the Church of England, and repair to the Church, and continue there during the Time of the Divine Service and Sermons,

[1 Eliz. c. 1.]

according to the Intent and true Meaning of the said Statutes and Ordinances in that Behalf made as is aforesaid, and also shall take the Oath of Supremacy in such Sort as that Oath is expressed in one Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, before the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese; That in every such Case, every such Heir shall be freed. and discharged of all and singular the Penalties, Charges and Incumbrances, happening upon him or her in Respect or by Reason of any of his or her Ancestor's Recusancy.

[A Recusant's Heir within Age at the Time of his Ancestor's Death.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That if the Heir of any Recusant shall happen to be within the Age of sixteen Years at the Time of the Decease of his or Ancestor, and shall after his or her said Age of sixteen Years, become or be a Recusant, that in every such Case, any such Heir shall not be freed or discharged of all or any of the Penalties, Charges and Incumbrances happening upon him or her in Respect or by Reason of any of his or her Ancestor's Recusancy, until he or she shall submit or reform him or herself, and become obedient to the Laws and Ordinances of the Church of England, and repair to the Church, and continue there during the Time of Divine Service and Sermons, according to the Intent and true Meaning of the said Statutes and Ordinances in that Behalf as is aforesaid, and shall take the said Oath of Supremacy in Manner and Form afore expressed; and yet nevertheless, from and after such Submission and Oath had and taken, every such Heir shall be freed and discharged of all and singular the Penalties, Charges and Incumbrances happening upon him or her in Respect or by Reason of any of his or her Ancestors Recusancy.

[A third part of his Living shall remain clear to a Recusant. 29 Eliz. c. 6.]

V. And be it further enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That where any Seizure shall be his Living shall had of the two Parts of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Leases or Farms, for the not Payment of the twenty Pounds, due and payable for each Month, according to the Statute[2] in that Case lately made and provided; That in every such Case, every such two Parts shall, according to the Extent thereof, go towards the Satisfaction and Payment of the twenty Pounds due and payable for each Month, and unpaid by any such Recusant: (2) And that the third Part thereof shall not be extended or seized by the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for not Payment of the said twenty Pounds payable for each Month forfeited or lost by any such Recusant:

[The two parts of a Recusant's Lands, after his Death, shall remain in the King's Hands until he be satisfies of the Arrearages.]

(3) And where any such Seizure shall be had of the two Parts of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Leases or Farms of any such Recusant as is aforesaid, and such Recusant shall die, (the Debt or Duty, by Reason of his Recusancy, not paid, satisfied or discharged) that in every such Case, the same two Parts shall continue in his Majesty's Possession, until the Residue or Remainder of the said Debt or Duty be thereby or otherwise paid, satisfied or discharged: (4) And that his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall not seize or extend any third Part descending to any such Heirs or any Part thereof, either by Reason of the Recusancy of his or her Ancestor, or of the Recusancy of any such Heir.

[None shall go or send any other to a Seminary &c. 3 Jac. 1. c. 5.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every Person and Persons under the King's Obedience, which at any Time (after the End of this Session of Parliament) shall pass or go, or shall send or cause to be sent, any Child, or other Person under their or any of their Government, into any the Parts beyond the Seas, out of the King's Obedience, to the Intent to enter into, or to be resident in any College, Seminary or house of Jesuits, Priests or any other Popish Order, Profession or Calling whatsoever, or repair in or to any the same, to be instructed, perswaded or strengthened in the Popish Religion, or in any Sort to profess the same; every such Person so sending or causing to be sent, any Child or other Person, beyond the Seas to any such Purpose or Intent, shall for every such Offence forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one hundred Pounds:

[Farther provisons relating hereto, 3 Car. 1. c. 2. sect 1.]

(2) And every such Person so passing or being sent beyond the Seas to any such Intent or Purpose as is aforesaid, shall by Authority of this present Act, as in Respect of him or herself only, and not to or in Respect of any of his Heirs or Posterity, be disabled and made incapable to inherit, purchase, take, have or enjoy any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Annuities, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, Duties, Legacies or Sums of Money, within this Realm of England, or any other his Majesty's Dominions: (3) And that all and singular Estates, Terms, and other Interests whatsoever hereafter to be made, suffered or done, to or for the Use or Behoof of any such Person or Persons, or upon any Trust or Confidence, mediately or immediately, to or for the Benefit or Relief of any such Person or Persons shall be utterly void and of none Effect, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes.

[They who be in Seminaries shall return. 27 Eliz c. 2.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person born within this Realm return or any the King's Majesty's Dominions, be at this present in any College, Seminary, House or Place in any Parts beyond the Seas, to the End to be instructed or strengthened in the Popish Religion, which shall not make Return into this Realm, or some of his Majesty's Dominions, within one Year next coming after the End of this Session of Parliament, and submit himself as is aforesaid,

[Explained by 3 Geo. 1. c. 18 sect 4.]

shall be in respect of himself only, and not to or in Respect of any of his Heirs or Posterity, utterly disabled and incapable to inherit, have or enjoy any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or other Things aforesaid, within this Realm or any other his Majesty's Dominions.

[A remedy for such as do return into the Realm, and become conformable to the laws.]

(2) Provided always, That if any such Person or Child so passing, sent, sending, or now being, beyond the Seas as aforesaid, to such Intent as is before-mentioned, shall after become conformable, and obedient unto the Laws and Ordinances of the Church of England, and shall repair to the Church, and there remain and be as is aforesaid, and continue in such Conformity, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Statutes and Ordinances;

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 5, 6. 5

that in every such Case every such Person and Child, for and during such Time as he or she shall so continue in such Conformity and Obedience, shall be freed and discharged of all and every such Disability and Incapacity as is before mentioned.

[No Woman or Child shall pass over the sea without License. 3. Jac. 1. c. 5.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no Woman, nor No Woman or any Child under the Age of one and twenty Years (except Sailors or Ship-boys, or the Apprentice or Factor of some Merchant in Trade of Merchandize) shall be permitted to pass over the Seas (except the same shall be by Licence of the King, his Heirs or Successors, or of some six or more of the King's Privy Council, thereunto first had under their Hands)

[The Forfeiture of those that sufffer them to pass. Altered by 11 & 12 W. 3. c. 4.]

(2) upon Pain that the Officers of the Port that shall willingly or negligently suffer any such so to pass, or shall not enter the Names of such Passengers licenced, shall forfeit his Office, and all his Goods and Chattels; (3) and upon Pain that the Owner of any Ship or Vessel that shall wittingly or willingly carry any such over the Seas without Licence as is aforesaid, shall forfeit his Ship or Vessel and all the Tackle: (4) And every Master or Mariner of or in any such Ship or Vessel offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit all their Goods, and suffer Imprisonment by the Space of twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

[The Forfeiture for being or keeping a school-master contrary to this Act. Carthew 461. 1 Ventr. 41. Farther provisions realating hereto 1. Jac 1. c. 4. 3. Jac. 1. c. 4.5. 7 Jac. 1. c. 6. 25 Car. 2. c. 2. And see 16 Geo 2.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next shall keep any School, or be a School-master, out of any the Universities or Colleges of this Realm, except it be in some publick or free Grammar-School, or in some such Nobleman's or Noblewoman's, or Gentleman's or Gentlewoman's House, as are not Recusants, or where the same School-master shall be specially licenced thereunto by the Archbishop, Bishop or Guardian of the Spiritualties of that Diocese; (2) upon Pain that as well the School-master, as also the Party that shall retain or maintain any such School-master contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act shall forfeit each of them for every Day so wittingly offending, forty Shillings. (3) The one Half of all the Penalties and Sums of Money before-mentioned to be forfeited, to be to the King, his Heirs and Successors, the other to him or them that shall or will sue for the same, in any the Courts of Record in Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

CAP. V.

An Act to prevent the over charge of the People by Stewards of Court-Leets and Court Barons.

[The Steward of Court shall take no benefit of the Lord's Profits.]

WHEREAS the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and other his Highness Subjects of this Realm of England and Wales, have in divers Places of the same many Franchises, Jurisdictions, Privileges and Liberties to keep Court-Leets or Court-Barons, for the true Administration of Justice, and to the Punishing and Suppressing of Offences;

[How the Profits and Requisites of Courts-Baron and Leets have been collected.]

the Profits and Perquisites of which Courts have heretofore been used to be levied and collected by the Bailiff or other Minister of such Court, and by him accounted for to his Highness Progenitors, or other Lords or Ladies of such Courts and Manors, and as of Right it ought so to be:

[Opressions done to many for the Private gain of Stewards of Court.]

(2) But now by Reason of the great Increase of People, the said Profits and Perquisites of Courts are grown to be of a better yearly than in ancient Time it hath been, divers that are now Stewards of such Courts have heretofore in their own Names, or in the Names of some other to their Use, obtained and gotten divers Grants of all the private Gain of Profits and Perquisites of such Courts whereof they are Stewards, whereby many of his Majesty's Subjects are unjustly vexed, and by grievous Fines and Amerciaments unduly punished, greatly to the wronging and impoverishing of the Tenants and Inhabitants where such Stewards are, proceeding out of a greedy Desire to make and obtain an undue and extraordinary Gains to themselves:

[A Steward of court shall not take Benefit by the Profit of the same Court.]

(3) It is therefore by the Authority of this present Parliament established and enacted, That no Steward, Deputy-Steward, or other Under-Steward of any the Courts aforesaid, shall directly or indirectly, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other, from and after the Expiration of one Year next after the End of this same Sesson of this present Parliament, take, receive, or make Benefit to his own Use, in Money, Goods, or any other Thing, to the Value of Twelve-pence or more, by Virtue or Colour of any Demise or Grant hereafter to be made of any the Profits or Perquisites, or Amerciaments of any such Courts whereof they are Steward, which rightfully shall belong to the Lords of the same; (4) upon Pain that every Steward offending contrary to the Tenor of this present Act of Parliament, shall for every such his Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds, and to be disabled ever after to be Steward of such Court, or of any other; (5) the one half of the Forfeiture to be to our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the other Half to any of his Majesty's Subjects that shall complain in any of his Highness Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which Suit no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or other dilatory Plea shall be allowed.

CAP. VI.

An Act made for the Explanation of the Statute made in the fifth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth's Reign, concerning Labourers.

[Rating of the Wages of Artifacers, Labourers, &c. according to the Statute of 5. Eliz. c. 4.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth of famous Memory, intituled, An Act touching divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices, it was provided and enacted by the Authority of the same Parliament, for the Declaration and Limitation what Wages Servants, Labourers and

6 C. 6. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

[The Penalty of a Clothier refusing to obey the Assesment.]

Artificers, either by the Year or Day, or otherwise, should have and receive, That the Justices of Peace of every Shire, Riding or Liberty, within the Limits of their several Commissions, or the more Part of them, being then resident within the same, and the Sheriff of that County, if he conveniently may, and every Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, within any City or Town Corporate, wherein is any Justice of Peace within the Limits of the said City or Town Corporate and of the said Corporation, should before the tenth Day of June next coming, and afterwards should yearly at every General Sessions first to be holden and kept after Easter, or at some Time convenient within six Weeks next following every of the said Feast of Easter, assemble themselves together;

[A Rehearsal of the said Statute.]

(2) and they so assembled, calling unto them such discreet and grave Persons of the said County, or of the said City or Town Corporate, as they shall think meet, and conferring together, respecting the Plenty or Scarcity of the Time, and other Circumstances necessarily to be considered, should have Authority by Virtue thereof, within the Limits or Precincts of their several Commissions, to limit, rate and appoint the Wages, as well of such and so many of the said Artificers, Handicraftsmen, Husbandmen, or any other Labourer, Servant or Workman, whose Wages in Time past hath been by any Law or Statute rated and appointed;

[Rating of Wages by the Year, Day, Week or Month or by the Great.]

(3) and also the Wages of all other Labourers, Artificers, Workmen or Apprentices of Husbandry which have not been rated, as they the same Justices, Mayors, or Head Officers within their several Commissions or Liberties should think meet by their Discretions to be rated, limited or appointed, by the Year or by the Day, Week, Month or otherwise, with Meat and Drink, or without Meat and Drink; (4) and what Wages every Workman should take by the Great for Mowing, Reaping or Thrashing of Corn and Grain, and for Mowing and Making of Hay, or for Ditching, Paling, Railing or Hedging by the Rod, Pearch, Lugge, Yard, Pole, Rope, or Foot, and for any other kind of reasonable Labours or Service; (5) and should yearly before the twelfth Day of July next after the said Assessment and Rate so appointed and made, certify the same ingrossed in Parchment, with the Considerations and Causes thereof, under their Hands and Seals, into the said Queen's most honourable Court of Chancery, to the End that Proclamation should be made in the Name of the Queen's Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for observing of the same Rates, in such Sort, Manner and Form as in the said Act more at large is declared.

[A Question moved upon the Statute of 5 Eliz. c. 4. whose Wages the Justices may rate.]

II. And whereas the said Act hath not according to the true Meaning thereof, been duly put in Execution, whereby the Rates of Wages for poor Artificers, Labourers and other Persons, whole Wages was meant to be rated by the said Act, have not been rated and proportioned according to the Plenty, Scarcity, Necessity, and Respect of the Time, which was politickly intended by the said Act; (2) by reason that Ambiguity and Question have risen and been made, whether the rating of all manner Artificers. Workmen and Work-women, his and their Wages, other than such as by some Statute and Law have been rated, or else such as did work about Husbandry, should or might be rated by the said Law: Forasmuch as the said Law hath been found beneficial for the Commonwealth;

[5 Eliz. c. 4. Labourers, Weavers, Spinners and Workmens Wages may be rated by the Justices.]

III. Be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That the said Statute, and the Authority by the same Statute given to any Person or Persons for assessng and rating of Wages and the Authority to them in the said Act committed, shall be expounded and construed and shall by Force of this Act give Authority to all Persons having any such Authority, to rate Wages of any Labourers, Weavers, Spinsters, and Work-men or Work-Women whatsoever, either working by the Day, Week, Month, Year, or taking any Work at any Person or Persons Hand whatsoever, to be done in Great or otherwise.

IV. And whereas in divers Shires within this Realm, the Justices of Peace have not usually kept their General Sessions in one Place of the Shire together, but the General Sessions have been kept in several Places ("or several Divisions, by reason whereof the most Part of the Justices of the Peace coming not together, no rating of Wages could be well made in the said Shire where such General Sessions have been used; and for other Respects

[Rates of Wages where Sessions be kept in several Parts of the Shire.]

V. Be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That the Justices of Peace, or the more Part be of them, resiant in any Shire, or in any Riding, Liberty or Division, where such Sessions have been usually severally kept, shall at any General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same Shire, Division, Riding or Liberty, or at such Time of rating of Wages as is limited by the said Act made in the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, have as full Authority and Power to rate all manner of Wages to be rated within such Shire, and within the Limits of such Division, in any such Shire, Riding or Liberty, as if the same were done in the General Sessions for the said County, or by the most Part of the Justices meeting for the rating of Wages by

[5 Eliz. c. 4.]

the said Act of the fifth Year of the late Queen, for the Wages mentioned in the same Act.

[Proclamations shall be made by the Sheriff of the Rates of Wages.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That after the Rates made for Wages, and engrossed in Parchment under the Hands and Seals of them having Authority to rate the same, it shall and may be lawful to the Sheriff of the said County, or to the Mayor or Chief Officer or Officers of any City or Town Corporate, to cause Proclamation to be made of the several Rates so rated, in so many Places within their Authorities as to them shall seem convenient, and as if the same had been set down printed by the Lord Chancellor or Keeper, after Declaration thereof to his Majesty, and Certificate of the same into the King's most Honourable Court of Chancery: (2) And that every Person and Persons shall be bound to observe the said Rates in giving and receiving Wages, upon the Pains and Punishments mentioned in the said Act to be recovered, or Punishment inflicted, as in the said Act is mentioned.

[The Forfeiture of a Clothier not paying the Wages rated to his Workmen.]

VII. And furthermore, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clothier or other shall refuse to Obey the said Order, Rate and Assessment of Wages as aforesaid, and shall not pay so much or so great Wages, to their Weavers, Spinsters, Workmen or Work-women, as shall be so set down, rated and appointed, according to the true Meaning of this Act; That then every Clothier and other Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and loss for every such Offence to the Party grieved, ten Shillings:

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 7-9. 7

(2) And that if the said Offence and Offences of not paying so much or so great Wages to their said Workmen, Work-women and others, shall be confessed by the Offender, or that the same shall be proved by two sufficient and lawful Witnesses before the Justices of Peace in their Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, the Justices of Assize in their Sessions, or before any two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum; That then every such Person shall forthwith stand and be in Law convicted thereof: (3) Which said Forfeiture of ten Shillings shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant from the said Justices before whom any such Conviction shall be had; which Sale shall be good in Law against any such Offender and Offenders.

[The Rates of Wages need not to be certified into the Chancery, but proclaimed in the County. 5. Eliz. c. 4.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall incur any Danger or Penalty for not making Certificate unto the King's most Honourable Court of the Chancery, of any Rates of Wages appointed to be certified by the said Act made in the said fifth Year of the said late Queen, so as the same according to the true Intent of this Law; (2) but the said Rates ingrossed in Parchment and sealed as aforesaid shall, if the same be in any Shire, be kept by the Custos Rotulorum of the said County, amongst the Records in his Custody for the said Shire, and in any City or Town Corporate, amongst the Records of the said City or Town Corporate.

[The Continuance of this Act.]

(3) This Act to continue until the End of the next Parliament.

[A Clothier being a Justice of peace shall be no Rater of Wages for Spinsters, &c.]

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Clothier being a Justice of Peace in any Precinct or Liberty, shall be any Rater of any Wages for any Weaver, Tucker, Spinster or other Artizan that dependeth upon the making of Cloth: (2) And in Case there be not above no Rater of the Number of two Justices of the Peace within such Precinct or Liberty, but such as are Clothiers; That in such Case, the same Wages shall be rated and assessed by the major Part of the Common Council of such Precinct or Liberty, and such Justice or Justices of Peace (if any there be) as are not Clothiers

[3 Car. 1. C 4. Continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Continuance and explanation of the Statute made in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars.

[REP.]

[Continued by 3 Car. 1. C. 4. and further continued by 16 Car. 1. C. 4, but Repealed by 12 Annee, Stat, 2. C 23. §. 28.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy for some kind of Manslaughter.

---

[Clergy taken from him that doth stab another having not a Weapon drawn.

TO the End that stabbing and killing Men on the sudden, done and committed by many and wicked Persons, in the Time of their Rage, Drunkenness, hidden Displeasure, or other Passion of Mind, contrary to the Commandment of Almighty GOD, and the common Peace and Tranquillity of this Realm, may from henceforth be restrained through fear of due Punishment to be inflicted on such cruel and bloody Malefactors, who heretofore have been thereunto emboldened by presuming on the Benefit of Clergy:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That every Person and Persons which after one Month next ensuing the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall stab or thrust any Person or Persons that hath not then any Weapon drawn, or that hath not then first stricken the Party which shall so stab or thrust, so as the Person or Persons so stabbed or thrusts * shall thereof die within the Space of six Months then next following, although it cannot be proved that the same was done of Malice forethought, yet the Party so offending, and being thereof convicted by Verdict of twelve Men, Confession or otherwise according to the Laws of this Realm, shall be excluded from, the Benefit of his or their Clergy, and suffer Death as in Case of wilful Murder.

[

III. Provided always, That this Act or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to any Person or Persons which shall kill any Person or Persons se defendendo, or by Misfortune, or in any other Manner than as aforesaid; (2) nor shall extend to any Person or Persons which in keeping and preserving the Peace shall chance to commit Manslaughter, so as the said Manslaughter be not committed wittingly, willingly and of Purpose, under Pretext and Colour of keeping the Peace; (3) nor shall extend to any Person or Persons which in chastising or correcting his Child or Servant, shall besides his or their Intent and Purpose chance to commit Manslaughter. (4) This Act to continue until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament

[Con'inued by 3 Car. r. C 4, and 16 Car. 1. C 4. J -

CAP. IX.

An Act to restrain the inordinate Haunting and Tipling in Inns, Alehouses, and other Victualing-Houses.

WHEREAS

ancient, true and principal Use of Inns, Alehouses and victualling lvoufes was The true and — - j r principal Use oi

aiiu ivji tv, r ^, j a L

consume their Money and their Time in lewd and drunken. Manner 8'

House.

7 j.ic. r. C 10. i cri. C 4. Faither provi fioftb relating hereto, j Car. t. C 4.

Sum, V I -- 2s.

One Witness Justicient.

*/ fac. i, C 7, fcft. I.

The Piices of Ale and Beer sold in an Inn or Alehouse,

8 C q. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

The Forfeiture

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and keepcmxrrmit Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if after forty Days tin/oneto con next eufuing after the End of this present Session of Parliament, any innkeeper, Victualler or alehouse t nue unlawful keeper, within this Realm of England or the Dominion of Wales, do permit or differ any Person or Per dimking in lus fons inhabiting and dwelling in any City, Town Corporate, Market town, Village or Hamlet, within this Realm of England or Dominion of Wales, where any such Inn, Alehouse or tipling house is or shall be, to remain and continue drinking or tipling in the said Inn, victualling house, tipling house or ale house; (3) other than such as shall be invited by any Traveller, and shall accompany him only during his necessary Abode there; (3) and other than Labouring and Handicraftsmen in Cities and Towns Corporate, and Market towns, upon the usual working days, for one Hour at dinner time to take their Diet in an Alehouse; (4) and other than Labourers and Workmen, which for the following of their Work by the Day or by the Great, in any City, Town Corporate, Market town or Village, shall for the Time of their said continuing in Work there, Sojourn, Lodge or Victual in any Inn, Alehouse or other victualling house: Other than for urgent and necessary Occasions to be allowed by two Justices of Peace; That then every such innkeeper, Victualler or alehouse keeper, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Shillings of current Money of England, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; (6) the same Offence being viewed and seen by any Mayor, Bailiff or Justice of Peace, within their several Limits, or proved by die Oath of two Witnesses to be taken' before any Mayor, Bailiff or any other Head Officer, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, who by Virtue of this act shall be authorised to minister the said Oath to any Person or Persons that can or will justify the same, being within the Limits of their said Commission.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any innkeeper, alehouse keeper or Victualler, shall at any Time utter or sell less than one full ale quart of the best Beer or Ale for a Penny, and of the Small two Quarts for one Penny, that then every such innkeeper, alehouse keeper or Victualler, shall forfeit for every such Offence, being duly proved in Manner above limited, the Sum of twenty Shillings of lawful Money of England to the Use abovesaid: fa) All and every the said Penalties to be levied by the Constables or churchwardens of the Parish. rariflies where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, by way of Distress to be taken and detained for the said Forfeitures, and for Default of Satisfaction within six Days next ensuing, the same then to be presently apprised and sold, and the sur plufage or Remainder over and above to be delivered to the Party of whom the Distress was taken; (3) and for want of sufficient Distress the Party or Parties offending to be by the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer, or Justice or Justices aforesaid, committed to the common Gaol, there to remain until the said Penalty or Penalties be truly paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Constables or churchwardens do neglect their Duty in levying, or do not levy the said several Penalties, or in Default of Distress or Distresses, from Time to Time do neglect to certify the same Default of Distress by the Space of twenty Days then next ensuing, to the Mayor, Bailiff, other head Officer or Justice of Peace within whose Juris

xe^constable1/ Gibbon the Offence is committed, then every Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit for every such or church war Default the Sum of forty Shillings of current Money of England, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish dens omuiing where such Offence shall be committed; (2) to be levied by way of Distress of the offender's Goods, by Warrant from any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer, within the Limits of their Jurisdictions respectively, under his or their Hand and Seal to be taken and detained for the said Forfeitures, for the Space of six Days then next ensuing: which Time if Payment be not made, the same Goods to be presently apprised and sold, and the Surplusage and Remainder over and above (if any be) to be delivered to the Party of whom the Distress was taken; (3) and for want of such sufficient Distress the Constables, church warden or churchwardens so offending, to be by the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer, Justice or Justices of Peace, committed to the common Gaol, there to remain until the said Penalty or Penalties be truly paid; (4) for all which Penalties which so shall be levied by the said Constables or Churchwardens, they the said Constables and churchwardens shall be accountable to their Successors and other the Parishioners, in such Sort as theyusually be in other church reckonings or Accounts: (5) And for all Forfeitures to be levied by reason of any Neglect of the Constables or churchwardens, those shall be accountable who by Force of any Warrant or Precept do levy tyre same, or upon the Enlargement of Persons committed do receive the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That a'l other Laws and Statutes touching innkeepers, Victuallers and alehouse keepers, shall still remain in their former Force, and be put in due Execution. (2) This Act to continue to the End of the first Session of tyre next Parliament.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the Correction and Punishment of such as shall offend against this Act or any Part thereof, within either of the two' Universities of this Realm or the Precincts or Liberties of the same, shall be done upon the Offenders, and Justice shall be ministred in this Behalf, according to the Intent and true Meaning of this Law, by the Governors, Magistrates, Justices of the Peace or other principal Officers of either of the lame Universities, to whom in other Cases the Administration of Justice, and Correction and Punishment of Offenders by the Laws of this Realm and their several Charters doth belong or appertain, and that no other

vrfmyconc rnnt w'(hin their Liberties, for any Matter concerning this Law, contrary to their several Charters, do inter a)!uvcu'}n H meddle; (z) and that all Penalties and Sums of Money to be forfeited or lost by Force of this Act, with

5. in either of the Universities or the Liberties or Precincts of the same, shall be levied by the Officers or Mi vlf 'ic 1 CI n'^ers of either of the said Universities, to be from Time to Time in that Behalf appointed by the vice t 'c.ir. i j. chancellors thereof for the Time being respectively; (3) and lliat all Powers and Authorities either of im rsign. C 31. prisonment or otherwise before given or appointed by this Act, shall by the Governors, Magistrates and

principal

their Duty.,

The Constable and Churchwarden's Account.

th. r. C i.

5 Jr 6 C 15.

The Continuance of this Statute.

Offences committed within the Universities

& Go, 2. C 1

9

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 10 — 12.

principal Officers abovesaid of either of the said Universities, be duly executed and done within either of the said Universities and the Liberties and Precincts of the same, according to tyre true Intent and Meaning of this Act. [Made perpetual by 21 Jac. i. C 7. §. 1.]

i" "

X

An act for the better Execution of Justice

as all Exactions, Extortions and Corruptions are odious, and prohibited in all well go Nothing fhati b

vemed Commonwealths, '(2) Be it enacted, That no Person to whom any Order or Cause shall be committed or referred by any of the King's Judges, or Court's at Westminster, or any other Court, cause referred shall directly or indirectly, or by any Art, Shift, Colour or Device, have, take or receive any Money, by any court. _ See, Reward, Covenant, Obligation, Promise, Agreement or any other Thing, for his Report or Certificate by Writing or otherwise; (3) upon Pain of the Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds for every such Report or Certificate, and to be deprived of his Office and Place in the same Court; (4) the one Moiety of the said Forfeitures to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety to the Party grieved which will sue for the same, at any Time during the said Suit, or within one Year after the same Cause discontinued or decreed; and in his Default of such Suit, to him or them that will sue for the famq, by Original Writ, Bill, Plaint or Information, in his Majesty's High Court of star-chamber, or in any his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Suit, by Writ, Bill, Plaint or Information, no Wager of Law, Essoin. Privilege, Supersedeas, proteduon, or any other Delay, shall be suffered or admitted,

---

[The Clerk's Fees for writing a Report.]

II. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for the Clerk to take for his Pains for writing of every The Clerk's such Report or Certificate twelve Pence for the first Side, and two Pence for every Side after, and no Fees for writing more, upon Pain to forfeit ten Shilllings for every Peny taken over and above the said Sum, to be had and recovered as, aforesaid.

CAP. XI.

An act to restrain all Persons from Marriage until their former Wives and former Husbands be dead.

---

Forasmuch as diverse evil disposed Persons being married, run out of one County into another, or into Felony to marry 1 I? Places where they are not known, and there become to be married, having another Husband or Wife a second huf C living, to the great Dishonour of God, and utter Undoing of diverse honest Mens Children, and others';

(z) Be it therefore enacted by the King's Majesty, with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo jiving.' r eus ral, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That if any Person or Persons within his 1 Ed 6. C 11. majesty's Dominions of England and Wales, being married, or which hereafter shall marry, do at any Time after the End of the Session of this present Parliament, marry any Person or Persons, the former cro. Eli?; "94. Husband or Wife being aliye; That then every such Offence shall be Felony, and the Person and Persons Cro. Car. 461. so offending shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony; (3) and the Party and Parties so offending shall re keiyne^j'so. receive such and the like Proceeding, Trial and Execution in such County where such Person or Persons 1 shall be apprehended, as if the Offence had been committed in such County where such Person or Persons shall be taken or apprehended.

II. Provided always, That this Act, nor any Tiling therein contained, shall extend to any Person or The Husband or Persons whose Husband or Wife shall be continually remaining beyond the Seas by the Space of seven r ven^year* Years together, or whose Husband or Wife shall absent him or herself the one from the other by the Space from the other, rs of seven Years together, in any Parts within his Majesty's Dominions, the one of them not knowing the other to be living within that Time.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, nor anything To what persons herein contained, shall extend to any Person or Persons that are or shall be at the Time of such Marriage this statute shall divorced by any Sentence had or hereafter so be had in the Ecclesiastical Court; (z) or to any Person or notextend. Persons where thej former Marriage hath been or hereafter shall be by Sentence in the Ecclesiastical Court

declared to be void and of no Effect; nor to any Person or Persons for or by Reason of any former Marriage had or made, or hereafter to be had or made, within Age of Consent.

IV. Provided also, That no Attainder for this Offence made Felony by this Act, shall make or work No Corruption any Corruption of Blood, loss of Dower, or Difinherifon of Heir or Heir?. nf p', nnh, nfs

CAP. XII.

of Blood, Loss of Dower or Inheritance.

An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits. The Penalty for rj.p. Geo 2 prabtifing of Invocation or Conjuration, Y. Conjuration or Invocation, whereby any Person is killed or lamed. Declaring by Witchcraft, where anything is hidden, Procuring unlawful Love, lethe jthz. C 16.

second Offence Felony, No Forfeiture of dower.or Inheritance. Trial of a Peer of the Realm. vm^voit.c"

Cod. 9. Tit, 18. 3 .45, iz&, Cro. Car. 141, tsi. 411011343.

io C II. Anno secundo [yujgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

0 r

furl

f.

(it i j

CAP. XIII.

An Act for new Executions to be sued against any which shall hereafter be delivered out of Execution by Privilege of Parliament, and for Discharge of them out of whose Custody such Persons shall be delivered.

1* 3

An se^ut.lon.

Forasmuch as heretofore Doubt hath been made, if any Perfoi) being arrested in Execution, and by ftwchargcdi^r0*!jc; 'Privilege, of either of the Houses of Parliament set at Liberty, whether the Party at whose.'suit Privilege of i such Execution was pursued, be for ever, after barred and disabled. to sue forth a new Writ of Execu 4 on^Case': ', 5 31 'C' II For the Avoiding of all further Doubt and Trouble which in like Cases may hereafter ensue, it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and by the Commons, 'in this present Parliament aiteinbled, That from henceforth the Party at or by whose Suit such Writ of 'Execution was pursued, his Executors or Administrators, after such Time as the Privilege of that Session of Parliament in which such Privilege shall be so granted shall cease, may sue forth and execute a, new Writ or Writs of Execution, in such Manner and Form as by the Law of this realm he or they.

He shall never might have done, if.no such former Execution, had been: taken forth or served: (2) And that from

ofwhof/cn°nt j^ricefor th no Sheriff, 'Bailiffi, 'or other Officer, from whose Arrest. or Custody any such Person so arrested.' Aody such Pri in Execution shall be delivered' by any such Privilege, shall be charged or chargeable with or by any, Toner shall be Action whatsoever, for delivering out of Execution any such privileged Person, so as is aforesaid by such

delivered. Privilege of parliament set at Liberty; any Law, custom.or Privilege heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding.

Censure inflicted

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the diminishing of any Punishment to be hereafter by Censure in Parliament inflicted, upon any Person which, hereafter shall make or procure to be made any such Arrest as is aforesaid.

21 Jac. 1. C 24. 7.6 & 17 Car, C 5. which is wade perpetual by 22 & 23 Car. 2, C 2r and

upon any that shall arrest a Parliament

man. farther provisiont relating to Executions 2 Jac. I. C 8. 29 Car, 2, C Jeff. 16,

CAP. XIV.

A Remedy for a Freeman of London to recover a Debt not exceeding forty Shillings owing to him by another inhabiting within the said city or the Liberties: A Penalty if the Debtor ao not appear before the Commissioners Warning; or if the Creditor or Debtor do not perform their Order,; or if the Creditor, being a Freeman of London, do sue any. other. Freemen out of the same City, for a Debt under forty Shillings. Repealed by 3 Jac. 1. C 15.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better Relief of the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts.

a^xpor n ' TOR that Frauds and Deceits, as new Diseases, daily increase amongst such as live by buying fothe Statute ' J? and selling, to the Hindrance of Traffic and mutual Commerce, and to the general Hurt of or Bankrupts, C the Realm, by such as wickedly and wilfully become Bankrupts: (2) And for that the Description of made 3s ' a Bankrupt in former Statutes is not so fully expressed, nor the Power given thereby to the Commissi 13' Elizi cy, ' oners for Bankrupts so large, as is meet in such Cases of Deceit, to prevent the deceitful Actions of.

Bankrupts':

Who shall be II For Remedy whereof, Be it therefore enacted by our Sovereign Lord the King, and by the Lords blmkruv Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, at this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of X bq|'(tp 134. the same, That all and every such Person and persons using or that shallufethe Trade of Merchandise, in Part repealed byway of Bargaining, Exchange, Bartry, Chevisance, or otherwise in Gross, or by Retail, or seeking his, C V aa'x<' bet, or their Trade of living by buying and selling, and being a subject born or this Realm or any the £j*swv. J. 1, King's Dominions, or Denizen, who at any Time iithence the first Day of this present Parliament, or at47- any Time hereafter, shall depart the Realm, (2) or begin to keep his or her house or houses or otherwise

Pt. 1.9s. to absent him or herself, or take Sanctuary, (3) or suffer him or herself willingly, to be arrested for any debt, or other Thing not grown or due for Money delivered, Wares sold, or any other just or lawful Cause, or good Consideration or purposes, (4) or hath or will suffer him or herself to be outlawed, or yield him or herself to Prison, (5) or willingly or fraudulently hath or shall procure him or herself to be arrested, or his or her Goods, Money or chattles.to.be attached or sequestered, (6) or depart from his or her dwelling house, (7) or make or, cause to be made any fraudulent Grant or Conveyance of his, her or their lands, Tenements, Goods or chattles, (8) to the Intent, or whereby his, her or their Creditors, 'being Subjects born as aforesaid, shall or may be defeated or delayed for the Recovery of their just and true Debts, (9) or being arrested for Debt, shall after his or ha Arrest lie in Prison six Months or more upon that Arrest, or upon any other Arrest or Detention in Prison for Debt, and lie in prison six Monthsupon such Arrest or detention, (10) shall be accounted and adjudged a Bankrupt to all Intents and Purposes.

The like Com

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the like commis r' HI fttf an rjdre'I ns Orders, Benefits and Remedies which are and be provided and limited by the said former Act of meatsmhe Parliament (made in 13 nnper Eliz. Regina) against; any Bankrupt therein described, or for or concerning provided(or 8 his

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo (vulgo primo) Jacobi I. C. 15. II

his, her or their Lands,

Merchandizes and Debts, son and Persons that are!

ditaments. Fees, Annuities, 'Offices, Goods, Chattels, Wares, Merchandizes and Debts, in suchlike Manner and Form as the same ought or might have been, if the Persons herein described to be Bankrupt's had been described to be Bankrupts according to the Intent of the said former Statute.

IV. And that it shall be lawfuffor any of the Creditors of the said Bankrupt within four Months after New Creators any such commission shall be sued forth, and until Distribution shall be made by the said commissioners^rj.^" wuh for the Payment of the bankrupt's Debt, as in such Case hath beenufed, to partake and join with the Hob?*?"' other Creditors that shall sue forth any such Commission, for Satisfaction and Payment of his, her or their Hutt. 37, 41. Debts, to him or them owing, without any Hindrance, Let or Disturbance of any of the same Commissioners,

or of any of the' other Creditors of any such Bankrupts, the same Creditors so coming in, to contribute to the Charges of the said Commission; (2) and that if the Creditors come not In within four Months, then the Commissioners to have Power to distribute.

Be it further enacted, That if any Person which hereafter is or shall be a Bankrupt by Intent of this A Bankrupt Statute, shall convey, or procure or cause to be conveyed, to any of his Children or other Person or Per landyo^coodj fons, any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Offices, Sees, Annuities, Leases, Goods, Chat to others, or tels, or transfer his Debts into other Mens Names 3 (2) except the same shall be purchased, conveyed or transferring transferred for or upon Marriage of any of his or her Children, both the Parties married being of the othersmenst0 Years of Consent, or some valuable Consideration, (3) shall be in the Power and Authority of the Com name, missioners on this Behalf to be appointed, or the more Part of them, to bargain, fell, grant, convey, dc Srile83. mise, or otherwise to dispose thereof, in as ample Manner as i: f the said Bankrupt had been actually seizecl

or possessied thereof, or the Debts were in his own Name, of the like Estate or Interest to his or their own Ufc, at such Time as he or (lie became Bankrupt: (4) And that every such Grant, Bargain, Sale, conveyance and Disposition of the said Commissioners, or of the greater Part of them, shall be good, and available to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes in the Law, again! the Offender or Offenders, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and such Children and Persons as shall be subject to this Statute, and again! all other Person and Persons claiming by, from or under such Offender or Offenders, or such said other Persons, to Whom such Conveyance shall be' made by the said Bankrupt, or by his Means or Procurement.,

VI. And for that the Practises of Bankrupts of late are so secret and so subtle, as that they can very hardly be found out or brought to Light (i) and for that the former Statute, giving Power to the Commissioners to examine others than the Bankrupts, hath riot fully or sufficiently authorised them to examine the said Bankrupt upon Oath: '(3) For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Autho Tn w, ia( ca[c, ie rity of this present Parliament, That the said Commissioners may call before them, or the greater Part draw himselfth* of them, the said Bankrupt; (4);, and, if upon. lawful, warniri'g^left dr made ih Writing at three several nu be pm times at the dwelling place qr hotife where the' said Bankrupt, iris Wife or Family, for the mbit part ofc, aimedaban, s his Abode, did lodge or remain, " within, one' 'Year next beforehe, file or they, became Bankrupt, the said rupt>

Bankrupt shall not appear be fore.'tke laid Commissioners, Or the greater Part of them; that then and from

thenceforth it shall be lawful for titejgreater Number of the said Conimifltoners t6 appoint to proclaim the said Party a Bankrupt, at such public Place or Place's where the said Commissioners or the greater Part of

them shall think mfeet, Warning him, her or them, to appear befdre thetirupbn the said Commission at

sometime appointed; C and that if upon five several Proclamations made in some public Place, the-e^kg "ptap*

party offending appear not before ths said Commissioners, and yield his, her or their Bodies to them or some which up. 'n

of them, the said Commissioners of the gfeatfev Part of them, shall of may award a Warrant to Rich sit waning re

or Persons as they think meet, tc* apprehend the Body and Bodies, of the said Offender add, of4p*th toap'

flinders, and to bring him, her or thcni so offending, before the said Comiuifliohers, wheresoever the laidp

Party or Parties offending may be found, in Place privileged or not, to be examined by the said Commis

floners or the greater Part of them.

VII. And that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the greater Part of them, to examine the theexamina said Offender or Offenders, upon such Interrogatories touching the Lands, Tenements, Goods, chat a Banlt* tels. Debts, Bills, Bonds, Books of Account, and such other Things, as may tend to disclose his, her

or their Estate, or their, secret Grants, Conveyances', and eloining of his, J Her or their Lands; Tenements,

Goods, Money and Debts, as they shall think meet.

VIII. And that if therein the Offender or Offenders shall refitfe to be examined or to answer fully to A Bankrupt re every Interrogatory to him to be ministred by the said Commissioners, or the greater Part of them, it shall to an', be lawful for the said Commissioners, dr the greater Part of them, to commit the said Offender or Offenders

io some strait or close Imprisonment, there to remain until he, she or they shall better conform him or herself.

IX. And that if upon his, her or their Examination, it shall appear that he, she or they have com The punish nfitted any wilful or corrupt Perjury, tending to the Hurt or Damage of the Creditors of the said Bankrupt,

to the Value of ten rounds of lawful Money of England, or above, the Party so offending shall or Penury. m 'ns may thereof be indibted in any of the King's majesty, Courts of Record, and being lawfully convicted thereof shall stand upon the pillory in some public Place by the Space of two Hours, and have one of his Ears nailed to the Pillory and cut off. a

C X And whereas by the former Statute made in the said thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen 13 El. C 7,

' Elizabeth, the Commissioners for Bankrupts have Power given to them to send for iurh Person or Persons as the Creditors shall know, suppose or suspect to have, detain or keep any Part of the money;

C 2. ' Goods

such as have Bankrupts Goods, or be indebted unto them.

of such as wijl not appear, or not swear to answer to Interrogatories.

5 Mod. 309,

12 G. 15. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

' Goods, Chattels or Debts of the said Offender or Offenders, or to be indebted to the said Offender or Offenders, to be examined by the said Commissioners, as by the same Statute appeareth, but have not good Means or Remedy by Imprisonment or other Penalty, to procure the Person so sent for by them to appear before them, nor having appeared before them, to make Answer upon his Oath to such Inter rogatories as shall be mi mitred unto him by the said Commissioners - and upon the Specialty, Cer -- ' tainty, true Declaration and Knowledge of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Debts or Other tilings, of any such Offender or Offenders, as' be or shall be, or which shall be suspected to be,

' in his Custody, Use or Possession, or in the Custody, Use or possession of any other to his Knowledge,

' and of all Debts owing to or for the Benefit of such Offender or Offenders, by himself or by any other to his Knowledge; (2) so as many Times a great Part of the Offender or Offenders Lands, Tenements,

1 Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Debts, which by the true Intent of the said Statute should be em 1 ployed to the Satisfaction of the Creditors of the Offender or Offenders, are concealed or detained in: C the Hands of such Person and Persons as refuse to come, or being come refuse to be sworn, before the said Commissioners, to be examined in that Behalf, to the great Encouragement of all Bankrupts and' ' their wicked Confederates and Accessories, and to the great Hindrance of the just Remedies of the Cre ' ditors of the said Bankrupts, for their true and just Debts to them owing: '(3) For Remedy whereof, f further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons being.known, supposed or suspected to have or detain any Part of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Debts of the said Bankrupt, or to be indebted to or for the Benefit of the said Bankrupt, shall after lawful Warning to the said Person or Persons given, to come before the said Commissioners or the greater part of them, to be examined according to the Intent of the said Statute, refuse to come, or shall not come before the said Commissioners at the Time appointed, having no lawful Impediment (such as shall be admitted and allowed of by the said Commissioners or the more Part of them, and which shall be then fig -- thepumfliment nified or made known to the said Commissioners at the Time of their Assembly; J (4) or that any such of such as w, n pej.son or persons, having Knowledge or Warning of any other Assembly or Meeting of the said Commissioners again, shall not come and appear before them at such' Time as' he or she lawfully may. come, having no such lawful Impediment as mail be then made known to the said Commissioners, and by them admitted and allowed of, as aforesaid; (5) or being come before them shall refuse to be sworn, and to make Answer to such Interrogatories as flbdil be ministred unto him or them, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Statute made in the said thirteenth Year of the Reign of our said late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, or of this present Act; (6) that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the greater Part of them, to commit to such Ward and Prison, as to them or to the greater Part of them shall be thought meet, all such Person and Persons as shall so refuse to be sworn, and make Answer to such Interrogatories as shall befo ministred as aforesaid, (7) and also to direct their Warrants to such Person or Persons as to them or the greater Part of them shall be thought meet, to apprehend and arrest such Person or Persons as shall refuse to come and appear before them, as aforesaid, and to bring him, her or them before the said Commissioners, or the greater Part of them, to be examined as abovesaid, (8) and upon his, her or their Refusal to come, or to be examined before the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to commit the said Party so refilling, to such Prison as the said Commissioners, or the greater Part of them, shall think meet, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as the said Person so refilling to come, or to be sworn to answer before the said Commissioners, shall submit him or herself to the said Commissioners, and be by them examined, according to the true Intent of the said Statute and of this present Act.

XI. Provided always, That such Witnesses as shall so be sent for, shall have such Costs and Charges as the Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit; the same Charges to be rateably born by the Creditors of the said Bankrupt, according to the Proportion of each of their several Debts: (2) And if any Person or Persons, other than the Bankrupt, either by Subornation, unlawful Procurement, sinister per fwalion, or Means of any others, or by his own Act, Consent or Agreement, shall wilfully and corruptly commit any manner of wilful Perjury by his Deposition to be taken before the said Commissioners, or the greater Part of them, as aforesaid; that then the Party or Parties so offending, and all and every Person and Persons that shall unlawfully and corruptly procure any such unlawful, wilful and corrupt Perjury, shall or may therefore be indicted in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, (3) and after his or their Conviction thereof, shall incur such Forfeiture, and receive and suffer such Pains and Punishment, as are limited by the Statute made concerning Perjury in the fifth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be forfeited by Force of this present Act, shall be sued for and recovered by the said Creditors only, or any of them

and how that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's them. 3 'm.p. y Courts of Record; and the Sum or Sums of Money so recovered, the Charges of Suit being deducted, shall be distributed and divided towards the Payment of the said Creditors of the Bankrupt.

XIII. ' And for that the Power and Authority given to the Commissioners of Bankrupts touching the Debts due to the said Bankrupts, is not so full and perfect, as that the full Benefit thereof in due Course might be employed to the Use of the said Creditors, as was intended'; (2) For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Bankrupts, or the geater Part of them, shall have Power to grant and assign, or otherwise to order or dispose all or any of the Debts due or to be due to or for the Benefit of the said Bankrupt, by what Person or Persons soever, or in what Manner and Form soever, to the Use of the Creditors of the said Bankrupt, according to the true Intent of the said former recited Statute of Bankrupts; (3) and that the same Grant, Assignment or Disposition of the said Debts, in Form aforesaid to be made by the said Commissioners, or the greater Part of them, shall so vest the Property, Right and Interest of the said Debt and Debts, in the Person or Persons

Witnesses allowed their Costs.

The Penalty of others, beside the Bankrupt committing Perjury.

5 Eliz. C g.

Who shall recover the Forfei

The Authority pi of touching Debts due to a Bankrupt.

Salk. 10s,

*3

A.D. 1604. Ann secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi L C 16.

Persons of him, her or them, to whom it shall be granted, assigned or ordered by tyre said Commissioners or the greater Part of them, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Bill, Bond, Bonds, Statutes, Recognizances, Judgement or Contrail, whereupon the said Debt or Debt, Deed or Deeds shall arise or grow, had been made to or with, or for the said Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so granted, assigned or disposed by the said Commissioners; (4) and that after such Grant, Alignment or The Remedy Disposition made of the said Debts, that neither the Bankrupt, nor any other to whom any such Debtfortlie c'ed'for shall be due, shall have Power to recover the same, nor to make any Release or Discharge thereof; (5) Ban kept's* neither shall the same be attached as the Debt of the Bankrupt, or such said other Person or Persons to Debt affixed to whom the same shall be due, by any other Person or Persons, according to the Custom of the City ofbim by.h'! London or otherwise(, (, but that the Party or Parties to whom the same Debt shall be so assigned, shall Lonimi ' ?ner3, have like Remedy to recover the same, as fully and lawfully, in' the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so granted, assigned or ordered by the said Commissioners, in all re spedts and Purposes as the Party himself might have had; any Law, Statute, Use or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That no Debtor of the bankrupt be hereby endangered for the Payment of his or her Debt truly and bona fide to any such Bankrupt, before such Time as he shall understand or know that he is become a Bankrupt.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such of the said Commissioners as shall put the commii: fione, -5 said Commission in Execution, shall upon lawful Request to them made by the said Bankrupt, not only., [, Bankrupt make a true Declaration to the said Bankrupts, of the employing and bellowing of his, her or their laid how they hsve Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Offices, Sees, Goods, Wares, Money, Chattles and Debts which la^'and"4 shall be paid and satisfied to their said Creditors, as is in like Case limited or appointed by the said former Goods!" Statute made in the said. thirteenth Year of the said late queen's majesty's Reign, but also make Payment of the Overplus of the same, if any such shall be, to the said Bankrupts, their Executors, administrators and Assigns; (2) and that the said Bankrupts, after the full Satisfaction of the said Creditors,

shall have full Power and Authority to recover and receive the Residue and Remainder of the Debts to them owing; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. - Be it further enacted, That if any Action of Trespass or other Suit shall happen hereafter to be brought against any Commissioner authorised by the Statute made in decimo tertio of our late Sovereign E l2, ct Lady Queen Elizabeth, for Bankrupts, or any other other Person or Persons having Authority by Virtue

or under the Commission authorising the said Commissioner for the doing or executing of any Matter by Force of the said Statute, or this present Statute, That the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead Not guilty, (2) or otherwise justify, That the Act or Thing whereof the Plaintiff or The Commissib plaintiffs complained, was done by the Authority of the said Act made in the thirteenth of Elizabeth, or xaon brougl?;. in this present Act reffiedlively, (3) without Expressing or Rehearsal of any other Matter of Circumstance against them, contained in either of the said Acts, and without enforcing him or them to show forth their Commission authorising the said Act or Thing; (4) whereunto the Plaintiff shall be admitted to reply. That the Defendant did the said Fact supposed in the Declaration, of his own Wrong, without any such Cause al ledged by the said Defendant; whereupon the Issue in such Action shall be joined to be tried by Verdict of twelve Men; (5) and upon the Trial of that Issue, the whole Matter to be given on both Parties in Evidence, according to the very Truth of the same; (6) and if Verdict upon such Issue shall pass for the Defendant, the Defendant to have his Costs

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Commission of Bankrupts here the commission-- after sued forth, and dealt in by the Commissioners, the Offender happen to die before the Commis ^xecu sioners shall distribute the Goods; Lands and Debts of the Offenders or any of them, by Force of the a tion though the foresaid Statute of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth and this Bankrupt die. Statute or either of them. That then nevertheless the said Commissioners shall and may in that Case pro fczcm h&' ceed in Execution, in and upon the said Commission for and concerning the offender's Goods, Lands, mpa, 13 s' 14. Tenements, Hereditaments and Debts, in such Sort as they might have done if the Party Offender were Carc t living. 21 jac. i. C 19. 5 Geo. 2. c. 30.

5 Geo. 2. c. 30. (nvbich is continued by 31 Geo. 2. c. 35, to 29 September 1764./ 19 Geo. 2. c. 32. and 24 Geo. 2. c. 57.

CAP. XVI.

An Act concerning Wherrimen and Watermen.

Forasmuch as it hath often happened, that diverse and sundry People passing by Water upon the what Appreiu 1 JF River of Thames between Windfior and Grave field, have been put in great Hazard and Danger ofri wheniman* ' the Loss of their Lives and Goods, and many Times have perished and been drowned in the said ay ten"'em; m ' River, through the Unskilfulness and Want of Knowledge or Experience in the Wherrimen or Wa His Age.

' termen, that did transport or carry them and their said Goods from Place to Place upon the said River, .6*. 8. C 7.

' in Wherries, Tiltboats and Barges: (2) And for that hitherto there hath not been any sufficient Pio' '

' had and made for Remedy herein'; Be it now enacted and established by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Wherriman or Waterman that now is, or that hereafter shall be, and shall row upon the said River of Thames, and shall transport or carry any paf fengers or Goods in any Wherries, Tiltboats or Barges, (other than Western Barges, Milboats, and all other Vessels ordinarily serving. for other Uses than the Carrying of Passengers) shall retain or take any Servant or Apprentice to serve him as a Waterman upon the said River, unless the said Wherriman or

Water

14

C 17. Anno fecun do [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

W aferman that so shall retain, take or have any such Servant, shall have been an Apprentice to a Where what Water riman or Waterman by the Space of five Years before such Retaining: (3) And further, That nowhere men only may riinan or Waterman that now is, or that hereafter shall be, upon the said River of Thames, shall retain, 0r'applcmicesiave' keep or take any Person or Persons to serve him to row upon the said River, as his Apprentice, un nd whatsoit oflefstlie said Person so to be retained or to become an Apprentice, sit all then be of the Age of eighteen F'ersons they Years at the lead, and shall be retained and bound to hismaster to serve upon the said River, for and du ltl rufw.m ring the Term of seven Years at the lead; (4) upon Pain that every Person or Persons doing the con by Anns, trary shall from Time to Time for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Englishi

C 13. fedt. 1. Money; the one Half whereof shall be unto our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half unto any Person or Persons that will sue for the same in any of the Courts of Record of our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs' or Successors, by Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Protection, or other Delay shall be admitted or allowed, Wlierrimens

II. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to the Son or Sons Sons excepted, which now are, or hereafter shall be, of any Wherriman or Waterman abovesaid (being of the Age of sixteen Years at the lead, and of convenient Growth and Strength) that formerly hath been, or that hereafter shall be trained and brought up in Rowing, or have or hath accustomed to row upon the said River, and there have used or shall use to transport or carry Passengers from Place to Place; (2) but that all and every such Son or Sons shall and may from time to time from henceforth be admitted and allowed to serve, and may serve upon the said River, and there transport or carry Passengers from Place to Place as an Apprentce, as heretofore they have done; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

wrntn3 HI And be it further enacted and established by the Authority aforesaid, That the eight Overseers of lead twice in ruers of the Society or Company of Wherrimen or Watermen that now are, and that from Time to

the i'car. Time hereafter shall be, from henceforth twice in every Year, that is to say, upon the first: Day of September,

and upon the first: Day of March, shall openly read and publish, or cause openly to be read and published, in the Hall or Place of their common Assembly, where they usually either have or hereafter shall appoint to assemble and meet together, all and every the Constitutions and Orders already made by them, or that at any Time hereafter shall be made by the Overseers and Rulers, for the good or better. Ordering or Government of the said Wherrimen or Watermen; (2) upon Pain that every of them shall from Time to Time for every such Offence forfeit to our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of six Pound thirteen Shillings and fourpence of lawful English Money; the one Half whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half thereof unto any Person or Persons that will sue for the same in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Wager of Lav, Essoin, or other Delay shall be admitted or allowed. 2 & 3 Ph. & Mar. C 16. n & 12 W. 3. C 21. 4 Annse, C 13

& 19, 2 Geo. 2. c. 26. 4 Geo. 2. c. 24. 10 Geo. 2. c. 31.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the better Execution of former Laws touching the making of Hats and Felts, and for the more.restraint of unskilful and dcceivable Workmanship therein used, to the Wrong of all Sorts of the People of this Realm.

None Hi 11 mate C P s or Hafs, but who hath been Apprentice.

A Rehearsal of the Statute of 2 liz. C IX

Who hall have the Forfeiture accrued by the Sue. of 8 Eliz, C 11. and this Statute.

WHEREAS in the Parliament by Prorogation held at Westminster the lass Day of September in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, Queen of England, there was made one Statute, intituled, An Act for the true Making of Hats and Caps, by one Branch whereof it was cp.h ' added, That no Person or Persons, by him or herself, or any other, should, after the Feaff of the Nati vity of St. John bapti/l then next coming, make, or work any Felt or Hat, of or with any foreign Wool or Stud', unless such Person should lirfl have been Apprentice or Covenant Servant to Inch Mystery of Hat and Felt making, by the Space of seven Years at tyre least; (2) upon Pain to forfeit all such Hats or Felts as he (hold make or cause to be made, while he worketh contrary to the Form of the

and Felt making, and have not been Apprentice or Covenant Servant thereunto by the Space of seven

(4) nor nq Penalty nor Forfeiture at alitor taking of Apprentices or Covenant Servants contrary to the Tenor of the said Acff, is given or appointed to any common Person that would sue for the

same, (5) The Execution of the said Act hath been wholly neglected, and the same in these two Branches have been likewise transgressed, and diverse Persons that never were Apprentices to the said Art, ' and same that have served but only some few Years therein, have taken upon them to setup and exercise the same Art, and retained great Number of Apprentices, who daily go away from their Masters, C and before their Terms be ended, and being unskilful, do make and put to sale great Quantities of s Hats and Felts very falsely and deceitfully made and wrought, to the great Damage of his Majesty's most loving subjects: '

II. For Reformation whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after forty Days next ensuing the End of this present Session of Parliament, the Moiety or one Half Part of all and every the Forfeitures and Penalties contained in the same former Act, that shall arise or grow due after the End of the said forty Days next ensuing the End of this Session of

Parlia

AD 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 18, 15

Parliament, and also the Moiety or one half part of all and every the Forfeitures and Penalties hereafter limited and appointed in and by this present Act, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety or half part thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced or brought or prol ecuted in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed for the Defendant.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons from and after the said forty Days shall make or cause to be made, any Felt or Hat, of or with any Wool or Stuff what and who their' soever, unless he or they shall have first served as Apprentices in the foresaid Trade or Art of felt making Servants, and during the Space of seven Years at the least; neither shall they retain and set to work in the said Art any how otiier Person or Persons than Journeymen that have lawfully served in that Art, and Apprentices lawfully bound in the said Trade or Art, nor above the Number of two Apprentices at one Time, nor those for any less Term than seven Years; (z) upon Pain to forfeit five Pound for every Month that he shall continue offending contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, and to be recovered to the Uses and in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons from and after phra, leer the said forty Days, shall retain or seton work in the said Art of Hat or felt making, any Person or Pervo, k £ making fons born out of liismajesty.'s Realms and Dominions of England, Scotland, and Ireland, upon Pain to for of Hats.

feit rive Pound for every' Month wherein such Person or Persons shall so offend contrary to the Meaning of this Act, and to be recovered to the Uses and in Manner and Form aforesaid.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act or in the said former Act contained hall extend to hat makers charge any Person or Persons lawfully exercising the said Art, with any Pain or Forfeiture, for setting or sonsi tiring his or their own natural Son or Sons to the Making or Working of Hats or Felts, in his or their own House or Houses, so as every such Son or Sons be bound by Indenture of Apprenticehood for the Term of seven Years at the lead, which Term shall not be to expire before he shall be of the full Age of two and twenty Years; anything abovesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every felt maker that now feimnak ers ar is, and by the Space of one year last past before the Beginning of this present Parliament was, a Maker the Time of

or Worker of Felts, and being an Housholder, and all such as now are Apprentices, covenant servant or Ssra, tl^1'rsnd Journeyman in the same Art or Mystery of felt making (so as the same Apprentice serve the Residue of mayvocwii'ir.ue, seven Years at the least) shall or may, during such person's natural Life, continue making of Hats and Felts, albeit the same Person were not bound Apprentice to the same Art for the Space of seven Years; anything in this Act or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for Avoiding of deceitful Buying and Spending corrupt and unwholfom Hops.

tt'orasmuch as of late great Frauds and Deceits are generally practised and used by Foreigners, Mer The Penalty for

P chants, Strangers and others in foreign Parts beyond the Seas, in the false Packing of all foreign brirg.ngirtoihis Hops brought into this Realm of England from foreign Parts, by Way of Merchandise here to be ut Hops otfbr

' tered and sold, with Leaves, Stalks, Powder, Sand, Straw, and with Loggets of Wood, Dross and o brewing with there Soil in very many Sacks of Hops for Increase of the Weight thereof, selling the same together forlhem

so much Money as the Hops are sold for, to the enriching of themselves by Deceit: (2) By Means of Several Fais which false Packing of foreign Hops, the Subjects of this Realm have been of late Years abused and l)°°ds

' deceived unto the Value of twenty thousand Pounds yearly at the least, beftdes the Danger of the Sub plkagafhops,

jests Healths, for that in many Sacks of foreign Hops there is not found scarce one third Part to be good and clean Hops, the Rest being Dross and Soil':

II. For Reformation whereof. Be it therefore enacted. by our Sovereign Lord the King, and by the.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Foreigner, Stranger, native Englishmen, Denizen, Merchant or any other Person or Persons whomever, do at any Time or Times from or after the Feast of St. Michael the'

Archangel next coming after the End of this present Session of Parliament, bring or cause to be brought, into this Realm of England, out from any other foreign Realm or Dominions from beyond the Seas, any Hops being deceitfully or corruptly unclean, corrupt or mixed with any Powder, Dust, Dross, Sand or any other Soil whatsoever, that every Person so offending therein contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the same Hops so brought into this Realm.

III. And for the better Avoiding of the Danger of Sickness by using of the false packed, unclean and The Forfeiture corrupt Hops; (z) Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Brewer of beerer^eertobc'1* or Ale, or any other Person which shall buy the same Hops so brought from beyond the Seas or growing r., id with corrupt within this Realm, and shall employ and spend the same about the Making or Brewing of Beer or Ale to t r mingled

be sold, being unclean, 'corrupt or mixed with any Powder, Dull, Dross, Sand or any other Soil v.hatfo hofsl ever, every Person so offending therein contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall in like Sort forfeit for the same Offence, the Value of those Hops so bought, employed or spent in Brewing; (3) the one Moiety of all which Forfeitures shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety thereof to him or them that will seize the lame, or sue for the same by Bill, Plaint, Information or fition of Debt in any of the King's Courts of Record; in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, CIV

This Act to continue to the End of the fh ft Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4.

Continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. cap. 4.]

i6 C 19, 20. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the well Garbling of Spices. Repealed by 6 Annas, C 16. §. u

CAP. XX.

An Act for Redress of certain Abuses and Deceits used in Painting.

A Plaisterer shall not use the Occupation < of a

Painter in London. '

Incorporated by ciueenelizabeth,

Who only may occupy that Mystery,

Searching of painting work, 'acd seizing the «Deceitful.

Plaisterers do use the Art of Painters stainers,

WHEREAS the Art or Mystery of Painters is an ancient Art and Mystery, and hath Time out of Mind been an ancient Company and Fellowfltip within the City of London, (z) and of late upon due Considerations, the Freemen of the said City of that Faculty, Art or Mystery (by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, dated at Westminster the nineteenth Day of July in the three and twentieth Year of the Reijp of Queen Elizabeth) were incorporate by the Name of Mailer, Wardens and Commonalty of the b reemen of the Art and Mystery of Painters, commonly called Painters stainers within the City of London and the Suburbs and Liberties of the same City: (3) And furthermore, by the said Letters Patents it is prohibited, enjoined and commanded, that no Person or Persons of whatsoever Estate, Degree or Condition they were, should use, exercise or occupy the said Art or Mystery of Painters, commonly called Painters stainers, or any Work or Works, Colour or Colours, Painting or Paintings in the said Art or Mystery occupied, unless such Person or Persons before that Time had been brought up and instructed, or (houla from that Time forwards be brought up and instructed, by or with some one Person of the said Art or Mystery as an Apprentice by the Space of seven Years at the least:

II. And whereas for the Avoiding of Deceit to be used in the said Art or Mystery of Painting, the said late Queen by the aforesaid Letters Patents, did grant unto the said Master and Wardens, and to their Successors, That they should have full Power and Authority for ever, to make or cause to be made due Search of all and Angular the Works, Colours, Paintings and other Things whatsoever to the said Art or Mystery of Painting in any wise appertaining, or touching or concerning the same, as well upon the Freemen of the said Mystery as upon any Person or Persons whatsoever, selling, making or working the same within the City of London or the Liberties or Suburbs of the same: (2) And the said Works, Co ' lours and Paintings whatsoever so deceitfully made, to seize and take away, and the Offenders therein leto puriifh and correct, as by the same Letters Patents more at large it doth and may appear,

III. And whereas the Plaisterers within the City of London, of old Time uling nothing but Lathing, ' Dawbing, Plastering and Liming, did and yet do procure thereby for themselves and their Families a ' convenient Living and Maintenance: (.2) Yet not satisfied with that reasonable Living that they do make of their said proper Faculties and Trades, wherewith and wherein they have been brought up as Apprentices, have now of late used and practised the Art and Mystery of Painters stainers, as well with Oil colours, as Size colours, and that since the Making of the said Letters Patents more usually than in former Times they have used or did; (3) whereby not only many of the said Art and Mystery of Painters, who have well and honestly as Apprentices to the same served for the space of seven Years and upwards, and by their Labours and Industries have attained to the full and perfect Skill and Know ledge thereof, are not only disabled to get any competent Living thereby, for the Relief of themselves, ' their poor Wives and Children, but also for that the said Plaisterers, not having been trained up in the said Art or Mystery of Painting, neither can or do make any such good Work or such sure and perfect Colours, as others having been trained up in the same Trade and Apprentices thereunto, and yet utter the same for good and perfect Colours, and being no Freemen of the said Company of Painters stainers, escape therefore unpunished, to the great Abuse and Deceit of his Majesty's most loving Subjects, and whereby the said Art or Mystery of Painting is likely in such Sort in short Time, £ to decay, as that there will not be sufficient Workmen of Skill in and about the said City to serve in the said Art his Majesty or any other his Majesty's Subjects.'

IV. For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That from and cf3a painter arta^ter twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand sminer in Lon six hundred and six, next coming after the End of this present Session of Parliament, no manner of per don, C son or Persons, being or pretending to be a Plaisterer, or hereafter to become or to be a Plaisterer, qr being or which shall be a Servant, or let on Work by any Plaisterer, shall use, exercise, setup the Art, Mystery or manual Occupation of a Painter, commonly called a Painter stainer, or any Part thereof, in the City of London, or the Liberties or Suburbs of the same; or shall.within the Places aforesaid make any Manner of Work or Works, or lay any Manner of Colour or Colours, Painting or Paintings whatsoever, in the said Art or Mystery of Painters stainers aforesaid at any Time heretofore occupied or used, unless he or they be or shall be the Servant or Servants, Apprentice or Apprentices of a Painter, otherwise called a Painter stainer, or have served or shall serve as an Apprentice or as Apprentices by the Space thtforfeiture of seven Years at the least to a Painter, otherwise called a Painter stainer; (2) upon Pain that every of an Offender, such Person or Persons as shall hereafter do or offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, shall forfeit for every Time that he or they shall so do or offend, the Sum of five Pounds of lawful Money of England; (3) the one Moiety of all which Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which said Suit, no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed for the said Defendant; any Law, Usage or Custom heretofore had or used to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

8 V Pro

H) Plaisterer

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo piimo] Jacobi I. C. 21. 17

V. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Company of Phi Wi, atthin s, (lerers, or their Servants or Apprentices, to lay and use Whiting, Blacking, Redlead, red okar, Yel piasfterer'"fay* low okar, and Ruifet, mingled with Size only, and not with Oil; this present Act or anything therein use m Ms Woifr. contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That no Painter or painter's Servant or Apprentice shall have or take above Sixteen thed.iy wi«by the Day for laying of any flat Colour whatsoever, mingled or mixed with Oil or Size, upon any of»Pinter. Timber, Stone, Iron or Lead.

CAP. XXI.

An Act against Brokers.

C tporasmuch as of long and ancient Time by diverse hundred Years there have been used within the Sale of Coods

Ju City of London and Liberties thereof, certain Freemen of the City, to be selected out of the Com pu^nnedaj"

' panies and Mysteries whereof they are free and Members, and the same Persons to be presented at least ha?! not alter by six approved and known honell Persons of the same Mystery, to the Lord Mayor of London for the the Property.

4 Time being, and to the Aldermen his Brethren, and to be recommended by such Presentors to be Per The Manner n

fons for their known approved Honesty, Integrity and Faithfulness, Persons meet for to be Broker or present ant) ai Brokers, and upon such Relation made to the Mayor and Aldermen, and partly by their own Know !ow 01 Brokers

ledge and diligent Inquiries made of the said Persons, and of their honest Fame, Report, Fidelity and stat.civ?lond,

' Skill, have been thereupon admitted, allowed and approved by the Lord Mayor of the City and Alder 13 E. i.sut. 5!

men in the Court of Aldermen, to be Brokers within the said City and Liberties of the same, and have

' taken their corporal Oaths before the said Mayor and Aldermen, from Time to Time as they were so presented and admitted, to use and demean themselves uprightly and faithfully between Merchant English and Merchant Strangers, and Tradesmen, in the contriving, making and concluding Bargains and Contrails to be made between them concerning their Wares and Merchandizes to be bought and sold and contrailed for within the City of London, and Moneys to be taken up by Exchange between such Merchant and Merchants, and Tradesmen; and these kind of Persons so presented, allowed and sworn to be Brokers, as aforesaid, have had and born the Name of Brokers, and been known, called and taken for Brokers, and dealing in Brokerage or Brokery; (2) who never of any ancient Time used to buy The Difference

' and fell Garments, Houshold stuff, or to take Pawns and Bills of Sale of Garments and Apparel, and eient and pre"

' all Things that come to hand, for Money laid out and lent upon Usury, or to keep open Shops, and fer.c Broker.

' to make open Shows, and an open Trade, as now of late Years hath and is used by a Number of Citi Zens, assuming unto themselves the Name of Brokers and Brokerage, as though the same were an honest 1 and lawful Trade, Mystery or Occupation, terming and naming themselves Brokers, whereas in Truth they are not, abusing the true and honest ancient Name and Trade of Broker or Brokerage.

II. And forasmuch as many Citizens Freemen of the City, being Men of manual Occupations and The aweof Iiandicrartfmen,

and others inhabiting and remaining near the City and Suburbs of the same, have left and given over, and daily do leave and give over, their handy and manual Occupations, and have and daily do setup a Trade of buying and selling and taking to Pawn of all kind of worn Apparel,

whether it be old, or little the worse for wearing, Houshold stuff and Goods, of what kind soever the 'tame be of, finding thereby that the same is a more idle and easier kind of Trade of living, and that there ariseth and groweth to them a more ready, more great, more profitable, and speedier Advantage and Gain, than by their former manual Labours and, Trades did or could bring the m

III. And forasmuch as the said kind of counterfeit Brokers, and pawn takers upon Usury or otherwise Friperersand n. ' for ready Money, are grown of late to many Hundreds within the City of London, and other placesbfokers next adjoining to the City and Liberties of the same, and are like to increase to far greater Multitudes,

' being Friperers, and no Brokers, nor exercising of any honest and lawful Tiadc, and within the Memo ryot many yet living, such kind of Persons Tradesmen were very few, and of small Number

IV. And forasmuch as there are not any Garments, Apparel, Houshold stuff, or other Goods of bywt at_me»r.s 4 any kind whatsoever the same be of, either being stolen or robbed from any, or badly or unlawfully purs compby tfek,; ' loined or come by, but these kind of upstart Brokers, under Colour and Pretence they be Freemen of Goods.

' the said City of London, or inhabiting in Westminster, where they pretend to have the like Overt Market as the City of London, and thereby presuming to be lawful for them to use and setup the same idle and tpe Inconve needless Trades, being the very Means to uphold, maintain and embolden all kind of bad and lewd Per Riercies enfuins fons, to rob and steal, and unlawfully to get and come by true mens Goods, knowing and finding that^"pftart B!CH 4 no sooner the same Goods can be stolen, or unlawfully come by, but that they final] and may presently utter, vent, fell and pawn the same to such kind of new upstart Brokers, for ready Money: (2) For Remedy whereof, and for the avoiding of the said Mischiefs and Inconveniences, and for renrefling and abolishing of the same idle and needleis Trades and upstart Brokers, and for the avoiding of Thefts, Rob beries and Felonies, and bad Peop'e, and for the repressing of such kind of Nourishers and Aiders of Thieves and bad People, and for the Defence of honest and true Mens Properties and Interests in their Goods: '

V Be it enacted and declared by our Sovereign Lord the King, with the Afient of the Lords Spiritual tliesaleof and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Sale, Exchange, Pawn or Mortgage of any Jewel, Plate, Apparel, Household stuffs, or other Orel not alter Goods, of what Kind, Nature or Quality soever the same shall be of, and that shall he wrongfully or, he Property of unjustly purloined, taken, robbed or stolen from any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic, and which at*£' 0

any Time hereafter shall be sold, uttered, delivered, exchanged, pawned or done away, within the City 1 hde'tp.b. of London or Liberties thereof, or within the City of Westminster in the County of Midrilifcs, or within Vol. in, D South

A Broker upon Requtft shall declare whatgoads be come to his Hands,

18 G. 22. Anno secundo [vulgo priino] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

Southwark in the County of Surrey, or within two Miles of the said City of London, to any Broker or Brokers, or pawn takers, by any Way or Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, shall work or make any Change or Alteration of the Property or Interest of and from any Person or Pedons, or Body Politic, from whom the same Jewels, Plate, Apparel, Household stuff or Goods were or shall be wrongfully purloined, taken, robbed or itoln; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And for the better maintaining of true and honest Dealing, and for the eschewing and avoiding of Falsehood, Fraud and Deceit, in such kind of Brokers and pawn takers

VII. Be it furthermore enacted and established by the like Authority, That if any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic, from whom any Jewels, Plate, Apparel, Household stuff, or any kind of Goods whatsoever, shall be wrongfully purloined, taken, stolen or robbed, shall require and demand of any such Broker or pawn taker to declare whether any such Goods be come to his or their possessions, and to declare, show and manifest the same, and how and by what Means he had them, or came by the same, and how, when, and to whom he hath delivered, conveyed or bellowed and employed the same and that such Broker, upon any such Request and Demand to be made, shall deny and refuse to disclose, tell or manifest. the same truly and julily, shall forfeit unto the true Owner or Owners of such Jewels, Plate, Apparel, Houshold stuff and other Goods, from whom the same were wrongfully purloined, taken, stolen or rob.

double the Value thereof that shall be denied and refused to be difdofed, told and manifested, as aforesaid; same double Value to be recovered by the true Owner orowners of such Goods from whom the lame were wrongfully purloined, taken, robbed or stolen, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill or Plaint, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the City of London, in which no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed.

The ancient

VIII. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not be prejudicial or Trade of Bro hurtful to the ancient Trade of Brokers within the City of London, using and exercising the ancient Trade Jrs, of Brokers between Merchant and Merchant or other Traders or Occupiers within the said City and the Liberties of the same, being selected as aforesaid.

Ann. C 16. 3 Geo. i. C 31. & 30 Geo. 2. r.24.

Enforced by9 Anna?, C 11. fed. 10.

1 W. M.

Stat. j. C 33. II Geo. 2. 0: 23. "The Duty of Tanners, cur iiers, Shoemakers, and of others cutting of i rather.

The Causes that former Statutes made against the abuses of Tanners, Curriers, &c. have not been performed. Lutw. 181, 14.09

The Penalty for gashing or watering of a Hide, or selling a rotten Hide.

Killing of Calves under nveweeks old.

Repealed by II & 23 Car. 2. C in fedf. 13. No Butcher shall be a Tanner,

Who may be a Tanner,

CAP. XXII.

An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, shoe makers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather.

WHEREAS the Laws and Statutes formerly established and made for the true and just tan C W ning. Currying and Working of Leather, have not taken that good Effect which was expected { well for that diverse of the said Statutes did not sufficiently provide for the Redress of those Deceits and Abuses which have been and are commonly practised by the Tanners, Curriers and Workers of Lea ' tlier; (z) as for that other of the same Statutes have been too sharp and rigorous, tying and binding the Persons occupying the several Mysteries or Trades aforesaid, to diverse Inconveniences, and sundry

and Things impossible for them to perform; by reason of which too much Stridtness and Rigour, the same Statutes have not been put in Execution, but have been in Effect wholly dispensed

(3) To the Intent therefore that a reasonable and indifferent Course for the true and well tan ning. Currying and Working of Leather, maybe from henceforth established and appointed, and yet the Persons using and occupying the several Crafts and Mysteries aforesaid may not be further or more strictly bound, restrained or limited, than the necessary Regard of the Commonwealth and general Com { modify of all Sorts of Subjects within this Realm requireth

27 H. 8. C 14. 5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 15. 2 M. Set. 3. C 8. jeliz. C 22, 8eliz. C 14. iseliz. C 9. 2 Salk. 609. Mod. Cases in Law 62.

II. Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Feast of St. Bartholomew the Apostle next coming, no Butcher by himself, or by any other Person, shall galli, (laughter or cut any Hide of any Ox, Bull, Steer or Cow, in staying thereof, or otherwise, whereby the same shall be impaired or hurt, upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Hide so gashed, slaughtered or cut, twenty pence. (2) And that no Butcher shall water any Hide, except only in the Months of June, July and Aitgufl, nor shall offer or put to Sale any Hide being putrified or rotten, upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Hide so watered, and for every Hide so putrified or rotten, and offered or put to Sale, three Shillings and fourpence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Butcher or other Persons, after the Feast of St. Bartholomew next coming, shall kill any Calf to sell, being under five Weeks old, upon Pain to forfeit for every Calf so to be killed and sold, six Shillings and eight pence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons occupying the Craft or Mystery of a Butcher, shall after the Feast of St. Bartholomew the Apostle next coming, " occupy or use by himself, or any other Person or Persons, the Seat, Craft or Mystery of a Tanner, during the Time that he shall use the Craft or Occupation of a Butcher; upon Pain of Forfeiture of six Shillings eight pence for every Day that he shall souse the Seat, Craft or Mystery of a Tanner.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Uo Person or Persons shall from and after the Feast of St. Bartholomew next coming, tan any Leather, or shall use, take or have any Profit, Gain or Commodity, of or by the said Craft or Mystery of Tanning of Leather, except such person or Persons as had atan house at the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament, and did then occupy the Mystery of Tanning of Leather; (2) and except such as have been or hereafter shall be brought up, instructed or

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 22, 19

taught as Apprentices, or covenant or hired Servants for that Purpose, by the Space of seven Years, in the mystery of 'Fanning of Leather: (3) And except the Wife, and such Son or Sons of a 'Fanner as hath been brought up, and hath used the Mystery of Tanning of Leather by the Space of four Years, or the Bon or Daughter of a Tanner, or such Person who shall marry such Wise or Daughter, to whom he hath or shall leave a tan house and Fats; (4) upon Fain of Forfeiture of all such Leather by him or them so tanned, or whereof he or they shall receive any Profit or Commodity by Tanning, or the just Value thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons uling the Mystery No Tanner (hsit of Tanning of Leather by himself, or by any other Person or Persons, from and after the said Feast of St. j'e a Cutter of Bartholomew, dial I, during that Time that he shall use the said Mystery, occupy or use the Craft or [>0. Car. 5?7, 'Mystery of a Shoemaker, Currier, Butcher, or of any other. Artificer, using or exercising Cutting or Working of Leather; (2) upon Pain to forfeit and lose all and every such Hide and Hides, Skin and Skins so by them or any of them wrought or tanned, during the Time that he shall use the Mystery or Craft of Tanning aforesaid, or the just Value thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons after the Feast of Who rmy buy St. Bartholomew next coming shall bargain, buy, make any Contract for, or bespeak any rough Hide, or caivesdklnsm' calve skin in the Hair, but only such Person or Persons as by Virtue of this Act may lawfully use the

Craft or Mystery of Tanning, of Leather, and shall tan the same, or such Person or Persons which shall taw the same, (except salt hides for the necessary Use of Ships;,) (2) upon Pain to forfeit and lose all and every such Hides and Skins so bought, or the just Value thereof: (3) And that no Tanner or other Per foreftauirg of son or Persons shall forestall any Hides coming towards any Fair or Market, nor shall buy any Hide and Hides, other where than in open Fair or Market, unless it be of such Person or Persons as shall kill the same Beast whereof the said Hide shall be, for the Provision of his or their own House or Houses; upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Hide so forestalled or bought contrary to the true Meaning of this present Act, six Shillings eight Pence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall or may Who may buy after the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord God next coming buy, fell, bargain, bespeak, or take Promise Leather to have, exchange, or put away any tanned Leather, not wrought and converted into made Wares, but not wrou& ' only such Person and Persons as will and shall work and convert the same Leather into made Wares, upon

Pain of Forfeiture of the Leather so bought, sold, exchanged, orputawray, or the Value thereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Artificer, and Buying Leather other Person and Persons using to convert tanned Leather into made Wares, as well Strangers born as, at Leaden hail others, may lawfully buy all kind of tanned Leather, to make or convert the same into made Wares, atin Londoi?> leaden hall in London, upon every Monday, the same being first duly Parched, sealed and regiltred, as is hereafter limited.

X Provided also, That the Sadlers and Girdlers may sell their Necks, Shreds of tanned Leather red, Sadlers and without incurring any Pain or Forfeiture for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said Feast of St. Bartholomew C " el '

next coming, no Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall after the said Feast occupy or use by him or How Hides (halt themselves, or.by any other Person or Persons, the Craft or Mystery of Tanning of Leather, shall suffer, fn "red m lr, n' any Hide or Skin to be in the Limes till the same be overlimed, nor shall put any Hides or Skins into any fan fats, before the Lime be wrell and perfectly fokened and wrought out of them and every of them;

(2) nor shall use, employ, occupy, or put, by themselves or by any other Person or Persons, anything'

or Stuff in or about the Workmanship or Tanning of Leather, but only alh bark, oak bark, Tapwort, \

Malt, Meal, Lime, culver dung or hen dung; (3) nor shall willingly suffer his or their Leather to be laid, or to hang, or to lie wet in any Frost, until the same be frozen; (4) nor shall dry or parch the said Leather with the Heat of the Fire, or of the Summer sun; (5) nor shall tan, or cause to be tanned 3113-.

Hide or Skin being putrified or rotten by long lying, either before the putting of it into the Limes, or after in the Water or Liquor, or by any other Means; (6) nor shall suffer the Hides for utter sole leather to lie in the Woozes anyless Time than twelvemonths at the lead; (7) nor the Hides for upper leaf hers in the like Woozes anyless Time than nine Months at the lead; (8) nor shall negligently work the Hides in the Woozes, but shall renew and make strong their Woozes, as often as shall be requisitej (g) nor shall after the said Feast of St. Bartholomew put to Sale any tanned Hide or Skin, which shall be al ter the said Feast wrought and tanned in any other Sort than by this Statute is limited and appointed; (10) upon Pain of Forfeiture of every ox hide, bull hide, steer hide, cow hide, or Skin tanned or wrought, and offered to be put to Sale, contrary to the true Meaning of this present Act, or the just Value thereof.

' .'HI And forasmuch as much Damage hath redounded to the Commonwealth, by Reason that di vers Tanners for their private Lucre have used to convert to sole leather such Hides as are altogether in sufficient for that Use, which Hides they do raise in the Workmanship by diverse Mixtures, thereby making t' e same to seem very strong and substantial Leather, whereas the lame doth in the wearing prove hollow, deceitful, and altogether unprofitable for the Commonwealth: '

XIII. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, tiling or which hereafter of HM shall use the Craft or Mystery of Tanning of Leather, dial] after the said Feall of St. Barthohnuzi) next villi ?'lixlures' coming, raise with any Mixtures any Hide, to be employed and converted to Backs, bend leather, clouting leather, or any other sole leather, except the same Hides be for Largeness, State and

Growth, fit and sufficient for that Use and Purpose; the same to be tried by the Triers hereafter in this present Act to be appointed; (2) upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Hides which shall be raised and converted to sole leather contrary to the true Meaning of this present Provision.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from the said Feast of St. Bartholomew aie of tanned next corning, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, put or cause to be put to Sale, exchange, or other Leather red and wile depart with any kind of tanned Leather red and unwrought, but in open Fair or Market in the Places inv 'ougiu,

20 C 22. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

Altered by 4. fac. t. C 6. fe. 3.

Leather nor (efficiently tanned ei dried.

Means to

©werhaften the Tanning of Leather.

Leather shall not take unkind Heats,

therefore commonly accustomed, and therefore prepared, unless the same Leather have been before lawfully searched and sealed in some open Fair or Market, or other Place lawfully appointed to and for the Searching and Sealing of Leather; (2) nor shall after the said Feast offer or put to Sale any tanned Leather red and unwrought, before the same be searched and sealed according to the Laws and Order of this Statute hereafter mentioned; (3) upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Hide or Piece of Leather so sold, exchanged, or otherwise departed with, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, six Shillings eight Pence, and for every Dozen of calves skins or sheep lkins, three Shillings fourpence, and the Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, and Leather in any other wise sold, exchanged or bought, or the Value thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons using, or which shall use, the Mystery or Faculty of Tanning, shall at any Time or Times hereafter offer or put to Sale any Kind of Leather which shall be inefficiently or not thoroughly tanned, or which shall not then have been after the Tanning thereof well and thoroughly dried; so that the same by the Triers of Leather lawfully appointed according to this present Act, for the Time being, shall be found to be insufficiently or not thoroughly tanned, or not thoroughly dried as aforesaid; That then all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose so much, of his or their said Leather as shall be so found insufficiently and not thoroughly tanned, or not thoroughly dried as aforesaid; that is to say, the whole Hide, Back or Skin, or other Piece of Leather, if the Whole be insufficiently or not thoroughly tanned, or not thoroughly dried: (2) And if the whole Hide, Back, Skin, or other Piece of Leather be not sufficiently or not thoroughly tanned, or not thoroughly dried, then only so much of the Hide, Back, Skin, or other Piece of Leather, as shall be insufficiently or not thoroughly tanned, or not thoroughly dried; the same to be cut out by the over sight, Discretion and Direction of the Triers hereafter in this Act to be appointed, upon the Oaths of the said Triers.

XVI. And whereas diverse Tanners for Greediness of Gain do overmuch hasten the Tanning of their. ' Leather, and for that Purpose do use diverse crafty and subtle Practices, sometimes laying their Leather in

their Fats, let in their old Tanhills, where it may be tanned in the hot Woozes, taking unkind Heat in the same Hill, and sometimes by putting of hot Woozes into their tan fats where the same Hides or

Leather lie, by which and other like fraudulent Practices they make their Leather to seem both fair and well and sufficiently tanned, within a very short Space: '

XVII. For Reformation whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said Feast of St. Bartholomew next coming, no Person or Persons shall set their Fats in Tanhills, or other Places, where the Woozes or Leather that shall be put to tan in the same, shall or may take any unkind Heats, or shall put any Leather into any hot or warm Woozes, or shall tan any Hide, calve skin or sheepskin, with any hot or warm Woozes whatsoever; (z) upon Pain that every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence ten Pounds, and shall also for every such Offence Hand upon the Pillory three several Market days in the Market towm next to the Place where the said Offence shall be committed.

XVIII. And forasmuch as Bark is of late become very dear and scarce, which happeneth partly by

Reason that diverse Persons do ingross and buy great Quantities thereof, and then do sell the same again at excessive and unreasonable Prices, and partly by the unseasonable selling of Oak out of the Barking

There shall be no Regrating or ingrossing of Oaken Bai k.

At what Time Oaken Trees to be barked shall be felled.

When Purveyors shall felltimber. C CBS.

aa Car. C 24,

No taking of lops,

Curryirg of

leather,

XIX. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall regrate, ingross, or get into his or their Hands by Buying, Contracting or promise taking, any Oaken Bark, before it be ltripped, or after, to the Intent to sell the same again; (2) upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Barks so by him or them regrated, ingrossed or bought, contrary to the true Meaning of this present Branch, or the full Value thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall from and after the said Feast of St. Bartholomew next coming, sell or cause to be felled any Oaken Trees meet to be barked, where Bark is worth two Shillings a cartload, over and above the Charges of Barking and Pilling, (Timber to be employed to and for the necessary and needful Building or Reparation of Houses, Ships or Mills, only excepted) but between the first Day of April and the last Day of June, upon Pain of Forfeiture of every such Oaken Tree so felled, or the double Value thereof.

XXI. And for the better Preservation of Timber, which by the Takers of Timber is spoiled through the greedy Desire of Gain of the Lops, Tops or Bark of timber trees';. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Taker or Takers, Purveyor or Purveyors of Timber, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall sell or cause to be felled for the Use of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, any Oaken timber tree or Trees meet to be barked, but in barking Time, (Trees to be felled for the needful and necessary Building or Repairing of any his Majesty's Houses or Ships only excepted); (2) or shall in any wise take or receive any Manner 01 Profit, Gain or Commodity by any Lops, Tops or Bark of any Trees, to be taken by them or any of them; (3) or shall in any wise take, carry, away, give, sell or dispose from the Owner, any more of any Tree to be taken as is aforesaid, than only the Timber of the same Tree or Trees to be used and beitowed, or employed only in, upon or about the King's majesty's Buildings or Ships; (4) upon Pain of Forfeiture to the Party grieved, for every Tree, and for the Lops, Tops or Bark of every Tree, taken contrary to the Meaning of this Article, forty Shillings; (5) and that it shall be lawful to the Party of whom such Tree or Trees shall be taken, or to any other for and in his Name, to take, retain, withhold and keep to himself all the Bark, Lop and Top of such Tree or Trees, any Commission or other Matter whatsoever notwithstanding.

XXII. And forasmuch as no Leather can be so well tanned, but it may be marred in the Curryin?/ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fenll of St .'Michael the Archangel next coming, no Person or Persons shall curry any Kind of Leather in the House of any Shoemaker

21

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 22.

or other Person, but only in his own House situate in a Corporate or Market town; (z) nor shall curry any Kind of Leather, except it be well and perfectly tanned; (3) nor shall after the said Feast of St: Bartholomew curry any Hide or Skin being not thoroughly dry, after his wet Season, in which wet Season he shall not use any itale Urine, or any other deceitful or subtle Mixture, Thing, Way or Means, to corrupt or hurt the same; (4) nor shall curry any Leather meet for utter sole leather with any other Stuff than with hard Tallow, nor with any less of that than the Leather will receive; (5) nor shall curry any Kind' of Leather meet for over leather and inner foies, but with good and sufficient Stuff, being fresh and, not salt, and thoroughly liquored till it can receive no more; (6) nor shall burn or feald any Hide or Leather in the Currying; (7) nor shall (have any Leather too thin; nor shall ga(h or hprt any Leather in the Shaving, or by any other Means; (8) but shall work the same sufficiently in all Points and respectst:

Upon rain of Forfeiture for every such Offence or Acts done contrary to the true Meaning of this Article The cuirio's (other than in galhing or hurting in Shaving), six Shillings eight Pence, and the Value of every such Skin So, f*!'urc fy or Hide marred by his evil Workmanship; (9) and for every Offence to be done against this Article in, ng 0'1' galhing or hurting by Shaving, double so much to the Party grieved, as the Leather shall be impaired % Saik, 609, thereby, by the Judgement of the Wardens of the Curriers, and the Wardens of the Company whereof the Party grieved shall be.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Cordwainer, Shoemaker, or other Person or Persons who shall euriy dwelling or inhabiting within the City of London or the Liberties of the same, or dwelling wi shin threein or Miles of the said City, and occupying wet curried Leather in his Art or Occupation, shall put or cause near on on' to be put any Leather to be curried, but to such Person or Persons as be or shall be free of the Company

of the Curriers of the City of London, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such curried Leather Or the Va, thereof. [Rep. 12 Geo. 2. c. 25.j '

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall by any Means occupy or put in Curried Leather any made Wares within the City of London, or three Miles of the same City, any curried Leather, be Ja, chef fore the same shall be searched and allowed by the Wardens of the Curriers of London for the Time Enforced by being, or such Persons as they shall thereto assign, and be sealed with a'seal therefore to be prepared; 13 & 14 Car. 2.

(2) upon Pain that every Shoemaker, and other Artificer Cutter of Leather, offending against this Artic' 7- fest. 14 cle, shall forfeit for every Hide or Skin otherwise curried or employed as is aforesaid, six. Shillings eight

Pence, and the Value of every such Hide or Skin. [Rep. 12 Geo. 2. c. 25.']' -

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person occupying the Seat or Mystery of a Currier, -, shall nopbe^anre'1 use or exercise the Seat or Mystery of a Tanner, Cordwainer, Shoemaker, Butcher or other artificer shoemaker, r r' using cutting of Leather, during the Time that he shall souse or occupy the Mystery of a Currier; (2) bu cher, C upon Pain of Forfeiture of six Shillings and eight Pence for every Hide or Skin that he shall curry, during the Time that he shall occupy or use any of the Mysteries aforesaid contrary to the Meaning of this Article,

XXVI. And further be it enacted, That no Currier or Curriers shall after the said Feast of St. Bart ho Within whar lomcw refuse to curry any Leather to him or them for that Purpose brought, by any such Artificer as is or shall be a Cutter of Leather, the same Artificer or his Servant bringing with him or them good and sufficient Stuff as is before mentioned, for the perfect Liquoring of the same Leather, and that the said Leather in the Presence of the said Artificers, Cutters of Leather, his Servant or Servants (if he or they will be present) shall be liquored and curried in all Things and Degrees perfectly; and if hemr they will not be present, it shall nevertheless be likewise liquored and curried in his or their Absence perfectly, with as convenient Speed as may be, not exceeding eight Days in the Summer, and sixteen Days in the Winter, after he shall or may take it in Hand; (zj upon Pain to forfeit to the Party grieved, for every Hide or Piece of Leather not in this Manner curried, and well and speedily dressed, ten Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Wardens of the Curriers for Curried neither the Time being, or such Persons as they shall assign and appoint, shall from Time to Time search and try j'/'j/*?1'1* all such curried Leather as shall be brought to any of their Company to be curried, and shall with a Sealan "9 "therefore to be prepared, with convenient Speed, not exceeding one Day after the Currying and Request

made, seal such Leather as they shall find sufficiently curried; (2) taking for every Hide lo sealed, after the Rate of a Penny for the Dicker, and for every six Dozen of calves skins, one Penny, and not above, to be paid by the Currier; (3) upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Hide which shall not be searched and sealed as is aforesaid, six Shillings and eight Pence.

XXVIII. And forasmuch as Leather well tanned and curried, my by the Negligence, Deceit, or The Cordwaio evil Workmanship of the Cordwainer or Shoemaker, be used deceitfully, to the Hurt of the Occupier er sputy >" t ' or Wearer thereof'; (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, Alins'^'

which after the said Feast of St. Bartholomew next coming shall occupy the Mystery or Occupation of a sbpptrt, Cordwainer or Shoemaker, shall make or cause to be made any Boots, Shoes, Buskins, Startops, Slippers or Pantofles, or any Part of them, of engujl) Leather wet curried, (other than deerskins, calve skins or goatskins, made or dressed or to be 'made or dressed like unto h'panish Leather) but of Leather well' and truly tanned and curried in Manner and Form aforesaid, or of Leather well and truly tanned only and well and substantially sewed with good Thread well twisted and made, and sufficiently waxed with Wax well rofened, and the Stiches hard drawn with hand leathers, as hath been accustomed, without mjxing or mingling over leathers, that is to say, Part of the over leather being of neats leather, and Part of calves leather; (3) nor shall put into any Part of any Shoes, Boots, Buskins, Startops, Slippers or pan rofles, any Leather made of a sheep fid n, bull hide or horse hide, (4) nor into the upper Leather of any Shoes, Startops, Slippers or Pantones, or into the nether Part of any Boots (the inner Part of the Shoe only excepted) any Part of any Hide from which the sole leather is cut, called the Wombs, Neck, -,

Flank, Powle or Cheek; (5) nor shall put into the utter sole any other Leather than the best of the:

Ox or Steer Hide; (6) nor into, the inner sole any other Leather than the Wombs, Neck, Powle or Cheek;

nos;

; C 22. Anno fcciiiido [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

nor ill tile Trefwels of the double soled Shoes, other than the Flanks of any the Hides aforesaid: nor shall. make or put to sale in any. Year, betwefch the lad of September and the twentieth of April, any Shoes, Boots, Buskins - tops. Slippers or Pantofles", meet for any Person to wear exceeding the Age of four Years, wherein, shall be any dry Englijt.\ Leather, other than calves lkins or goat lkiris, made or drelfed or, No Sale or shew. to be made or drelfed like unto. spanjj/j Leather, or any Part thereof: (8j nor shall show, to the Intent to shoes, ^tctsupon Put tq sale. Shoes, Boots, Buskins, Startops, Slippers or Pantofles upon the Sunday, (9) upon Pain the Sunday. of Forfeiture for every Pair of Shoes, Boots, Buskins, Startops, Slippers and Pantofles, made, sold, showed or put to sale, contrary to the true Meaning of this act, three Shillings and fourpence, and the just and full Value of the same.'.

XXIX. And be it further enacted for the true Execution of this Statute, That the Mailer and Wardens of the several Mysteries of Cordwainers, Curriers, Girdlers and Sadlers of the City of London for the Time being, by what Name or Names soever they be incorporated or intituled, or the more Part of the said master and Wardens of every of the said several Mysteries, upon Pain to forfeit forty Pounds for every Year that they make Default, the one Half thereof to be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Halftohimor them that will sue for the same, (z) shall by Virtue of this at four Times in the Year at the lead, that is to say, once every Quarter of the Year, or oftener if need require, as they ware^madeapdshall think good; make true Search and View of and for all Boots, Shoes, Buskins, and other Wares and initneaaon" Things whatsoever made of tanned Leather, in all and every House and Houses, Place and Places, privileged don shall bs or not; privileged, as well within the City of London and Suburbs thereof, as in every other Place within three touched. Miles of the same City, where any Shoemaker, Sadler, Girdler, Currier, or other Artificer, using cutting, iwtm. y working or dressing of Leather, doth or shall dwell, or occupy any of the occupations of cutting, work sefffi.; C 33., ing pr dressing of Leather, whether the same Boots, Shoes, Wares, Stuff, and other Things be made of Wareliof lealeather; and be wrought according to the Purport, Effect and true Meaning of this Statute, or thertimbeln, (3) And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Masters and Wardens of the said

sufficient jnay be several Myflefies. which, shall be for the Time being, to take, seize and carry away to their several com kbm'*car" itlpn Halls, all such Boots, Shoes, Wares, Stuff or other Things, which the said several Masters and W ar n away. dens. (hajbfind iri, their several 'searches insufficiently made, curried or wrought.

Who may torch

XXX. Provided always, That none of the said several Masters and Wardens of the said several com aadb. searchei panies of, Cqrdvrainersi, Curriers, Girdlers or Sadlers, shall search any Person or Persons', but such as use' '.*and exercise the Mystery or Occupation of the said Mailer and Wardens; (z) and that the Coachmakers

dwelling within the said City of London, or three Miles from the same, shall be under the Survey and Search of the Master and Wardens of the Company of the Sadlers of London.

Searchers and

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor of the City of London and the Aldermen for Severs of Lea the Time being, upon like Pain of forty Pounds likewise to be levied and employed, shall likewise yearly pointed by die" app°'nt eight of the 1110ft' substantial, honest and expect Persons, being Freemen of some of the Compa mryof cof nies of Cordwainers, Curriers, Sadlers or Girdlers within the City of London, whereof one shall be a Ppnjon, Sealer, and keep, a Seal for the Sealing of Leather, to be prepared, who shall also be sworn before the said

Mayor, and Aldermen for the Time beings to do their Office truly; (a) which said Searchers and Sealers shall view and search all and every tanned Hide, Skin of Leather, winch' shall be brought as well to the Market at leaden hall, as to any other lawful Fair or Market 'therefore' usually appointed within three Miles of the said City, whether the same be sufficiently and thoroughly tanned and thoroughly dried, according to the purport and true Meaning of this Statute, or iio; (3) and finding it sufficiently and thoroughly tanned and thoroughly dried, in such Manner and Form as by this Statute is appointed, shall seal the same with the said Seal.,

Searching and xxxiland be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Mayers, Bailiffs and other Head scaling oi Lea. Officers for the Time being, in all other Cities, Boroughs and Market towns of this Realm, and all partsvf the W Lords of Liberties, Fairs and Markets out of the Circuitor Compass of the said three Miles, shall upon Realm, like Pain of forty Pounds likewise to be levied and employed every Year that they make Default therein,

appoint and swear yearly two, three of more Persons, of the most honest and skilful Men within their several Offices or Liberties, by their Discretion, to search and view within the Precinct of their said Offices, Liberties and Authorities, (z) which shall, as often as they shall think good, or need shall be, make like r Search within their Limits, and flvall have a Mark or Seal prepared for that Purpose: And that the said. ' or one of them, shall keep the same Seal ormark, and with the same shall seal and mark such

.' they shall find sufficient, and no other: '(3) And if the said Searchers, or any of them, do find

si any Leather folcf or offered to be sold, of brought to be searched or feaied, which shall be tanned, wrought,

converted or used contrary to the true Iriterit and Meaning of this Statute, or any Leather insufficiently curried, or any Boots, Shoes, Bridles, or any other Tiling made of tanned or curried Leather, insufficiently tanned, curried or wrought, contrary to any Provision in this present Act, it shall be lawful to the said Searchers, or any of them, to seize all such Leather, Shoes or other Wares made of Leather: (4) and to retain the same in their Custody, until such time.as the same be tried by such Triers, and in such manner and Form, as is hereafter in this Statute, appointed.

Six Triers of j xxxiii. And to the End there may be an indifferent and equal Conrfe established for the Trying of ai poi'nte'd 'in* ah ffiich leather, Boots, Shoes, and other Wares made of Leather, as shall be seized by Virtue of this Abr; London. (2). Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the.mayor of the City of London for the Time being,

within six Days after Notice to him given of any Seizure made of any Leather, red and unwrought, within the Jprifdiblion of the said City, or t 'iree Miles distant from the fume, either by the Owner or Owners, or by the Seizers of the said Leather, shall elebl and appoint six honest and expect Men, whereof there shall be of the better, Sort of the Company of Cordwainers of London two, " of the better' Soft of the Curriers of London two, and other two of the better Soft of taritiitr's ufirrg tj^adtn hall Market, who shall be no kiir

23

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo prin^o] jacoj&i L C 22.

or of Affinity to the said Owner or Owners; (3) who upon their cbrporal oathsto be taken before the said.

Mayor, shall on the Second or third market day, at the furthest, to be hulden upon the Monday for Leather next after the said Seizure, in the Afternoon of the same Day. (to, the Intent the owner or owners may conveniently be present) inquire, straitly examine and try, whether the said Leather so seized.ifhalfbe Sufficient and Serviceable, of not, according to the Intent and.true Meaning of thi* present Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every other Mayor, Bailiff, or other -- Head 'officer or Lord Triers of tanned of Liberty, or his sufficient Deputy, out of the said Compass of the said three Miles, within, whose Prc Leather in other einffs or Liberties any such Seizure of any Kind of tanned Leather, red or curried, or of any Shoes;: ces'

Bciots or other Wares made of tanned Leather, shall happen to be, shall with all convenient Speed,; after

Notice unto him given of any such Seizure, appoint six honed apd expect Men, try whether the same > Lutw. isr. Leather, Boots, Shoes or other Wares so feiled, be. sufficient aildl according to the'tr; ie Intent of this Sta 2 Lutw j t tute, or not; the same Trial to be made openly upon some market day,: and within fifteen days at the furthed next after such Seizure made, upon the Oaths of the said Triers.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That.: if the said Mayor of the City of The Forfeiture

London for the Time being, or any other Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer of any other City, bo of Chief Officers rough, Corporate or Market town, or any Lord of any Liberty, Lair or market, shall make Default in [n? t^era1"* the Nomination or Appointment of any the aforesaid triers to be nominated and appointed in such Manner and Form as is before ordained; That then every such Mayor, Bailiff or othet Plead, Officer, or Lord V ( < of Liberty, Fair or Market, making such. Default, shall forfeit and lose for every such Default five. Pounds;

the one Moiety thereof shall be to the King's Majesty, his Hcirslor Successors, and the other half to him or them that will sue for the same, in any of the king's, majesty's Courts of Record, by Bill, Plaint, Information or otherwise: (2) And that the said Persons so elected and appointed for Trial of; he said Leather, Shoes, Boots or other Wares made of tanned Leather, so to be seized as aforesaid, shallproeeed and do their Duties therein without Delay, according to the true. Intent and Meaning of this present Act; (3) upon Pain that every of them making Default therein, diall for every, such several Default forfeit and pay live Pounds. - h. {., .-; -; K t /-]. j^i d s/iv*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That four of the said eight searchers and, Sealers ip Jo be ap The Swrcters

pointed within the Paid City of London as aforesaid, shall be at the End of every Year changed and removed, and Sealeia of and so many new clioien in their Rooms and Places; (2) and that no Person or Persons shall remain, con 1

tinue or be in the said Office of Searching or Sealing or Leather within the said City of London, above the in London. '

Space Of two Years together, (3) and he or they which shall.serve or be employed in the said Office

of Searching and Sealing of Leather two Years, shall not in the said Office be chosen, serve or ini ployed again, until the End of three Years at the.lead then next following; (4) upon Pain that every Person offending or doing the contrary, shall forfeit and lose for every Month that he shall so contrarily, use and exercise the said Office, ten Pounds. 1;, >., .1 -

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Searcher or Sealer of The Forfeiture Leather shall refuse with convenient Speed to seal any Leather Sufficiently tanned, wrought and tifed, or a Searcher according to the t sue Meaning of this present Act, or do allow that which shall be insufficient; That then

every Searcher and Sealer shall forfeit for every such offence forty Shillings) And further. That iforak ng ofja any Searcher of Leather shall receive any Bribe, or exact any other See for the Execution of his said Bribes.

Office than is by this present Statute limited, for the Searching, Sealing and Regiflring of Leather, that51'1"' 366-then every such Searcher or Sealer so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, twenty Pounds.:

(3) And that if any Person or Persons duly elebted according to the true Meaning of this present, Act, to and for the Execution of the said Office of Searching or Sealing of Leather, refuse to execute the said Office, that then the said Person or Persons so refusing shall forfeit and pay ten Pounds., ft, '

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all red tanned Leather which Lea, 1cj L "f1ht shall be brought into the City of London or within three Miles Compass from the same, " whether it be to to be vi wed anil be sold, or be bought beforehand, or ino, shall be brought to leaden hall before it be housed.in h.is.or registreil, their own Houses, and there viewed whether it hath been searched or sealed or no, and shall also.be registered by the Searchers to be appointed as is aforesaid, with Half such Fees to be paid for such of the said tanned Leather as shall be bought out of the said City of london.ox three Miles Compass from j,

the same, and shall be duly searched and sealed before it be brought within the said City, as is. hereafter

expressed for Leather to be sold in leaden hall; (2) upon Pain that every Person housing, or notbringing lc£lh^ b (lt

his Leather to leaden hall as is aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Hide or Skin six Shillings eight Pence. inbanhojomw

(3) Provided, That this Article shall not extend to any Leather to be bought in Bartholomew fair, or pii, orsou, h

a^//ftctfn -- af£rte, being searched, sealed and registered according to the true Meaning of this Act. wark Market.

XXXIX. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid - no tanned Leather shall be Searching and sold within the City of London or three Miles distant from the same before the same have been aain ornea searched and sealed by the Searchers and Sealers, by Virtue of this Act to be appointed to and for Londonr" ' the Searching and Sealing of Leather within the said city and three Miles; di|lant from the same, upon

Pain offorfoiture of all Inch tanned Leather otherwise sold or, the full Value thereof,

XL. And also be it further enacted, That if any person will after the said- -- St. Bartholomew The ren. il y so: next coming, wilfully withiland or deny any such Search to be made, according to the Tenor of this Act denying of as is aforesaid^will not suffer the said several Mafcers and Wardens of the several Companies Cordwainers, Curriers, Girdlers or Sadlers or other Searchers so appointed, to enter into his or their wares, '*House of Houses or other Place, to view and search at their Will and Pleasure, all Manner of tanned Leather and all Manner of Shoes, Boots, Mails, Saddles, coach coverings and Harness, and all Manner of Wares wrought and made or to be wrought and made of Leather, and to seize and carry away all such Leather, Shoes and wares as they shall find insufficiently tanned, curried or wrought or made

4

(her not sealed or registered.

The Penalty of

24 C 22. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

of ill Stuff; that then all and every such Person or Persons so denying and withstanding, and not suffering the said Masters and Wardens, and Searchers, or any of them, so appointed for the Time being, to enter and make search, and seize as aforesaid, shall lole and forfeit for every Time so denying and withstanding, five Pounds, itegirtring of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That such Person and Persons, as hereafter shall be assigned and ho^'ht'^and he npp0'nte<^ Searchers and Sealers of tanned Leather by Virtue of this Act, shall within the Limits and r'eemheiwf.'Precincts of every of their Searches keep one Book or Register, wherein they shall enter all such Bargains as shall be made for Leather, Hides or Skins, by any Person or Persons, during and by all the I'ime of the Fair or Market, being thereunto required by the Buyer or the Seller, and also the Prices of such Leather bought and sold, with the Names and dwelling places of the Buyer and Seller;

(2) taking for the Searching, Sealing and Registring of every ten Hides, Backs or Butts or Leather, with the Necks, Wombs and Dibbings, or other Pieces or Offal cut off from the said Backs or Butts of Leather, of the Seller of every such ten Hides, Backs or Butts of Leather so entered, twopence, and so after the Rate; and for every six Dozen of calvcs lkins or sheep lkins twopence; and of the Buyer, after tyre same Rate, and no more, greater, or other Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for Searching, Sealing or Entering of any tanned Leather.

The Penalty for

XLII. And be it turther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall, after Uatifern tre^Feast St. Bartholomew) next coming, fell, exchange, or put away, or cause to be sold, giflred.rn° rs exchanged or put away, any Manner of tanned Leather, red and unwrought, except he or they register or cause to be registered the said tanned Leather, and every Part and Parcel thereof, and the Price thereof; (2) upon pain of Forfeiture of the Value of the Leather so sold, exchanged or put away, and not registered. 1 >.

The Penalty for

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to or for huy ngof Lea any Person or Persons to buy any tanned Leather before the same shall be searched and sealed, nor to carry or cause to be carried out of the Fair or Market any Leather, till it be registered as aforesaid;

(2) upon Pain to forfeit the said Leather or the Value thereof so bought, and not searched and sealed, or carried away and not registered" ".

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Currier within the said ccrdw"iner°r'City of London or three Miles compass of the same, after the Feast of St. Bartholomew next coming, do omitring his curry any Leather insufficiently tanned, or after the said Feast do not curry such Leather as lie doth

Dufy. or shall curry, substantially and well, according to the Meaning and Purport of this Act; (2) or if

any Shoemaker, Cordwainer or Cobbler within the City of London or three Miles Compass of the same, after the said Feast of St: 'Bartholomew next, put any tanned Leather into any Shoes, Boots, Buskins, Startops, Slippers, Pantofles or other Things made of tanned Leather, which shall not be well and ptrfedly tanned according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; (3) or after the said j: Feast do put any curried Leather into any Boots, Buskins, Startops, Shoes, Slippers, Pantofles or other Things made of Leather, which shall not be well and sufficiently tanned and curried, and also sealed Mod. Cases in as is aforesaid; (4) or do make Boots, Buskins, Shoes, Startops, Slippers, Pantofles or other things

Law 165. made of English tanned Leather, in other Manner than is above specified and ordained: (5) Or if any

Shoemaker, Sadler or their Artificers, using Cutting or Working of Leather, do make any Wares of any tanned Leather insufficiently tanned, or of tanned or curried Leather, being not sufficiently tanned and curried as is aforesaid, (6) or do not make their Wares belonging to their several Occupations sufficiently and substantially: That then every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such several Offence or Default, the said Wares and the just Value thereof.

No selling of

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no manner of Person or Persons shall after the d^n bu^in open Cud Feast of St. Bartholomew utter or sell, or cause to be uttered or sold, within the said City of London Shop, Fair or or within three Miles Compass of the same, any Manner of Wares appertaining to the Craft or Mystery

Market. of any Artificer using Cutting of Leather, but only in open Shop, common Fair or Market, whereby

the said Wardens may have the true Search of the same; (2) upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Wares so sold, and ten Shillings for every Time.

AH Cutters of

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever now ivfar^london ^eing, or that hereafter shall be, free of the said City of London, of what Company soever, and all fnui be under Foreigners; English, or Aliens and Strangers born, dwelling or inhabiting, or which hereafter shall Sewell. dwell or inhabit, within the City of London or three Miles Compass of the lame, as well within Places

privileged as not privileged, using or exercising any manual Occupation of cutting or working of Leather into made Wares, shall be under the Survey and Search of the Masters and Wardens of such Companies of the said City of London, as the Artificers commonly using the same Mystery or Occupation, being Freemen of the City of London and of the same Cempany, be, touching or concerning only their Wares and Stuff made of or with Leather, in like Manner and Form as other Freemen of the same Company be or shall be, (2) and shall contribute and pay to the several Masters and Wardens of the said several Companies for the Time being with in the said City, as the Artificers using the same Mystery, being Freemen of the said City and of the same several Companies, shall contribute and pay; the same to be recovered by Distress or Action of Debt, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record; in which no Wager of Law for the Defendant to be allowed: (3) All

Who fhsh have 1 h till

ivi rja f" w'lich Pains; Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, of Sums of Money aforesaid, (except such Pains, nxtotvl "Penalties and rr*£ A'*" " "'

and Forfeitures, as are before, or hereafter by this Act shall otherwise be disposed) shall be divided into three equal Parts; one Part whereof shall be to our sovereign lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, 'and another Part to him or them that shall file for the lame in any of the Courts of

Information third Part

Record of the King's majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Infom {ir ytherwife} in which Suit no Wager of Law or Essoin shall be admitted or allowed; and the

A

it

D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] J acobi I.

C 22.

25

Part thereof shall goto the City, Borough, Town or Lord or Lords of Liberties, where the Offence shall be committed or done: (4) And all such Leather, Shoes, Boots, Bufldns, Startops, Slippers, How the wffiies Pantofles, Wares, Stuff and other Things whatsoever, made of tanned Leather or curried Leather, p rf tjfrtd which Brail be seized by Virtue of this Act, and Brail be found by the Triers to be appointed as is rated inlcn aforesaid, or by the Matters and Wardens of the several Companies aforesaid, to be insufficient, shall be don, ffi il) be forfeited and distributed as hereafter followeth: That is to say, such Leather or Stuff so seized within the distributod.

City of London or within three Miles Conrpafs of the same, to be brought to Guild hall in London, there to be prized by indifferent Persons, and the Value thereof to be divided into three Parts; whereof one Part to be to the first Seifor and Seifors of the said unlawful Stuff, and another Part to tyre Use of the Chamber of London, and the other Part to be distributed to the poor Folks, as well being within the New Hospital of St. bartholomew's in London, as to such poor Houffiolders as shall be inhabiting within the City of London or the Circuit aforesaid, " at the Discretions of such Persons as the Mayor of the said City and four Aldermen of the same for the Time being, shall appoint for the same: (5) And that all such Howtti? Wares Leather, Boots, Shoes, Saddles, Wares, Stuff and Tilings made of or with Leather as is aforesaid, which 'f*"red

shall be found within any other City, Borough, Town or Place within this Realm, out of the said City fetudtn Offi"er of London and three Miles Compass, insufficiently wrought, tanned or curried as is aforesaid, and shall Places, ffirii be be seized and tried to be forfeited in Manner and form aforesaid, shall be brought to the Common Hgll distributed. of every such City, Borough and Town, or to some convenient and open Place to be appointed by the Tord of the Liberty or his Deputy, where ho Common Hall is, there to be prized as is aforesaid: (6)

One Part of the said Value thereof to be disposed unto the Poor, and in other Deeds of Charity in those Parts, after the Discretion of the Mayors, Bailiffs, Headboroughs, and Lords of Liberties; another Part to be delivered to the Mayors, Bailiffs and other Head Officers of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, to the Use of the Commonalty of such City, Borough or Town Corporate; and where no such Officers be, then to the Lord or Lords of the Liberty where any such Forfeiture shall be committed, or Seifurehad; and the third Part to the Seifor or Seifors of such Leather, Stuff or Wares insufficiently tanned, curried or wrought, as is aforesaid, for his and their Pains.

XLVII. Provided always, That no Person to whom any such unlawful Leather or Stuff shall be given Forfeited Ware by this Act, shall give or sell any such Leather or Stuff to any Person or Persons that shall sell the lame, ^a^that wm upon Pain that the Buyer shall forfeit for every Parcel of such unlawful Leather or Stuff to be sold, con ftii it^agafn w1 trary to the true Meaning of this hft Clause, three Shillings fourpence'(

Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not in any wise The Authority be prejudicial or hurtful to the Chancellors, Vice chancellors, Proctors, Taxors and Scholars, °riffr°cers their Officers, Ministers? Assigns or Farmers, of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of Cambridge them, of, for or concerning the Authority of Search of tanned Leather, or any of the Forfeitures of the Search of lea lame, which they lawfully had or might have had before the making of this present Act so as they do in, berrefcrved. all Things observe such Order in, about, or for Searching, Sealing and Regiffring of Leather, as by this Act is prescribed and appointed, upon the Pain therein contained; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.'

XXIX. e And for the avoiding of all Ambiguities and Doubts which may and do grow upon the what shall be Definition and Interpretation of this Word Leather, '(2) It enacted and declared by there Presents, reputed Leather. That the Hides and Skins of Ox, Steer, Bull, Cow, Calf, Deer red and sallow, Goats and Sheep, being tanned or tawed, and every salt Hide, is, shall be and ever hath been reputed and taken.for Leather.

L And for the better Execution of this Act, be it further enacted, That all Justices of Assise, Justices What Officers of Gaol delivery, Justices of Peace, and Stewards of Franchises, Leets and law days, within their "n^pinhh'n^ l'eyerai Precincts, Jurisdictions and Liberties, and Mayor of London for the Time being, within the said Offences afoie city, and within three Miles Compass of the same City, and all other Mayors, Bailiffs and other Head said.

Officers of Cities, Boroughs and i owns, within their several Jurisdictions, Liberties, Precincts, Offices and Authorities, shall inquire of all the Premises in their sessions, Leet or Law day, and hear or determine the same, and also by their Discretions examine all Persons suspected to offend this Act or any Parcel thereof.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Manor, Liberty or Franchise immediately appertaineth The steward's to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Steward for the Time being of every such Manor, Manor of bs Liberty and franchise, shall have the like Authorities, Powers, Jurisdictions and Advantages, and also King';, shall bear and pay all the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are given, appointed, limited or laid by this Statute to or upon the Lords of Liberties and Franchises, as in this Statute is expressed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Currying and Dressing of Leather, commonly called dry dry currying currying and Frizing, shall be construed to be Dressing and Currying of the manner of Spanish Leather, Leather and of what Colour soever it be; and that to all Artificeis (other than shoe makers yearly between the raft who may use it, of September and the twentieth of April) it shall be lawful to use all kinds of Leather dressed and curried in that Manner of dry currying and Frizing as they lawfully might before the making of this Act, so thac the same Leather so to be used be well and sufficiently tanned, according to the Form prescribed in this Act, and also well and substantially dressed, curried and frized, in the Manner of dry currying and Frizing abovesaid.

LIII. And be it enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Part thereof, shall be This Act shall construed and adjudged to extend, to Wales as amply as it doth to this Realm, to all Intents, Con extendtowales. structions and purposes.

LIV C And farafrnuch_, as (notwithstanding the good Laws and great Penalties in that Behalf provided) great Quantities of Leather are daily trapsported out of this, Realm, and especially by the Negli gence and Corruption of comptrollers^customers, Searchers, and all their Deputies; 'Be it there

The Forfeiture of Customer Scz. fuffu ing xeather to be

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Leather wrought, cut, or unwrought, to the Intent transperted

nd not to seise or difeiofe it.

26

C 23. Anno fecimdo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

to be sold or bartered, shall hereafter unlawfully be transported, or purposed to be transported, into the Parts beyond the Sea, from and out of any Port, Haven or Creek of this Realm, or ivalet; every Comptroller, Customer, Surveyor, Collector of Tonnage and Poundage, and the Searchers, and the Deputy of any of them, or any other Persons hearing or knowing by any Ways of any Leather meant to be transported from any Place within his Office, and do not his best Endeavours to seise the same, or being transported, do not disclose or cause to be disclosed the same, within forty Days next after such Knowledge or Hearing of the same, in some Court of Record, so as the Offender may be punished according to the Laws in that Case provided, shall for every the first Offence committed against this Article, forfeit an hundred Pounds; (3) and for the second Offence shall also forfeit his Office.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Customer, Officet or officer's Deputy, that shall make any false Certificate of the Arrival of any Leather in any Port, Creek or Place of this Realm, flail also forfeit for every such Offence an hundred Pounds.

This Act shall

LVI. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor any Article, Exposition or Thing therein contained, Ucotifo Hides exten^ to any Scotish Hides to be brought info the Town of Berwick out of the Realm of Scotland,

brought to Her being registered in a Book therefore to be kept by such Person or Persons as the Mayor of the said Town, wick. for the Time being shall thereunto name and appoint, with the Name and Surname of the Buyer and

Seller, to the Intent the English Hides might be known from the Scotish, but that the Inhabitants of the said Town of berwick may send, carry and transport such scotish Hides as they lawfully might transport before the making of this Act. i, icences to dif

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by thfc Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Offenc'es'o 'hi ft*a^ at any Time hereafter procure of obtain any Grant or Letters Patents, purporting to give Licence fcitedbythtsaft or Authority to any Person or Persons to dispense with or tolerate any Offence against any Clause, shall be void. Provision or Article in this present Act, that then and immediately from and after such Letters Patents

Continued until or Grant obtained, all and every such Clauses, Articles and Provisions, so by the said Letters Patents

theend of the or Grant authorised or licensed to be dispensed with or tolerated as aforesaid, shall be utterly repealed, next session of void and of no Effect; anything in this present Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwith

rarfiament. standing: (2) This Act to endure until the end of the next Session of the next Parliament.

A Repeal of the

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well one Statute made in the Statute of fifth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen. Elizabeth, intituled, 'an Act concerning and ofaii for Tanners, Curriers, and other Artificers occupying Cutting of Leather, 'as all former Statutes, and mer Statutes re every Part or Parts of any former Statute or Statutes thereby repealed, shall from henceforth be utterly pealed by the repealed forever.

[3 Car. r. C 4. Continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, struerprcvifa* and farther continued by 16 Car. t. C 4j.

relating bento 13 & 14 Car. 2, C 7. 1 IV & M Sejf, I. C 33.9 Ann, e, 6. fe, 4. lz Ann, st.z.e. 9. 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. 5 Gee, ir C z, and iz Geo. 2. e, 25*

To what Eni Balfcers, Condors and Directors did watch upon Hills in fishing time.

Suits commenced against Balkers, con dorsand Fishers, for entering into the Grounds of others,

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Fishing in the Counties of Somerset, Devon and Cornwall and for the Relief of Balkers, Condors and Fishermen, against malicious Suits.

WHEREAS the Trade of Fishing for Herrings, Pilchards and sean fish, within the Counties of Somerset, Devon and Carnival, is and of late Time hath been very great and profitable, as well to diverse of the Fishermen and Inhabitants which dwell near the Sea coasts within the said Counties, ' as in the Cities of London and Exeter, and elsewhere within the Realm of England and the Dominions thereof: (2) And whereas also for the necessary Use of the taking of the said Herrings, Pilchards and other sean fish, diverse Persons within the said Counties called Balkers, Huors, Condors, Directors or Guidors at the fiftiing times for the said Herrings, Pilchards and other sean fish within the said Counties,

' Time out of Mind nave used to watch and attend upon the high Hills and Grounds near adjoining to the Sea coasts within the said Counties, for the Discovery and giving Notice to the Fishermen and Inhabitants near adjoining, when the said Herrings, Pilchards and sean fish come towards or near the Sea coasts there, and for the guiding and directing of the Fishermen in their Boats upon the Sea coasts for the taking of the said Herrings, Pilchards and other sean fish,

II. And whereas also now of late diverse Persons having Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments near or adjoining to the Sea coasts within the said Counties where the Fishing Places for the taking of the said Herrings, Pilchards and other sean fish are, have brought their Actions of Trespass at the Common Law, as well in the High Courts of Record at Westminster, 4s in inferior Courts within the said Counties, not only against such Balkers, Huors, Cohdors, Directors and Guidors, but also ajgainst such Fishermen and other Persons, for breaking of their Close, as have attended their Seans or Nets for the Drawing and Carrying of the said Fish on Land or Shore, and have recovered against them Costs and Damages, to their great Loss and Expences; (2) by reason whereof, such Watchmen, Balkers, Huors,

' Condors, Directors and Guidors, and such other Persons as heretofore have attended the said Seans and Fishing, have forbom to enter into or go upon the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments near adjoin ing to such Fishing Places within the said Counties, for the Watching or Discovery of the said Herrings,

Pilchards and other sean fish, cr to baulk, hue, condor direct, or to attend the seans or Nets as heretofore they have done, and will likewise forbear the same hereafter, if Provision be not had and made that they may lawfully enter into and upon such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as do lie near or adjoining to the said Sea coasts and Places of Fishing as aforesaid, for their Watching, Baulking,

Directing and Attending of the Scans, 4s is aforesaid

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 24. 27

III. For Remedy whereof, and for the Maintenance of the said Trade of Filling, which doth so 5alker', Con ' greatly tend to the Profit of many of the Inhabitants, within the said Counties, and others, '(2) Be it may en ea nto* therefore enacted by our Sovereign Lord the King, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the com the Grounds of mons, in this present Parliament auembled. That it shall and may be lawful at all Time and Times here ottrrs ", ak after to and for all and every such. Watchmen, Balkers, Huors, Condors, Directors and Guidors, and all otclircov<: rl'i)h such Fishermen and other Persons as shall necessarily attend the said Seans or Nets, as aforesaid, at the Times of Filling for Herrings, Pilchards and other sean fish within the said Counties where such Fish shall hereafter be taken, to enter and go into and upon any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which do lie or adjoin near unto any such Filling Places, and sit, convenient and necessary to watch and baulk in, or to draw and carry the said Fifii on Shore, and there to watch for the said Fish, and to baulk, hue, cond, direct and guide the filb' rmen which Ihfdl be upon the said Sea and Sea coasts for the taking of the said Fish, and to draw and carry the said Fish on Land or Shore; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Trespass or other Suit The Pica for a shall at any Time hereafter happen to be attempted and brought against any Person or Persons for en or fhheri^an'1' tring and going on the Land for watching of the said Fish, or for baulking, huing, conding, directing or Action of tef guiding olthe said Fishermen in their Boats upon Sea or Sea coasts for taking of the said Fish, or for the pais brought Landing of the said Fish, as aforesaid, by Authority of this present Act, the Defendant or Defendants in against him. any such Action or Suit flnfl and may plead Not guilty for anything doing by Virtue of this Act: (2)

And upon the Trial of that Issue, the whole Matter to be given on both Parties in Evidence according to the very Truth of the same: (3) And after such Issue tried for the Defendant or Defendants, or Nonsuit of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs after Appearance, the same Defendant or Defendants to recover his or their Damages, by reason of his or their wrongful Vexation in that Behalf, with Costs also in that Behalf sustained; (4) and that to be assessed by the same Jury that shall try the said Issue; or else by Writ to inquire of the Damages as the Case shall require; (5) for which Costs and Damages such Defendant shall and may by Virtue of this Act take and sue forth such Execution as the Defendant in a Replevin may do.

CAP. XXIV.

An at against the Deceitful and false Making of Mildernix and Powle davies, whereof Sail clothes for the Navy and other Shipping are made.

WHEREAS the Clothes called Mildernix and Powle davies, whereof Sail clothes and other Fur first.made in niture for the Navy and Shipping are made, were heretofore altogether brought out of France fra]ncei a, ndaf* ' and other Parts beyond the Seas, and the Skill and Art of making and weaving of the said Clothes prsffifedineng never known or uled in England, until about the two and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen land.

' of famous Memory queen Elizabeth, about what Time, and not before, the perfect Art and Skill of t ' making and weaving of the said Clothes was attained unto, and fithence practised and continued in this

Realm, to the great Benefit and Commodity thereof:

CII. And whereas of late many of the King's majesty's Subjects, not trained nor brought up in the m. ldernix made £ said Art, nor any ways skilful therein, have, notwithstanding, upon Desire of Gain, made and weaved, j"^n|l3"ddnei'

' or caused to be made and weaved, many Clothes in Likeriefs and Show of Mildernix and Powle davies, stuff nor well but in Truth neither made of such Stuff as the said Mildernix and Powle davies are and ought to be weaved.

' made of, nor so well driven or weaved, nor yet of that Length nor Breadth, as the true Clothes called £ jmildernix and Powle davies are and ought to be; (2) "inso much that the said Clothes do yearly and daily grow worse and worse, and are made more thinner, fleighter and meaner, than heretofore they have been, to the great Deceit and Hurt of all his Highness loving Subjects that are to use and employ the same about the Sails and other Furniture of their Ships and sailing Vessels, and to the great Damage

of his Highness Navy, the chiefest Strength of this Realm, next unto God and his Highness J and within short Time like utterly. Jo overthrow the Art and Trade of making Cloth of that Kind within this Realm; whereupon his Highness said Subjects, as well the Makers as Users of the said Clothes are'e much hurt and impoverished through the Deceitfulness, Unskilfulness and Ignorance of the Weavers

' and Makers of the said Clothes.'

III. For Remedy and Redress whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, with the Assent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons reliant, inhabitant or dwelling within this Realm, shall at any Time after the first day of August next coming make, weave or cause to be made and weaved, any such Cloth or Clothes for Sails, or Furniture of Ships, 1 or other sailing Vessels, called, termed or, known by the Name or Names of Mildernix and Pwle davies, 01 any of them, but such as now do use the same, or any of their Servants, or such as shall hereafter be Apprentices, and trained and brought up in the Trade and Art of making of the said Clothes by the Space of even Years together at the lead; nor shall set any Man to work in the making or weaving of any such Clothes, being not a Workman trained up before the first Day of August next coining in the said Art and Mystery; upon Pain that every such Person offending or doing the contrary, shall forfeit and lose for every Default twenty Shillings for every Month.

IV. And further, That no Person or Persons from and after the said first Day of August shall make or or what stuff, weave the said Clothes of any other Stuff than of good and sufficient Hemp, nor of any less Length than Goociness, three anti thirty Yards, nor of any less Breadth than three Quarters of a Yard. (2) Nor that the Weaver, grea^tli3 Me or other Person or Persons, shall sell or offer to sell any of the said Clothes before the Stuff be well beaten, dernix and fcowred, bleached, and the Cloth well driven with a brazen or iron Shuttle; (5) upon Pain that every pnwie itavics

E 2 Person

Who shall have the Forfeitures.

Ships,

21 H. S. C II

Cattle.

24 H. 8. C 9.

Cattle.

3 &4e4. 6. c. 19. Victual.

3 &4 Ed. 6, c. 21. Fife.

I Eliz. C 17,

Merchants.

5 Eliz. C 7.

Fife.

5 Eliz. C 5.

Carnes.

8 Eliz. C 10.

Purveyors.

13 Eliz, CII Ecclesiastical Pei sorts.

13 Eliz. C 10. Leafe3.

13 Eliz. C 20.

14 Eliz, C 11. lseliz. C 11, 43 Eliz. C 9. Ways.

15 Eliz. C 20. Poor.

i8eliz, C 3.

Francliifes.

27 Eliz. not printed.

Corn.

27 Eliz. C 14. Corn.

39 eliz. c. 16. Sewers.

17 Eliz, C 24. Measures.

31 el.z. c. 8.

Franchise.

23 Eliz. not printed.

Pope.

35ei1z. c. I, Drapery.

35 Ehz. C 10. Merchants.

35 Eliz, C 11.

Husbandry.

39 Ehz. C 1,

Hufbmdry. -39 Eliz. C 2.

43 Eliz. C 9.

Fife.

39 Eliz. C 10. Fife.

33 Eliz, C 7.

C 25. Anno secundo [vulgo primoj Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

Person offending or doing the contrary herein, shall forfeit and lose for every such Piece of Cloth woven, made or sold contrary to the Form of this Act, five Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the one Moiety of the Benefit of all the Forfeitures and Penalties in this Act contained shall come and be unto the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof unto such as will sue for the same in any of the King's majesty's Courts, by Bill, Plaint, Action of Debt, Information or otherwise; in which Actions, Suits, Plaints or Informations, no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection shall be allowed.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for continuing and reviving of diverse Statutes, and for repealing of some others.

BE it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, Thar one Act made in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, 'An Act for the true making of Ca ' bles, Halfers and Ropes: '

II. And that an Act made in the four and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, intituled, 'An Act against killing of young Beasts called Weanlings

III. And that two Acts mace in the Parliament held at Westminster by Prorogation, the fourth Day of November, and continued until the first Day of February next after, in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, the one concerning the Buying and Selling of Rother Beasts and Cattle; the other intituled, 'An Act for the Buying and Selling of Butter and Cheese: '

And that one Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, ' Alt ' Act for Preservation of Spawn and Fry of Fish:

And that an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An Act for avoiding diverse Foreign Wares made by Handicraftsmen beyond the Seas VI. Andfo much of another Act made the same Year, intituled, 'An Act touching certain politic Constitutions made for the Maintenance of the Navy, 'as is not repealed by any later Statute, nor doth concern the Transportation of Herring or other sea fish, nor Freedom of Custom, Subsidy or Tonnage' for the same, nor Transportation of Corn; together with all and every other Additions, Explanations and Alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any Part thereof, by any Statute or Statutes made fithence the making of the said last mentioned Act, and now Handing in Force:

VII. And that an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Bowyers, and the Prices of Bowsi

VIII. And that three Acts made in the thirteenth Year of her late majesty's Reign: One intituled, 'an Act that Purveyors may take Grain, Corn and Victuals, within five Miles of Cambridge and Oxford,

' in certain Cases; (z) Another, ' An Act against Frauds defeating Remedies for Delapidations; (3) The Third, ' An Act touching Leases of Benefices and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure, 'together with all and every Explanations, Additions and Alterations thereof, or of any of them, or to any of them, made by several Statutes of the fourteenth, 'eighteenth and three and fortieth Years of her said late majesty's Reign:

IX. And that an Act made in the eighteenth Year of her said majesty's Reign, intituled, 'An Act for the Repairing and Amending of Bridges and Highways near unto the City of Oxford: '

X Andfo much of one other Act made the same eighteenth Year, intituled, 'An Act for setting the Poor on Work, and avoiding ofldleness, 'as concerneth Bastards begotten out of lawful Matrimony:

XI. And that two Acts made in the seven and twentieth Year of her said majesty's Reign, the one intituled, 'An Act for the good Government of the City or Borough of lvef1mi7j.fier; '(2) the other, ' An act' Act for reviving a former Statute for true Making of Malt; '(3 j together also with an Act made in the nine and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign, intituled, 'An Act to restrain the excessive Making of Malt; '(4) And a third Act made in the said seven and twentieth Year of her said majesty's Reign, intituled, 'An Act for keeping the Sea banks and Sea works in the County of Norfolk

XII. And two Acts made in the one and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign; the one intituled, 'An Act for the true Gauging of Vessels brought from beyond the Seas, converted by Brewers for the Utterance and Sale of Ale and Beer; '(2) the other, ' An Act for reviving and enlarging of a Statute made in the three and twentieth Year of her said majesty's Reign, for the Relief of the City of Lin ' coin

XIII. And that three Acts made in the five and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign; one intituled, 'An Act to retain the queen's majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience; '(2) ' Another for Reformation of sundry Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens, according to a Proclamation of the four and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign; '(3) The Third, An Act for the bringing, in of clap board from the Parts of beyond the Seas, and the restraining of the Trans porting of Wine calk, for the sparing and preserving of Timber within the Realm: '

XIV. And the several Acts hereafter mentioned, made in the nine and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign, that is to say, An Act intituled, 'An Act against the decaying of Towns, and Houses of Husbandry.

An Act intituled, 'An Act for the Maintenance of Husbandry. and Tillage; 'together with such Explanations and Provisions as thereunto are added by the Statute made in the three and fortieth Year of her said majesty's Reign:

XVI. An Act intituled, 'an Act for the Increase of Mariners, and for Maintenance of the Naviga tion, 'repealing a former Act made in three and twentieth Year of her said majesty's Reign, bearing the same Title:

XVII. An

S

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. C. 25. 29

XVII. An act intituled, ' An act for Explanation of the Statute made in the fifth Year of hera Fprmtice.

' said majesty's Reign, concerning labourersr^zv 12'

XVIII. An Act, intituled, An Act prohibiting the Bringing into this Realm of Foreign Cards drapti y'

for Wool: '39eliz C 14,

XIX. An act, intituled, An Act against lewd and wandering Persons, pretending to be Soldiers or Mariners 7"

XX. An act intituled, 'An Act for the Punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars, 'p0or.

(2) with this Provision to be annexed thereunto by Authority of this present Parliament, That the said 39eiiz. c. 4. last mentioned act, nor anything therein contained, shall impeach, avoid, prejudice, or restrain such Ja. 1. c. 7. Liberty and Inheritance as John Dutton of Dutton in the County of Chester, Esquire, and his Ancestors, whose Heir he is, have lawfully used and exercised, in allowing Minstrels in the County Palatine and County of the City of Chester, and for Government of Minstrels there, and keeping a Court yearly for that Purpose.

XXI. And that the several Acts hereafter mentioned, made in the three and fortieth Year of the Poor.

Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, that is to say, an act intituled, 'an act for the necessary Relief 43 euz. C 3.

' of Soldiers and Mariners

XXII. An act, intituled, ' An act to avoid trifling and frivolous Suits in Law in her majesty's Courts Suits.

at Westminster 43ehz. c. 6.

XXIII. An Act, intituled, ' An act for the Relief of the Poor; 'with this Addition, viz. Be it poor. enacted, That all Persons, to whom the Overseers of the Poor shall, according to this act, bind 43 Eiiz, C X any Children Apprentices, may take and receive, and keep them as Apprentices; any former Statute to

the contrary notwithstanding;

XXIV. An Act, intituled, ' An act for the true Making and Working of Woollen Clothes (2) An Drapery.

act, intituled, ' An act to prevent Perjury and Subornation of Perjury, and unnecessary Expenses in 43eiiz. c. 10.

' Suits in Law; (3) shall be continued and remain in Force until the end of the first Session of the next Parliament. fiithe afokfaji

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That so much of every of the said acts as by any new act made in this Statutes contu.

Session of Parliament, shall be altered or repealed, shall stand discontinued. End of"he first

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That Session of the when the Prices of Corns or Grains exceed not the Rates hereafter following, at the Times, Havens and next paria places, where and when the same Corn or Grain shall be shipped or loaded, viz. The Quarter of Wheat e^p.

at six and twenty Shillings eight Pence; the Quarter of Rye, Peas and Beans at fifteen Shillings; the Com.'

Quarter of Barley or Malt, at fourteen Shillings of current englijjy Money; that then it shall be lawful When Grain for all and every Person and Persons, being Subjects of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, j^ned? lrarj to transport of his own, (2) and to buy and transport any of the said Corns and Grain's unto any Altered by Parts beyond the Seas in Amity with his Majesty, to sell as Merchandise, in Ships, Crayers or other 3 j 1c r. n., Vessels, whereof any English born subject or Subjects then shall be the Owner or Owners; any Law, cm, o2' J: lc' Usage or Statute to the contrary, hereof notwithstanding; and that the King's Majesty, his Heirs and iw. & m. stat, Successors, shall have and receive by the Customers and Officers of his Ports for the Custom or Pound gj, age of every Quarter of Wheat to be transported. by Force of this Statute, two Shillings; of every Curtom and Quarter of other Grain, Sixteen pence: Which said several Sums so to be had and taken as Custom or Poundage of Poundage, to be in full Satisfaction of all manner of Custom or Poundage for the said Corn or Grain, c»rn tranc by any Constitution, Order, Statute, Law or Custom heretofore made, used or taken, for transporting porle of any such manner of Corn or Grain.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the Corn,

king's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may at all Times by his and their Writ of Proclamation, to

be published generally in the whole Realm, or in any of the Counties of the Realm where any Port towns are, command. That no Person shall by Virtue of this act transport or convey any Manner of Grain out of his Highness Dominions generally, or out of any special Ports, to be in the same Proclamation particularly named, for such Time as shall be therein limited and appointed: (2) And it shall not be lawful for any Person to carry out any such Grain, contrary to the Tenor of the same Proclamation, upon such Pains and Forfeitures as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are and have been provided and ordained in that Behalf; this act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall incur any Penalty for Drapery, want of Length, Breadth or Weight of tveljh Cottons, under the Price of fifteen pence the Yard, or vifons"relating" two Shillings the Goad, so as they be not mixed with Hair or other deceitful Stuff; (2) nor for any others hereto, see above that Price, except they be mixed as aforesaid, or shall shrink above the Rate of Half a Yard in twelve 3 J of Length, or weigh less than fourteen Ounces the Yard, or hold not full three Quarters of a

Yard broad.

XXIX. And also be it enacted, That an act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the said late P queen Elizabeth, for Punishment of Perjury, shall be revived and continued until the End of the first91z C session of the next Parliament. 21 Jac. 1. C 28. §. 8.

XXX. And that one act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, in Sir frui, s tituled, ' An act against the Deceit of under collector of tyre Tenths and Subsidies of the Clergy: '14 lz C 7'

XXXI. And qn& other Act made in the seven and twentieth.year of the Reign of the said late Accountant. Queen, intituled, 'An Act for the Explanation of the Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the7 |j'zj c(5> 'reign of the said late Queen, intituled An act to make the Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels of Tellers, Receivers, itfe. liable to the Fayment of their Debts; '(2) shall from the End of this present Session of Parliament be revived and stand in Force; any Repeal heretofore made thereof, or of any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And that so much of one act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said late Poor,

Queen j4r'!z>c

3>

C

isr'i'tn.

47 filiz not printed.

Sanctuaries e tintt,

Apparel,

a Ed, 4. C 5,

Apparel.

3 H. 8. C 15.

Apparel, si H. sc. 9.

Appardl.

7 Ed. 6. C 3,

Apparel.

1 & 2 Ph, & M. ea.

Wood.

4 H. 5. C 3. Wood. 4ed.4. c.g.

Metal.

jj r.*. c. 11.

Poor.

5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 21.

Wine,

7 Ed. 6, C 5.

Trades.

4 ed, 4. C 2.

Apparel.

24 H. 8. C 13.

1 & 2 Ph. Sc M. C 2.

All Statutes that concern Apparel repealed.

3 Inst. 199.

Wars.

4 & 5. Ph. Sc M. C 2.

Leather.

5 Eliz. C 3. Continuance.

1 M. Self. 2. C The 15 laftsta ruies repealed. Marriage of Priests.

2 & 3 Ed. 6.

C 2f.

Ecclesiasticjtl

Persons.

5 & 6 Ed. 6, C fz. made perpetual.

The Children of Ecclesiastical Persons (halt be legitimate and inheritable.

A c&nfirimtion of cettain Orders before made for the exche acre

26. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for the Punishment of Vagabonds, and for the Relief of the Poor and Impotent, 'as concerneth the taxing, rating, levying, receiving and employing of Gaol Money, shall be revived from henceforth, and Band and continue until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

XXXIII. And be it also further enacted: the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the seven and twentieth Year of the said Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'an act for the Maintenance of the Pier and Cob of Lime regis in the County of Dorset, 'shall be continued and Hand in Force and Strength for and during the Space of ten Years next ensuing the first Day of this present Parliament, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

XXXIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That so much of all Statutes as concerneth abjured Persons and Sanctuaries, or ordering or governing of Persons abjured, or in Sanctuaries, made before the five and thirtieth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth's Reign, shall also stand repealed and be void.

XXXV. And also that an Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of Xing Edward the Fourth again! Fulling of Hats, Bonnets and Caps in fulling mills:

XXXVI. And an Act made in the third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act con ceming the making of Caps and Hats

XXXVII. And an Act made in the one and twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, 'An Act limiting the Price of Hats and Caps brought from beyond the Seas

XXXVIII. And an Act made in the seventh Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, 'An Act for the true Fulling and Thicking of Caps

XXXIX. And an Act made in the first Year of Queen Mary, intituled, 'an Act for the Sale of Hats and Caps made beyond the Sea

XL An Act made in the fourth year of King Henry the Fifth, that Patten makers Should make no Pattens nor Clogs of Timber called Afp, together with an Act made in the fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth, That patten makers might make Pattens or Clogs of such Pieces of Timber called Afp, as was not convenient or Sufficient for Shafts:

XLI. And an Act made in the fifteenth Year of King Richard the Second, touching Girdlers garnishing their Girdles with white Metal:

XLII. And an Act made in the fifth Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, 'An Act again! ' Pedlars and Tinkers: '

XLIII. And so much of an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the said King Edward the Sixth, intituled, 'An Act made to avoid the great and excessive Prices of Wines, as doth concern the selling of Wine at certain Prices, or forbidding or restraining the having of Wines in Mens Houses

XLIV. And an Act made in the fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth, That no Stranger or Alien Should buy any English Horns unwrought, and that the Wardens of the Horners Should have Power to search all Manner of Wares pertaining to their Mystery in London, and four and twenty Miles on every Side of it: [In Part revived by 7 Jac. 1. C 14.]

XLV. And that an Act made in the four and twentieth Year of the late King Henry the Eighth for Reformation in Excess of Apparel; together with another Act bearing the same Title, made in the first and second Years of the Reign of the late King Philip and Queen Mary, and all other Acts heretofore made concerning Apparel

XLVI. And an act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the late King Philip and Queen Mary, for the having and keeping of Horse, Armour and Weapon

XLVII. And a Statute made in the fifth year of the Reign four late sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act touching fanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather: '(2) shall likewise henceforth be repealed and void.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, intituled, 'An Act for the Repeal of certain Statutes made in the Time of 'king Edward the Sixth, 'shall stand repealed and void.

XLIX. And that an Act made in the Session of Parliament, held upon Prorogation at Westminster the fourth day of November in the second Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, and there continued and kept to the fourteenth Day of March in the third Year of the said late King's Reign, intituled, ' An act to take away all positive Laws made against the Marriage of Priests:

And an Act made in the Session of Parliament held upon Prorogation at Westminster the three and twentieth Day of January in the fifth Year of the Reign of the said King Edward the Sixth, and there continued andf kept until the fifteenth Day of April in the sixth year of his Reign, intituled, ' An act made for Declaration of a Statute made for the Marriage of Priests, and for the Legitimation of their Children (2) shall stand revived, and be in Force for ever, the said Act of Repeal notwithstanding:

and the Children of Ecclesiatical Persons in the said Act mentioned, shall be and continue legitimate and inheritable to all Intents and Purposes, in such Sort: as.children of Lay Persons do enjoy and may inherit j any Canon or Constitution to the contrary notwithstanding

- XXVI

An Act for the Continuance and due Observation of certain Orders for the Exchequer, first set down and established by Virtue of a Privy Seal from the late Queen Elizabeth.

'T\/TOST humbly pray your excellent Majesty, your most loving and faithful Subjects the Lords ivjl Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That whereas die late Queen Elizabeth in the thirteenth Year of her happy Reign, out of.her Princely Grace and

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi L C 26. 31

mere Motion, by her gracious Privy Seal, to the then Lord Treasurer, Chancellor and Barons of her majesty's Exchequer directed, did authorise and command them to set down and establish certain Or

touching the Awarding of Process, Discharge without Pleading, Discharge of Issues, and the Rates of Fees within the Office of the Lord treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer: By Virtue of

which her Royal Commandment, upon grave Deliberation, and with the Privity and Consent of

her majesty's then learned Council thereunto called, diverse Orders, being moll honourable and agree

to Justice, were conceived and established; which Orders be to this Bill annexed:

II. May it please your most excellent Majesty, for the Establishment, Continuance and Furtherance of her said majesty's then most gracious Intention, and of your majesty's most abundant Grace and favourable Inclination to the Good and Ease of your Higlmefs Subjects, that it may be enacted, and by the Au Certain Itiiies thority of this present Parliament, be it enacted by the King's moult excellent Majesty, with the Assent of the forfeited diafi be Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That all mannerremitted

of Issues lost and forfeited, or hereafter to be lost and forfeited, which by the true Intent of the same late queen's most gracious Privy Seal, and the said Orders hereunto annexed, ought to be remitted and discharged against her said Majesty, be, and at all Times forever hereafter shall be accordingly, by Virtue of this present Act, clearly discharged and acquitted against your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Lord treasurer's Remembrancer The Forfeiture for the Time being, or any of his Clerks, shall from and after the last Day of this present Session of Par fefnd sontrary" liament award any Process, exact any Pleading, or take any Fees, or otherwise in any Point demean him to the raid or or themselves contrary to the true Meaning of any the said Orders, that then for every such Offence which ders.

the said Lord treasurer's Remembrancer or his Deputy, or any of his or their Clerks shall commit, the Person so offending, (2) or in Case any such Person so offending be unable to satisfy, the said Lord treasurer's Remembrancer himself, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds; (3) whereof the one Moiety to be to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Party grieved, to be sued for within two Years of the Offence committed, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any your majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or Privilege shall be allowed.

IV. The Orders set down for Respect of Homage, by the Right Honourable Sir William Cecil of the The Orders for

Honourable Order of the Garter, Knight, Baron of Bnrghley, Lord Treasurer of England, and Master of iio of the Court of Wards and Liveries, Sir tfalter Mildmay Knight, Chancellor and Vice treasurer ofmaee'

her Highness Court of the Exchequer, Sir Edward Saunders Knight, Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, and other the Barons of the same, calling unto them Gilbert Gerrard Esquire, her majesty's At

General, and Thomas Bromley Esquire, her Highness Solicitor General, and made the fifteenth Day of June in the Year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred threescore and thirteen, and in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Elizabeth, by the Grace of God, Queen of England, France and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, C according to her majesty's Privy Seal to the said Treasurer and Barons in that Behalf directed, and witnessed under their Hands as followeth:

4 V First, That no Process, Ad faciend. Homagium is' fidelitatem, or Adfaciend. fidelitatem, or any Writ Fines streated'

' of Scire facias, Capias or Distress, from the Fines streated out of the Court of Common Pleas, shall out of the com

out of the treasurer's remembrancer's Office upon any Supposal, upon Pain by former Laws and mo" Ple: ls

Statutes limited, and by the Orders of the said Court in that Case provided, but upon a good and 11 ar 2. c. 24.

just Ground; (2) and the same shall be vouched in every of the said Processes according to the Book,

' Term, Year, Roll and Record thereof, that it may be certainly found: (3) And yet if by any known

Record remaining in that Office it may appear the same Tenure have been traversed, then the said

to be discharged by the said Traverse without Pleading.

VI. 2. Upon the Sfreat of the Original of the Chancery, of the first Grants of any Lands or Te Process upon die nements held in Chief, or by Knights service, or Socage in Chief, or of any Licence of Aliena fist st.re.at f.

Pardon of Alienation, Oufer le main, general or special Livery, or Inrolment of any of them, there, sen

Process shall be made only for the Service due thereupon, (2) and the Parties upon the same shall be

' admitted without Pleading, as it hath been accustomed, to make their. Fine for respect of Homage,

or to do their Fealty forthwith, whensoever they will appear, and pray to be received for the same,

paying the Charges of their said Fine, as hereafter is appointed.

VII. 3. Where the first Tenant in any such Writ from the said Original or such Inrolment is re the first't«nant 1 turned by the Sheriff", Mart or Nihil kabet, then shall go out according to the ancient Course of the returned Mon, "

said Court, a Dislring. tenent. against the Tenants of the same Land, to the Sheriff, to do their Ser or Nihil habtt,

vice due to the king, and to shew their Entry into the same; (z) who returning the Name of the Tenant of the Lands in the Writ, there shall go Process then every Term against the said new Te

to do their said Service, and also to shew their Entry, and they to lose Issues thereupon, until

they come in, and make their Fine for respect of Homage or Fealty, or do their Fealty upon, the same,

according to the ancient Course of the Exchequer.

VIII. 4. To avoid the Charges of Pleading, upon ftiewing of any man's Entry, it shall be lawful for every Person that by Force of any Licence of Alienation doth come to any Lands or Tenements held pildir^n 4 in Chief, assured to him in fee simple, fee tail general or special, or for Term of Life, by any Manner tain caiy.

of Conveyance in Lawr from the Party in the first Original or the Inrolment of the same, to bring the same Licence and Conveyance to the said treasurer's "Remembrancer, and thereupon the said Barons

32 C 26. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

' of the Exchequer, or the said treasurer's Remembrancer, finding the said Licence of Alienation to be good and agreeable to the Assurance thereupon made, and likewise agreeable to and from the said Original, and from and with all the Vouchers of the same, the Party to whom such Licence of ali tnrolling a LI C enation is made, shall be received to inroll the said Licence only, and to make his Fine thereupon for

te mso?ufter respcet of Homage, without any further Pleading, or other shewing of his Title for the same: (z) And

likewise whosoever shall enter into any Lands by Livery general, special, or Onjier le main, bringing

' the same and the Schedule of his Livery with him, he mail be received to like Inrolment, and making

of his Fine without any Pleading.

A Licence of 4 IX 5. Likewise whoso that hath a Licence of Alienation of Lands and Tenements held in Chief, Landsthereby are allured unto him by Fine, the same Person may also bring in his said Licence and by Fine. "*Assurance thereupon, to be examined as before in the fourth Article is mentioned, and the same

' agreeing together, and also agreeing from and with the Original, and from and with the Vouchers of the same, then the Party to be discharged without Pleading.

Writ of rever on.

X 6. Where any Writ of Reversion shall be made upon any Record for Lands or Tenements wherein the Prince is in Reversion, if it do appear by any sufficient Matter of Record within the 4. Court, that the Grant or Record whereupon the said Writ of Reversion is made, is clearly avoided or determined; in such Case the Party upon shewing forth of such Record, shall be discharged with out Pleading.

Manors of the < XI 7. Where there be two Manors or more, or other Lands and Tenements, of one Name in one entcounty.'" ' County, and the one held of the Prince in Chief, or by knight's Service, and the other not, in such Cases where the Matter shall so appear of Record, the Party that hath the Manor or Lands so not held, shall be discharged of the Process without Pleading, and the Issues thereupon lost, to be saved.

which be the 4 XII 8. The Issues lost by her majesty's Subjects, which her Highness of her gracious Favour and

fiuube dil31 ' Goodness hath appointed by her majesty's Privy Seal to be discharged, be as followeth, viz.

charged.

Some returned C XIII All ihiies lost and to be lost, upon any that are or shall be returned Tenants of Lands which h 4 they have not, shall be now discharged, though they have other Lands within the Shire; that could not they have not. 4 so have been before the said Privy Seal was granted.

issues lost upon ' XIV All Issues lost or to be lost upon any Heirs or Ward being within Age, or in Custody, or com wfrd within to any, shall be now as before discharged, that were wont to remain while the Heir come to full

Age! ' Age.

The committees 4 XV All Issues lost or to be lost upon the Committees of any Wards Lands by Lease, as returned 0! Wards by Tenant thereof, shall. be now discharged, that otherwise should have been paid by the said Com leae.«m; tte£; Sj jf they had any Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels within the said County.

Lands in the 4 XVI All Issues lost or to be lost upon any Lands in the queen's majesty's Hands, by Extent or queen's Hand otherwise, shall be now discharged, that otherwise could not have been by the Course of the

by Extent. t S'*

issues lost by - 4 XVII All Issues lost or to be lost upon the Farmers and Tenants of any Lands for Life, Years, Tenants for C 01- at Will, shall be now discharged, that were wont to pay them being returned Tenants thereof

at wiil.uars' r 4 by the Sheriffs, if they had any Lands or Goods within the Shire.

Lands of Te

XVIII. All Issues lost or to be lost upon Tenants of Lands in Chief by Extent, shall be now as narits in chief.«afore discharged, and could not so have been before, but were always leviable upon the Lands.

issues lost by the

XIX. All Issues lost or to be lost by sundry other Vexations, as well by untrue Returns and mif shenff svexa < returns of Sheriffs and Under sheriffs, shall or may be discharged, moderated or otherwise ordered,

4 as the Court shall think meet, that were infinite before, and could not be discharged, but the Party was driven to take his Remedy, against the Sheriff.

Lands held in

XX. All Issues lost or to be lost upon any former Grant of Lands and Tenements in Chief, that byanotherter are afterwards given not to be held in Chief, shall be now discharged by this Privy Seal, and could nure?° ere." 4 no way have been remitted, until the second Grant had been laid and pleaded.

Issues lost by

XXI. All Issues lost or to be lost by any Person returned in any Jury in the Exchequer, or in any Jurors. 4 Attaint or Jury in the kings Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, or in any Jury before the Ju

ftices of Aliize in any Court within the Realm, which at the Time of their Appearance appointed, were beyond Sea in her majesty's Service, or by special Licence in Writing, or were or shall be in Pri son, or in Ordinary of her majesty's Chamber or Houshold, and bound to their Personal attendance there, shall be now discharged clear, that before could by no Means be holpeji.

33

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo prim] Jacobi I. C. 27.

XXII. Ratafinium pro homag. tenent. Dominae Regina; per unum annum integrum respectuand. cum feod. Rememorat. Thefaur. & pro intrac. finium cum record, inde fact, ac pro feod. Attorn, pro eodem anno integro exhibit. Parliament.

Valour ter rarum. Fines re ginse. w Feod. Rem. Pro. ir Thef. trac.^w.

LI LI sd. d.

A C ad. LX X XX IV

LI LI marc. d. d.

A LX ad XXX dim. XX IV

LI LI s. d. d.

A XXX ad XX V XX IV

LI LI d. d.'d.

A XX ad XV XL XX IV

LI LI s. d. d.

A XV ad. X II XX IV

LI marc. d. d. d.

A X ad X XX XX IV

marc. s. d. d. d.

A X ad C XII XII IV

s. s. d. d. d.

A C ad LXVIII VIII IV

s. d. d. d.

A LX & infr. IV IV IV

Item, That the said Fines Hi all be paid after t therwife.

Pro feod. Attorn.

By some XL

By some XX

By some nil:

s. XL s.

'| XX

By some vos.

luntary Annu j XIII ities for all. s. Matters. X

J s. VI s.

L V

d.

IV

d.

VIII

These never Iofe Issues, but have their Fines paid, whether they come or come not.

XXIII

and not C —

' (2) According to the Paid treasurer's remembrancer's own Offer, for himself and the Clerks of his chargesforvek

Office, it is ordered, That he himself shall pay every subject's Charges, as by the Court of Exchequer ation bra'v?^it

shall be set and ordered, that shall be vexed by any Writ upon a Supposal, and not upon a good and just upon auppo 3'4 Ground vouched and set down in every Writ, as before is declared.

XXIV. The Clerks of tyre said treasurer's Remembrancer's Office shall pay all Ilfues that any of her issues lost after majesty's Subjects shall lose, after he hath paid his ordinary Fine for Respeit of Homage to any of theme ordinary for any Lands or Tenements, and so may be proved by any of their Acquittances, IV Burleigh, Walter of h0

Myldemaie, Edward Sanders, George Frevile, John Birche. Ex. per G. Gerrard, Thomas Bromley. Ex. per mage.

John Osbourne, decimo septimo Novenib. 16o i.'

XXV. Provided always lievertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, if in case it shall be Process awarded' thought fit, for the true Knowledge and Preservation of the Tenures appertaining to the Crown, and so fprtiie Preserv*. ordered in the open Court of Exchequer, that Process should issue out of the said Court against any, That "ures of thee' in every such Case the said treasurer's Remembrancer, or any his Clerks, may send out the said Process Crown, without incurring any the Penalties of this Act: In which case, no such Tenure appearing to the Court, Far, b"prowjhn the Party shall be clearly dismissed without any Manner of Pleading or paying any I ees at all. exch"aufr!&c.

i TV. & M, stz. C i, 8 & 9IV 3. C i8. z. C iz, 13 Geo. 2. c.zb. 33 Geo. z, e, i, 18, it £? 13. 1 Geo. 3. c. 18 (3* 20,

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against (hooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and against the destroying of Flares with hare pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow.

C t?orasmuch as there be diverse good and necessary Laws and Statutes which do infiicft and impose diverse aroyl^ofphe* 4 Jl great and heavy Penalties, Punishments and Forfeitures upon such as should with any Guns, Nets, fonts. Partridges, cross bows, or other Instruments or Engines, spoil or destroy the Game of Pheasants, Partridges, Hearn, Pigeon, Hart j.

Mallard, and suchlike, and upon such as kill or destroy Hares with hare pipes, Cords or other Engines, p jvstat'u 4 or should kill any Hare by tracing and coursing them with Dogs in the Snow: (2) And nevertheless of h. 7. C 17.

late Years, the several Games abovementioned have been more excessively and outragiously spoiled and !9h-7- C "*

destroyed, than hath been in former Ages, especially by the vulgar Sort, and Men of small Woith, pe'z.8f.caf.'

making a Trade and a Living of the Spoiling and Dellroying of the said Games, who are not of Suffici i3 Zhz. c.ho,

ency to pay the said Penalties in the said Statutes mentioned, nor to answer the Costs and Charges of any 3 Isc j C '>

that should inform and prosecute against them in any of his said majesty's Courts of Record at Weji j/cav'a'cs43cl Voi* HI, F

34

it & 13 Car. 2. e. is.

5 Anns, c. 14.9 Anns, C 25. 3 Geo. 1. C IX 8 Geo. 1. c. 19.

Burn n. I. 490 S.

One Witness sufficient.

7 Fac. >. CII fect. 8.

The Penalty for keeping a Greyhound, asetting dog, with Nets to take pheasants, C

The Penalty for selling or baying to sell again Deer, Hare, Partridge orphea fant.

No Pun: (hment by any former Law where it is inflioed by this.

"Which Officers may hear and determine these Offences.

Who may take Pheasants and Pat ridges with Nets, and when

C 27. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

' minster, upon any of the said Penal Laws and Statutes; (3) by Reason whereof few Suits have been at tempted upon the said Laws, and for the said Forfeitures, whereby the Good thereby meant and hoped hath not succeeded, and thereby great Scarcity of the said Games in all, or in the moil Parts of this Realm, hath followed, and presently is, and fois like to be, if some Remedy be not in that Behalf provided: '

II. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every Person and Persons, which from and after the first Day of August next following shall (hoot at, kill or destroy with any Gun, crossbow, stone bow or longbow, any Pheasant, Partridge, house dove or Pigeon, Hearn, Mallard, Duck, Teal, Widgeon, Grouse, heath cock, Moregame, or any such Fowl, or any Hare;

(2) or after the said first Day of August shall take, kill or destroy any Pheasant, Partridge, house dove or Pigeon, with setting dogs apd Nets, or with any Manner of Nets, Snares, Engines or Inltniments whatsoever; shall take the Eggs of any Pheasant, Partridge or Swans out of the Nells, or willingly break, spoil or destroy tyre same in the Nell; (3)0r after the said first Day of August shall trace or course any Hares in the Snow, or at any Time take or destroy any Hares with any hare pipes, Cords, or with any such Instruments' or other Engines: (4) And the same Offence or Offences being proved, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of two sufficient Witnesses upon Oath before two or more Justices of Peace of the same County, City or Town Corporate, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Party offending apprehended, shall be by the said Justices of Peace, for every such Offence committed to the common Gaol of the said County, City or Town Corporate, where the Offence shall be committed, or the Parties apprehended, there to remain for three Months without Bail or Mainprise, unless that the said Offender do or shall forthwith upon the said Conviction, pay or cause to be paid, to the Churchwardens of the said Parish where the said Offence shall be committed, or the Party apprehended, to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pheasant, Partridge, house dove Pigeon, Hearn, Mallard, Duck, Teal, Widgeon, Grouse, heath cock, Moregame or any. such Fowl, and for every Egg of Pheasant, Partridge or Swans, and for every Hare, which any and every such Person and Persons so offending and convicted as aforesaid, shall take, kill, or willingly destroy, contrary to the true Purport and true Meaning of this Statute; (5) or after one Month after his Commitment, together with two sufficient Sureties, become bound by Recognisance in the Sum of twenty Pounds apiece to the King's majesty's Use, his Heirs and Successors, with Condition that he the said Party so offending shall not at any Time thereafter shoot at, kill, take or destroy any of the said Games before mentioned, by any of the Means aforesaid: Which said Recognizances shall be taken by any two or more Justices of Peace of the said County, City or Town Corporate, where the Offender shall be so imprisoned as aforesaid, and shall be returned to the then next Quarter sessions, and there to remain of Record as other Recognizances taken for the Peace.

III. And for the better Preservation of Deer, Hares and other the Games aforesaid, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons which from or after the said first Day of August shall have or keep any Greyhound for coursing of Deer or Hare, or setting dog of Dogs, i2) or Net or Nets, to take rheafants or Partridges, (3) except such Person or Persons which shall be ieifea in their own Right or in the Right of their Wives, of Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of ten Pounds by the Year or more, over and above all Charges and Reprises, of some Elf ate of Inheritance; (4) or of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, for Term of Lire or Lives, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds over and above all Charges and Reprises; (5) or be possess'd of Goods or Chattels to the full Value of two Hundred Pounds to ni's own Use; (6) or be the Son or Sons of any Knight, or of any Baron of Parliament, or of some Person of higher Degree, or the Son and Heir apparent of any Esquire; (7) and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall by the said Justices of the Peace be committed and imprisoned in Manner and Form as in and by this present Act before is expressed, specified and declared: Except such Person and Persons so offending and thereof convicted as aforesaid, do forthwith pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwardens of the said Parish where the said Offence shall be committed, or the Party apprehended, to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, the Sum of forty Shillings of good and lawful Money of England.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons which at any i Time after the said first Day of August shall sell or buy to sell again, any Deer, Hare, Partridge or Pheasant, (except Partridge and Pheasants reared and brought up in House or Houses, or brought from beyond the Seas) shall forfeit for every Deer so bought and sold, forty Shillings, for every Hare ten Shillings, and for every Partridge ten Shillings, and for every Pheasant lo to be bought and sold twenty Shillings: (2) Of all which Forfeitures the one Moiety shall be to him or them that will sue for the same by Bill, Indictment or Information, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the said Offence or Offences shall be committed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall or may after the said first Day of August be punished by Force of any former Statute or Law, for any of the said Offences for which by Force of this Law any Punishment shall be infliited: (2) And that all Justices of Assize in their several Circuits, and all Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter sessions, and any two Justices of Peace or more together out of any Sessions, shall and may by force of this present Act have full Power and Authority to examine, hear, punish and determine all Offences to be committed against this present Statute, and to administer Oaths as aforesaid, and perforin and execute all and every Act and Thing fit or requisite for the due Execution of this present Act.

VI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for every Person or Persons which have or shall have free warr.n, and to and for every Lord of a Manor, and to every Freeholder which is or shall be seized in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, of lards, Tenements or hereditaments to the clear

4

A.D. 1604. Anno secundo [vulgo primoj Jacobi I. G. 28-31. 35

yearly Value of ten Pounds or more by the Year, over and above all Charges or Reprises, of some Estate Repealed by of Inheritance; (2) or of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in his own Right or in the Right of his CL

Wise, for Term of Life or Lives, of the yearly V alue of thirty Pounds over and above all Charges and Reprises.; (3) or be or which shall be worth in Goods or Chattels two hundred Pounds; (4) by him or themselves, or by his or their menial Servants (sufficiently authorised from his or their Mailer for that Purpose) (5) to take Pheasants and Partridges in the daytime only with Nets, in and upon his and their own or his and their Matters free Warren, Manor and Freehold or on any Part of them, betwixt the feast.of St. Michael the Archangel and the Feast of the Birth of our Lord God yearly; anything in this Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Licence to Caooi every Person and Persons keeping any Hawk or Hawks, which at the General Quarter sessions of the County hawks' mer (where he and they shall dwell) shall be licensed, to (hoot hail (hot in hand guns or birding pieces, at a Crow, Chough, Pie, Rook, ring dove, Jey or smaller Birds, for hawks meat only, to shoot and kill hawks ineat, according to the said Licence only: (2) so that such Party so to be licensed do at the same Quarter sessions wherein he shall be licensed, become bound to the King's Majesty by Recognisance in twenty Pounds not to (hoot at any the Fowl or Game at which (hooting is prohibited by this Law;

(3) and so that he or they shall not (hoot in any hand gun or other Gun, within six hundred Paces of any Hernery, nor within one hundred Paces of any pigeon house, nor in any Park, Forest or Chase, whereof the Party so licensed or his Matter, is or shall not be the Owner, Keeper, or Governor: (4) for which Licence and Recognisance the Clerk of the Peace is to take only twelve Pence and no more.

(5) This Law to continue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued Continuance of until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament; and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4. fa^ierfmi

Jiom relating to Game, 10 Geo. 2. c. 31. and S Geo. z, ct 12*

CAP. XXVIII.

A Confirmation of the King's Letters Patents, bearing Date at Westminster 30 die Aprilis, Anno 2 Regis Jacobi, granted to the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the Franchises, Liberties and Customs of the said Borough. PR. 22 Ed. 4. C S.

CAP. XXIX.

To what Sorts of flesh, Licences to eat flesh in Lent shall not extend. What Sort of Flesh shall not be killed in Lent to be put to Sale. EXP. 5 El. C 5. 35 El. C 7.

CAP. XXX.

The Inhabitants of Melccmb regis in the County of Dorset, within the Diocese of Bristol, may at their own Costs build a Church upon the Ground where the Chapel now (landeth, and the Grounds adjoining, convenient to receive the Inhabitants of Radipol, and enclose the watte Grounds adjoining, to make a churchyard for a Place of Burial; after which Church is builded it shall be called the Parochial Church of Radipol; and the new Parson of Radipol and his Successors shall be Parsons thereof: And the old Parish Church of Radipol shall be but a Chapel of Ease: And the Patron of the old Parish Church of Radipol shall be Patron of the new. And a new Mansion house in Melcomb regis assigned to the said Parson and his Successors for ever.

PR.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the charitable Relief and ordering of Persons infected with the Plague.

tt'orasmuch as the Inhabitants of diverse Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and of other Parishes Several Provi ' JP and Places, being visited with the Plague, are found to be unable to relieve the poorer Sort of such (ions made for

People so infebted, who of Necessity mutt be by some charitable Course provided for, lest they Should

' wander abroad and thereby insect others: (2) And forasmuch as diverse Persons infected with that Dif piae?'*

' ease, and others inhabiting in Houses and Places infected, as well poor People and unable to relieve themselves that are carefully provided for, as others which of themselves are of Ability, being coin manded by the.magistrate or Officer, of or within the Place where the Infection shall be, to keep their Houses, or otherwise to separate themselves from Company for the avoiding of further Infection, do not

very dangerously and disorderly misdemean themselves: '

II. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the Mayor, Bailiffs, Head T, xtr.^ cf)e In. Officers and Justices of Peace of every City, Borough, Town Corporate and Places privileged, where any habitants for Mayor and Bailiffs, Head Officers or Justices of Peace are or shall be, or any two of them, shall have Ittiiefoi the Power and Authority from Time to Time, to tax and assess all and every Inhabitant, and ail Houses of e

Habitation, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within the said City, Borough, Town Corporate and 3t90. Places privileged, or the Liberties or Precincts thereof, at such reasonable Taxes and Payments as they shall think fit for the reasonable Relief of such Persons infected, or inhabiting in Houses and Places infected in the same Cities, Boroughs and Towns Corporate, and Places privileged, (2) and from Time to Time to levy the same Taxes of the Goods of every Person refilling or neglecting to pay the said Taxes, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor and Bailiffs, and Head Officers aforesaid, or two such justices of Peace, to be directed to any Person or Persons for the Execution thereof.

III. And if the Party to whom such Warrant is or shall be directed shall not find any Goods to levy

F z'the

able to relieve the Sick,

A Provision if the infection shall be where there are no ju llices of Peace.

The Taxes af ftffed shall be certified at the next Quarter sessions,

36 C 31. Anno l'ecundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi I. A.D. 1604.

The Penalty of the same, and the Party taxed shall refuse to pay the same Tax, That then upon Return thereof the relufii^gto hud Mayor, Bailiffs, Head Officers or Justices of Peace or any two of them, shall by like Warrant and having no under their Hands and Seals cause the same Person so taxed to be arrested and committed to the Gaol Goods. without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall satisfy the same Taxation and the Arrearages thereof.

IV. And if the Inhabitants of any such City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place privileged, shall A Provision if fjncj themselves unable to relieve their said poor infected Persons and others as aforesaid, That then of, isle town^n up°u Certificate thereof by the Mayor, Bailiff, Head Officers and other the said Justices of Peace, or frfiedbenot any two of them, to the Justices of Peace of the County of or near to the said City, Borough Town

Corporate or privileged Place so infected, or any two of them to be made, the said Justices of or near the said County or any two of them, shall or may tax and assess the Inhabitants of the County within five Miles of the said Place infefted, at such reasonable weekly Taxes and Rates as they shall think fit, to be levied by Warrant from any such two Justices of Peace of or near the County, by Sale of Goods, and in Default thereof by Imprisonment of the Body of the Party taxed as aforesaid.

V. And if any such Infection shall be in any Borough, Town Corporate or privileged Place where there are or shall be no Justices of Peace, or in any Village or Hamlet within any County, That then it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of Peace of the said County wherein the said Place infected is or shall be, to tax and assess the Inhabitants of the said County within five Miles of the said Place infefted, at such reasonable weekly Taxes and Rates as they shall think fit, for the reasonable Relief of the said Places infeetted, to be levied by Warrant from the said Justices of Peace of the same County by Sale of Goods, and in Default thereof by Imprisonment of the Body of every Partyfo taxed as aforesaid: The same Taxes made by the said Justices of Peace of the County for the Relief of such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate and Places privileged where there are no Justices of Peace, to be disposed as they shall think fit; and where there are Justices of Peace then in such Sort as to the Mayors, Bailiffs, Head Officers and Justices of Peace there or any two of them shall seem fit and convenient.

VI. All which Taxes and Rates made within any such City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place privileged, 'shall be certified at the next Quarter sessions to be held within the said City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place privileged; (2) and the said Taxes and Rates made within any Part of the said County, shall in like Sort be certified at the next Quarter sessions to be held in and for the said County; (3) and that if the justices of Peace at such Quarter sessions respectively, or the more Part of them, shall think it fit the said Tax or Rate should continue, or be enlarged or extended to any other Parts of the County, or otherwise determined, then the same to be so enlarged, extended or determined, increased or taxed and levied in Manner and Form aforesaid, as to the said Justices at the Quarter sessions respectively shall be thought fit and convenient: (4) And every Constable and other

The Forfeiture Officer that shall wilfully make Default in levying such Money as they shall be commanded by the said of officers make Warrant or Warrants, shall forfeit for every such Offence ten Shillings, to be employed on the charit

ing Denultto i 1 ttr r r j'1 07 rj

levy t C Morey able Uses aforesaid.

assessed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons infected, or being or dwelling in any

An iofeftecjper House infected, shall be by the Mayor, Bailiffs, Constable or other Head Officer of any City, Borough, tokeephrsanded Town Corporate, privileged Place or Market town, or by any Justice of Peace, Constable, Headborough House, difobty or other O'ccer of the County (if any such Infection be out of any City, Borough, Town Corporate, privileged Place or Market town) commanded or appointed, as aforesaid, to keep his or their House, for avoiding of further infection, and shall notwithstanding wilfully and contemptuously disobey such Direction and Appoifitment, offering and attempting to break out and go Abroad, and to refill, or going Abroad and refitting such Keepers or Watchmen as shall be appointed, as aforesaid, to see them kept in; that then it shall be lawful for such Watchmen with Violence to enforce them to keep their Houses: And if any Hurt come by such Inforcement to such disobedient Persons, that then the said Keepers, Watchmen and any other their Assistants, shall not be impeached therefore: (2) And if any inte&ed Person as aforesaid, so commanded to keep House, shall, contrary to such Commandment, wilfully and contemptuously go Abroad, and shall converse in Company, having any infectious Sore upon him uncured, that then such Person and Persons shall be taken, deemed and adjudged as a Felon, and to suffer Pains of Death as in Case of Felony: (3) But if such Person shall not have any such Sore found about him, then for his said Offence to be punished as a Vagabond in all respects mould or ought to be, by the Statute made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, for the Punishment of Rogues and Vagabonds; and further, to be bound to his or their Good Behaviour for one whole Year.

VIII. Provided, That no Attainder of Felony by Virtue of this Act shall extend to any Attainder or Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture of any Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for Justices of Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs and other Head Officers aforesaid, to appoint within their several Limits Searchers, Watchmen, Examiners, Keepers and Buriers, for the Persons and Places respectively infefted as aforesaid, and to minister unto them Oaths for the Performance of their Offices of Searchers, Examiners, Watchmen, Keepers, and Buriers, and give them other Directions, as unto them for the present Necef

fity shall seem good in their Discretions; (2) and this atto continue no longer than until the End of the

mceofthcsafl. seffi()n of the next parliament.

39 Ekz. C 4.

Attendants shall he appointed upon the in seed.

The Continu

rhe universities. Cathedral

X Provided always, and be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That no Mayors, Bailiffs, Head Officers, or any Justices of Peace, shall by Force or Pretext of anything in this Act

'wm'.ifeiler contained, do or execute anything before mentioned within either the Universities of Cambridge or 'College. ".. Oxfordf

37

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 1.

Oxford, or within any Cathedral Church, or the Liberties or Precincts thereof, in this Realm of England,

<ir within the Colleges of Eaton or Winchester, (2) but. that the vice-chancellor of either of the uni verfities for the Time being, within either of the same respectively, and the Bishop and Dean of every such Cathedral Church, or one of them, within such Cathedral Church, and the Provost or Warden of either of the said Colleges within the same, shall have all such Power and Authority, and shall do and execute all and every such al and Acts, Thing and Things in this at before mentioned, within their several Precincts and Jurisdictions abovesaid, vas wholly, absolutely and fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Mayor, Bailiffs, Head Officers or Justices of Peace, within their several Precinils and jurisdictions may elsewhere by Force of this Act do and execute.

[3 Car. X C 4. Continued until the End of the fird Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car, 1. C 4.]

CAP. XXXII.

From the end of this Session of Parliament, during seven Years and no longer, there shall be paid by the p°yer' Master or Owner of every Ship, Vessel or Crayer (saving of LI me regis in the County of Dorset) f 27f ar'* whereof any of the King's Subjects shall be Owners or parttowners, of the Burden of twenty Tonnes or upwards, for every Voyage loading or discharging within this 'Realm, or to or from any foreign Country beyond the Seas, and passing to or from London, or from, to or by Dover, or coming into the Harbour there, (not having a Cocquet teilifying his Payment before) threepence for every Tonne of the Burden of every such Vessel, Gr. except Vessels loaden with Sea coals or Grindstones; for every Chaldron of Sea coals or Grind stones id. ob. which shall be paid to the Cudomcr, Collector of Customs or Subsidies, or their Deputies, esy. EXP,

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act of a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage. A Subsidy granted, to the King of Tonnage, Poundage, 2 Roll Wools, GY. What Subsidies the Kings of this Realm have had, and for what Causes.

EXP.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Angliae., Scotiae., Francis & Hibernia viz. angliecj Francias .& Hibernia tertio & tricesimo nono.

AT the second Session of Parliament begun and held by Prorogation at Westminster the fifth Day

AV of November in the third Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord fames, by the

Grace of God, of England, Frame and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and of Scotland the nine and thirtieth: And there continued until the seven and twentieth of May: (And from this second Session of Parliament, ending the said seven and twentieth of May, the said Parliament was prorogued

until the eighteenth of November next following, one thousand six hundred and six,) to the high Pleasure of Almighty God, and to the Weal public of this Realm, 'were enabled as followeth.

Cap. I.

An act for a Public Thanksgiving to Almighty God every, Year on the fifth Day of november.

t?orasmuch as Almighty God hath in all Ages shewed his Power and Mercy i in the miraculous and Yearly Prayer

x1 gracious Deliverance of his Church, and in the Protection of Religious Kings and States; (2) and flwiibemadefiw

chat no Nation of the Earth hath been blessed with greater Benefits than this Kingdom now enjoyeth, k*nger*f

having the true and free Profession of the Gospel under our most gracious Sovereign Lord King James, from the gun

the moll great, learned and religious King that ever reigned therein, enriched with a mod. hopeful and p°wdertreason,

plentiful Progeny, proceeding out of his Royal Loins, promising Continuance of this Happiness and Engiartd bjate Profession to ail Poderity: (3) The which many malignant and devilith Papids, Jesuits and Seminary king and his

' Prieds, much envying and fearing, conspired most horribly, when the King's most excellent Majesty, c rpny the Queen, the Prince, and all the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 'arid 'Commons, (hold have been dertreasoncon

assembled in the Upper House of Parliament upon the fifth Day of November in the Year of our Lord spired.obave

one thousand six hundred and five, suddenly to have blown, up the said whole; House with Gun hen effect

(4) An Invention so inhumane, barbarous and cruel, as: the dike was never before heard of, £0^605?'

' and was (as some of the principal 'Conspirators thereof confess) purposely devised and concluded to be

'done in the said House, that where sundry necessary and religious Laws, for Preservation of the Church and State were made, which they, falsely and (landeroufiy term cruel Laws, enacted against them and

their Religion, both Place and Persons (hold be all aestroyed and blown up at once; '(5) which would have turned to the utter Ruin of this whole Kingdom, had it not pleased Almighty God, by How the Trea^ inspiring the King's most - excellent Majesty wither Divine Spirit, to interpret some dark Phrases of a roned, a\disco "

*. Letter mewed.to his Majesty, above and beyond all., ordinary Chridfudlibrij 'thereby miraculoudy dif ver' '

*covering "

38 C 2. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

' covering this hidden Treason not many Hours before the appointed Time for the Execution thereof:

' (6) Therefore the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and all his Majesty's faithful and loving Subjects, do moult justly acknowledge this great and infinite Blessing to have proceeded merely from God his great Mercy, and to his. most holy Name do ascribe all the Honour, Glory and Praise: (7) And to the End this unfeigned Thankfulness may never be forgotten,

' but be had in a perpetual Remembrance, that all Ages to come may yield Praises to his Divine Majesty 1 for the same, and have in Memory THIS*JO Y P U L DAY OF DELIVERANCE;

Thinks dial] be JL Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, fverv Church an(l le Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all veaiiy upon the and singular Ministers in every Cathedral and parish Church, or other usual Place for common Prayer, fifth Day of no within this Realm of England and the Dominions of the same, shall always upon the fifth Day of veoibsr. November say Morning Prayer, and give unto Almighty God thanks for this most happy Deliverance

(2) And that all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within this Realm of England and the Dominions of the same, shall always upon that Day diligently and faithfully resort to the Parish Church or Chapel accustomed, or to some usual Church or Chapel where the said Morning Prayer, Preaching, or Other Service of God shall be used, and then and there to abide orderly and soberly during the Time of the said Prayers, Preaching, or other Service of God there to be used and ministred.

The Minister And because all and every Person may be put in Mind of this Duty, and be then better prepared warn' to the said Holy Service, Be it enacted by Authority aforesaid, That every Minister shall give warning to the Sunday be his Parishioners publicly in; the Church at Morning Prayer, the Sunday before every such fifth Day of sore. November, for the due Observation of the said Day: And that after Morning Prayer or Preaching upon the said fifth Day of November, they read publicly, distinctly and plainly this present Act.

CAP. II.

An Act for the Attainder of diverse Offenders in the late most barbarous, monstrous, detestable

and damnable Treasons,

Certain Persons ' JN most humble Manner beseechen your most excellent Majesty, your most loyal, faithful and true attainted of High £ hearted Subjects, The Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present parlia fpntng to Wov, C men! assembled, That whereas Arthur Crefwel Jesuit, who at the Time of his Profeifion to be a Jesuit up with Gun ' took upon him the Name of Joseph Crefwel, Oswald Tefmond Jesuit and Thomas jvinter late of huading powder the Pare tonne in the County of Worcester, Gentleman, the last Day of June in the four and fortieth Year of the Treasons prac '*hte Queen Elizabeth of famous Memory, at Valedolid within the Kingdom of Spain, and at diverse other tifed in the Time Days within the same four and fortieth Year of the said late Queen, at Valeaolid aforesaid, and else nf Queen Eliza where within the same Kingdom of Spain, by the Means, Procurement and Privity of Robert Catejby,

late of ashbym the County of Northampton, Esquire, Francis Tresham, late of Rushton in the said County of Northampton, Esquire, and Henry Garnet Jesuit, (affirming upon him to be Superior of the Jesuits within this Realm of England) and others, being all natural born Subjects of this Realm, did traiter

and against the Duty of their Allegiance, move and incite Philip, then and yet King of Spain, then .'.being at open Enmity and Hostility with the said late Queen, with Force to invade this Kingdom of

To what Intent England, and to join with the Papists and discontented Persons within this Realm of England, to depose the Treasons and overthrow the same late Queen of and from her crown, and of and from all her Royal Estate, were practised. C and Dignity, and to suppress and abolish the true Religion of Almighty God, truly and sincerely

within this Kingdom, and to restore the Superstitious Romish Religion within the same, and, to bring this ancient, famous and most renowned Kingdom to utter Ruin and miserable Captivity under

f foreign Power: (2) 'and for that the greatest Impediment unto the fajne Invasion, would be the Want of Help of good Plorfes, the said Thomas Winter, the rather to encourage the same King thereunto, was to offer to the same King on the Behalf of the Papists of England, to give him Assistance presently upon 15'I" " ' Landing of his forces, with one thousand five hundred, or two thousand Horses; (3) and that for

1' their better Accornplishing thereof, he.shoukl move the same King to furnish the Papists of Enghitidwith a good Sum of Money, partly to be employed to provide and furnish the Horses, and partly in Pensions,

' to be employed upon some such as were to be prepared for that Service: (4) All which the said Thomas The King of 1 Winter did relate to the said King of Spain, who (the said Kingdoms of England and Spain then Handing Spain's Aofwer in Hostility) took that Offer in very good Part, saying, That he would respect and account of the catho to the traitor's 4 licks of England, (meaning the Papists) as of his own Cajlilians, and thereupon agreed that he would make Invasion, and set Foot in England, about the Spring then next following, and would by way of Exchange send over unto the Papists of England one hundred thousand Crowns, to be paid at two feve: ' ral Days agreed upon. All which Particulars are extant in the Confession of some of the chiefest Offenders

at which Time sundry Papists of England did extraordinarily furnish themselves by the traitorous and wicked Persuasion and Means of fundryjefuits, both with Plorfe and Armour.

II. But before these Things could be effected, Almighty God called the said late Queen to his Mer 4 CV Immediately after whose Decease, that is to say, in the same Month of March, wherein file de parted out of this World, Christopher. Wright, late of London, Gentleman, was employed by the said Robert Catejby, Francis Trejioam, Hairy Garnet and others, into Spain, to negotiate with the said King of Spain, by the Means of the said Crefivel the Jesuit, and others, to proceed in that Invasion. which the na derso"nn said Thomas Winter had before negotiated with him: (2) And afterward on the two and twentieth Day v.rion ovthi"' ' of June in the.firstjyear oj your majesty's, Reign over this Realm of England, Sir William Stanley, Knight, Rujim. / Hugh. Given, Esquire, William Baldwin, Tuit, 'and others, did by and with the traitorous Procurement,

39

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I.

ment and the Consent of the Offenders aforesaid, from and out of Flanders, in the Parts beyond the Seas, under the Government of the Archduke, traiterouly employ and send Guy Fawks, late of London, Gentleman, unto the Paid King of Spain,

+to negotiate with him on the Behalf of the said Papists of England, for Invasion to be had against this Realm of England, to the same Effect as was committed to the said Christopher Wright, as is aforesaid: And the said Guy Fawks and christopher Wright, though

' they had all the Furtherance of the said Crefwel the Jesuit that he could give, yet finding no such En.

with the said King, who (as by the Sequel appeareth) grew into Detestation with the said

' Propositions and Negotiations, as they expected or desired; being wholly disappointed of all their The King of Hopes concerning that Matter, the said Robert Cate [by, and diverse other Persons within this Realm, did t^treason6*

' send over the said Thomas Winter into the said County of Flanders, to procure the said Guy Fawks, a nae Iea n'

tural born Subject of this Realm, and yet a moll traitorous, desperate and bloody minded Person, then serving as a Soldier in the Low countries, to come over into this Realm, and by and with the traitorous Conspiracy and Consent of the said Henry Garnet, Oswald Tefmond, John Gerrard, and other Jesuits,

' and Thomas Pearey, late of London, Esquire, John Wright, late of London, Gentleman, the said Ch rifle pher Wright, Frauds Tresham, Robert Winter, late of Huddington. aforesaid, Esquire, John Grant, late powdertreason of Norbrook in the County of Warwick, Esquire, Ambrose Rookwood, late of Stanningfield in the County and their wicked of Suffolk, Esquire, Everard Digby, late of Gotehurst in the County of Buckingham, Knight, Robert Keyes, ir tent

+late of London, Gentleman, and Thomas Bates, late of London, Yeoman, to undertake the Execution or the most wicked, barbarous, execrable and abominable Treason that ever could enter into the Heart of the most wicked Man, by blowing up with gunpowder the House of Parliament, at such Time as your most excellent Majesty, and your dearest Consort the Queen, and the most noble Prince Henry, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, the Judges of the Realm, and the Knights, Citizens,

' and Burgesses of Parliament, should be in the said parliament house assembled, (for which most traiter

and barbarous Purpose there were secretly laid in a Vault or Cellar under the Parliament house, thirty-six Barrels of gunpowder, or thereabouts) to the utter Overthrow and Subversion of the whole State of this flourishing and renowned Kingdom, if God of his infinite Mercy had not most miraculously, by your majesty's blessed Direction, discovered the same, in finding out the said Barrels of gunpowder in the said Vault or Cellar, but few Hours before the Time appointed for the Execution thereof; (3) all which most heinous, horrible and damnable Treasons are most manifest and apparent by the voluntary Confefiions and Acknowledgments of the Offenders themselves; which most bar barous, bloody and detestable Treason for conspiring and preparing to blowup the said parliament house with gunpowder, the said Robert Winter, Thomas Winter, Guy Fawks, Robert Keys, Ambrose Rookwood,

John Grant and Thomas Bates, have been lately indicted, and during this present Session of Parliament,

' arraigned, convicted by Verdict, and therupon attained; (4) And the said Sir Everard Digby, Knight,

' hath likewise been indicted, and during this present Session of Parliament convicted and attainted by his

own Confession of Record upon his Arraignment, according to the Laws of this your majesty's Realm,

as by the Records of their several Indictments and Attainders it doth and may more plainly appear; (5) certain of the and for the which Offences the said Sir Everard Digby, Robert Winter, Thomas Winter, Guy Fawks, Am Traitors put to brose Rookwood, John Grant, Robert Keys and Thomas Bates, have suffered Pains of Death according to Death.

' their Demerits; '(6) And the said Robert Catefby, Thomas Pearey, John Wright and christopher Wright, some flam in the were lately llain in open Rebellion, by them and others the said most wicked Traitors moved and stirred Field,

' within diverse Parts and Counties of this Realm, llrortly after the said Discovery of their said most detest able and damnable Treason, in conspiring and preparing to blow up the said rarliament house as aforesaid: and the said Hugh Owen doth (of Purpose, and for Fear of condign P uni firm ent according to Hugh Owen.

' his Demerits) reside and keep himselfbeyond the Seas, by Means whereof he cannot in Respect of such

voluntary Absence, be arraigned, and publickly by due Trial of Law, upon apparent Testimony

and Proof against him, be proceeded withal for his laid most heinous and abominable Treasons: (8) francistreitiam And the said Francis Tresham being likewise one of the said most detestable Traitors, and being appre the convictions hended and imprisoned in the 'Power of London, having by sundry his Examinations confessed himself a and Attainders principal Traitor in all the said most wicked and abominable Treasons, died in the said Tower, during confirmed"

the Time of his said Imprisonment, and before he could be indicted of the said Treason, C EXP. The Forfeiture

of the Offenders.

The Forfeiture of certain of the Traitors which were not arraigned. From what Cays their several Forfeitures shall have Relation. All the Lands and Goods of the Traitors attainted shall be in the aflus) poltcfllon of the King. A Saving the Right of others. Goods, Chattels or Debts of the Traitors given, released' or discharged before the fifth of November lait.

CAP. III.

An Act declaratory, explaining the Branch of an Act made in the first Session of this Parliament, intituled, Jac>

4. An Act authorising certain Commissioners of the Realm of England to treat with the Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms.' 4 Jac.

cz.

1. C X

CAP. IV.

1.

An act for the better discovering and reprefiing of Popish Recusants,

Forasmuch as it is found by daily Experience, that many his Majesty's Subjects that adhere in Jy their Hearts to the Popish Religion, by the Infection drawn from thence, and by the wicked and devilish Counsel of Jesuits, Seminaries, and other like Persons dangerous to the Church and State, are so far perverted in the Foint of their Loyalties and due Allegiance unto the King's Majesty, and the Crown of England, as they are ready to entertain and execute any treasonable Conspiracies and

Prac

40

O'. 4*

Ann tertio Jacobi I.

A.D. 1605.

Some popishly affected do repair to the Church.

'r V

I Haw. P, C cb. 12.

Burn/. £*-309, ce.

I Eliz. C 1.

; Eliz. C 1.

[3 Eliz. C 2.

13 Eliz. C 1,

-7 Eliz. C 2.

19 Eliz. C 6.

55 Eliz. C 1 Scx«

The Forfeiture of a conformed Recusant which doth not receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper yearly, Cro. Jac. 365.

pretenting the ntonthly Afa' fence from Church of a recusant.

1 Shower 399. Cro. Car. 504.

A recuf.int's Chi Id 1 en and servahts.

The present fclcht recorded.

ha'

The Reward of the church v/ardensand Constables, V

What Officers shall inquire of Offenders,

The Effect of the Proclamation,

' Practises; as evidently appears by"that more" than barbarous and horrible Attempt to have blown up '.with Gunpowder the King, Queen; Prince, Lords and Commons in the House of Parliament affem bled, tending to the utter. Subversion of the whole State, lately undertaken by the Instigation of Je ' suits and Seminaries, and in Advancement of their Religion, by their Scholars taught and instructed them to that Purposb, which Attempt by the only. Goodness of Almighty God was discovered and defeated: (z) And where divers persons popilhly affected, do nevertheless, the better to cover and hide: their false 'Hearts, and with the more Safety to attend the Opportunity to execute their mif chievous Designs, repair sometimes to Churbh, to escape the Penalty of the Laws in that Behalf provided

II. For the better discovery therefore of such Persons, and their evil Affections to the King's Majesty, and the State of this his Realm, to the End that being known, their evil Purposes may be the better prevented; (2) be it - enacted by 1 the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, imthis present Parliament assembled, and iby the Authority of the same, That every Popish Recusant convicted, "'or Hereafter to be convicted, which (heretofore hath conformed him or herself; or' which shall hereafter coafdrm him or herself, and repair to the Church, and continue there during the time of dk ine1 Service, according to the Laws and Statutes in that Behalf made and provided, shall within the first Year next after the End of this Session of Parliament (if he or she be conformed, as aforesaid, before the End of this Session of Parliament) or.within the first Year next after that he or (lie shall after this Session of Parliament so conform him or herself, and repair to Church, 1 as aforesaid; and after the said first Year, shall once in every Year following at the least, receive the blessed Sacrament of the lord's; Supper in the: Church of that Parish where he or she shall most usually1 abide or be within the said year, 'wherein by the true Meaning of this Statute he or she ought so to receive: ad, «, -

III. And if there be no such Parish then in the Church next, adjoining to the Place of his or her such most usual Abode: (2) And if any Recusant so conformed shall not receive the said Sacrament of the lord's Supper accordingly, he or she shall for fuqh not receiving lose and forfeit for the first Year, twenty Pounds, and for the second Year for such not receiving, forty Pounds, and for every Year after for such not deceiving, threescore pounds, until he or file shall have received the said sacra mdnt, as is aforesaid: (-3) And if after he or she shall have received the said Sacrament, as is aforesaid, and after shall eftfooris at any Time offend in not receiving the said Sacrament, as is aforesaid, by the Space of one whole Year, that in every such Case such' personfo offending shall for every such Offence lose and forfeit threescore Pounds of lawful English Money; (4) the one Moiety to be to our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that will sue for the same; (5) and to be recovered in any of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before Justices of af size or general gaol delivery, or before Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter sessions, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That the churchwardens and Constables of every Town, Parish or Chapel, for the Time being, 1 or some one of them, or if there be none such, then the Chief Constables of the Hundred where such Town, Parish or Chapel is or shall be, or one of them as well in Places exempt as not exempt, shall once in every Year present the monthly Absence from Church of all and all manner of popish Recusants within such Towns and Parishes; (2) and shall present the Names of every of the Children of the said Recusants, being of the Age of nine Years and upwards, 'abiding with their said Parents, and as near as they can the Age of every of the said Children, as also the Names of the Servants of such Recusants, at the General or Quarter Sessions of that Shire, 'Limit, Division, or Liberty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Presentments shall be accepted, entered and recorded in the said Sessions by the Clerk of the peace, or Town clerk for the Time being, or his Deputy, without any See to be had, asked or taken for the same: (2) And in Default of such Preferment to be made, the said churchwardens, Constables, or high Constables respectively, shall for every such Default forfeit twenty Shillings: (3) and in Default of such accepting, entering and recording without Fee, as aforesaid - said Clerk of the Peace or Town clerk shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose forty Shillings.

VI. And that upon every Presentment of such monthly Absence as aforesaid, whereupon such Party so presented shall after happen to be indicted and convicted, (not being for the same Absence before presented) then the said churchwardens, Constables or High Constables respectively so making such Presentments, shall have a Reward of forty Shillings; (2) to be levied out of the recusant's Goods and Estate, in such Manner and Form as by the more Part of the said Justices shall be by Warrant under their Hands and Seals then and there ordered and appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of assize and gaol delivery at their Affixes, and the said Justices of Peace at any of their said Sessions, shall have Power and Authority by Virtue of this Act to inquire, hear and determine of all Recusants and Offences, as well for not receiving the Sacrament aforesaid, according to the.meaning of this Law, as for not repairing to Church, according to the Meaning of former Laws, in such Manner and Form as the said Justices of af size and gaol delivery do or may now dofry former Law's, in the Case of Recufimcy for not repairing to Church; (z) and also shall have Power at their said Assizes and gaol delivery, and at the Sessions (in which any Indictment against any Person, either for not repairing to Church according to former Laws, or not receiving the said Sacrament according to this Law, shall be taken) to make Proclamation, by which it shall be commanded, that the Body of every such Offender shall be rendered to the Sheriff of the same County, or Bailiff, or other Keeper of the Gaol of the Liberty, before the next Assizes and General gaol delivery, or before the next. General or quarter sessions respectively to be holden for the

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 4. 41

said Shire, Limit, Division, or Liberty: (3) And if at the said next Assizes and General gaol delivery conviction ofa or Sessions, the same Offender so proclaimed shall not make Appearance of Record, that then upon every rccuf in such Default recorded, the same shall be as sufficient a Conviction in Law of the said Offence whereof the Party (half hand indicted as aforesaid, as if upon the same, Indictment a Trial, by.verdict thereupon had proceeded, and been found against him or her, and recorded.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Offender in not repairing to Divine Service, but for The Penalty of bearing the same, contrary to the Statutes in that Behalf made and provided that hereafter shall fortune a conviaedlte to be thereof once convicted, shall in such of the Terms of East cr and Michaelmas as shall be next after cu ant'

such Conviction, pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the Rate of twenty Pounds' for evdry

Month which (half be contained in the Indictment whereupon such Conviction shall be; (2) and shall zgeliz, C

also for every Month after such Conviction, without any other indictment or Conviction, fors.it twenty

Pounds, and pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid, af two Tunes in the Year, that is to say,

in every Easter and Michaelmas. Term, as, much as then shall remain unpaid, after the Rate of twenty

Pounds for every Month after such Conviction j (3) except in such Cases where the King flrali and may

by Force of this act refuse the same, and take two Parts of the Lands', Tenements, Hereditaments, cu.

Leafesand Farms of such Offender, till the said Party being indicted for not coming to Church, contrary

to former Laws, shall conform himself and come to Churchy according to, the Meaning of the Statute

in that Behalf made and provided.

IX. And that every Conviction recorded for any Offence before mentioned, shall, from the justices be Every Convio fore whom t the Record of such Conviction shall be, remaining, be certified i^w, the King'

Court of Exchequer, before the End of the Term following such, Convtdhon, 11^, such convenient Cer the Exchequer, tainty for the Time and other. Circumstances, as the Court of Exchequer may thereupon jnvard but Pro for the Seizure of the Lands and Goods of every such Offender, as the Case' shall require: (2) Arid if Default shall be made in any Part of any Payment aforesaid, contrary to die Form herein before limited, that then and so often the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and may by Process out of the said Exchequer, take, seize and enjoy all the Goods, and two Parts "as well of all the Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, Leases and Farms of such Offender, as of all other the Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments liable to such Seizure, or to the Penalties aforesaid, by the true Meaning of this Act, leaving the third Part only of the same. Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Leases and Farms, to and for the Maintenance and Relief of the said Offender, his Wife, Children and Family.

X. And whereas by an Act made in the Session of Parliament held by Prorogation at Westminster The statute of in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act to re3 Eli. cu tain the Subjects of the said late Queen in their due Obedience", It was amongst other Things cufan^month 1 enacted by Authority of the said Parliament, That every Person above the Age of sixteen Years, ly Forfeiture.

which should not repair to some Church, Chapel, or usual Place of Common Prayer, but forbear the same contrary to the Tenor of a Statute made in the rirft Year of the Reign o the said late Queen, for, Uni 1 Eliz. C 2.

' fortuity of Common Prayer, and being thereof lawfully conviijied, should forfeit to the said Queen, for every Month After the End of the said.s.ession of Parliament which he or she should so forbear, twenty

Pounds of lawful englhh Money, as: in and by tyre said Act of Parliament more at large appeareth

C XL And whereas afterward by another Act of Parliament of the said Queen, it was further enacted How by the

by the Authority of the said Parliament (amongst other Things) how and when the said Payments of of g

' the said twenty Pounds should be made, and that if. Default should be made in any, Part of any Pay tliequeen should

rnent of the said twenty Pounds, ! contrary to the Form in the said last specified Statute limited, that recover forfei then and so often the said Queen should and might by Process out of her Highness! Exchequer take, b^r^ufanis1*"

seize and enjoy all the Goods, and two Parts as well of all the Lands, Tenements and: Hereditaments, y ecu an "

' Leases and Farms of such Offender, as of all other the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments liable

4 to such Seizure or to the Penalties aforesaid, by the true Meaning of the said A CL of Parliament, leaving the third Part only of the same Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Leases and Farms, to and for the Maintenance and Relief of the same Offender, his Wife, Children and Family, as in and by, the

last specified Statute more at large also may appear: (2) Now forasmuch as the said Penalty of twenty

Pounds monthly is a greater Burden unto Men of small Living, than unto such as are of better Ability

' and do refuse to come unto Divine Service, as aforesaid, who rather than they will have two Parts of

their Lands to be seized, will be ready always to pay the said twenty Pounds according to the Limitata tion of the said Statutes, and yet retain the Residue of their Livings and Inheritance in their own Hands, being of great yearly Value, which they do for the ntofl Part employ (as Experience hath taught)'to the Maintenance of Superstition and Popish Religion, and to the Relief of Jesuits, Semi naries, Popish Priests, and other dangerous Persons to the State; ( 3) Therefore to the Intent that here after the Penalty for not repairing to Divine Service might be inflicted in better Proportion upon Men

of great Ability (4) Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the King's The King may Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall from and after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next refuse 201. a coming after the End of this Session of Parliament, have full Power and Liberty to refuse the Penalty of ^?£f^0aparts twenty Pounds a Month, though it be tendred ready to be paid according to the Law, and thereupon to L recuilm's seize and take to his own Use, and the Uses, Intents and Purposes hereafter limited, two Parts in three Lands.

Parts to be divided, as well of all the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Leases and Farms that at godbolf ii the Time of such Seizureshall be, or afterward' shall come to any the said Offenders in not coming to pi. 309. 1 Church, or any other to his or her Use, or in Trust for him or her, or at his or her Disposition, or whereby or wherewith, or in Consideration whereof, such Offender or his Family, or any of them, shall be relieved, maintained or kept, as of all other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in any wise or at any Time liable "to such Seizure, or to the Penalties aforesaid, and the same to retain to his own and voi.tii. G other

C 4.

Anno tertio Jacobi I.

A.D. 1605.

other Uses, Intents and Purposes hereafter in this act appointed, till every such Offender shall conform him or herself respectively, as aforesaid, in Lieu and full Recompense of the twenty Pounds monthly, that, during his such Seizure and Retainer, shall incur; anything in the said Statutes, or any of them, Swing the Right or any other Statute, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: (5) Saving to our Sovereign Lord the of other. King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, (other than the said Offender, his or her Heirs, and all claiming to his or their Use, or in Trust for him or them, or at his or their Will or Disposition) all and all manner of Leases, Rents, Conditions, and other Rights and Titles whatsoever had, made and done, bona fide, and without Fraud and Covin, before such Seizure.

A recusant's

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the King's Majesty, his shalli berefcrved Heirs and Successors, shall not take into his two Parts, but leave to such Offender his chief mansion to him. House, as Part of his third Part, and shall not demise, lease nor put over the said two Parts, nor any

thckang stwq Part thereof, to any Recusant, nor to or for the Use of any Recusant: (2) And that whosoever shall be demised'to'a ta^e same in Lease, or otherwise, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall give such Security Recusant. not to commit, nor suffer Waste to be committed, in or upon any the said Premises, as by the Court of Exchequer shall be allowed sufficient.

XIII. And' for the better Trial how his Majesty's Subjects (land affected in Point of their Loyalty and due Obedience; (2) be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, it ft tall be lawful to and for any Bifttop in his Diocese, or any two

Who are com Justices of Peace, whereof one of them to be of the Quorum, within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, peiiabie to take out of the Sessions, to require any Person of the Age of eighteen Years or above, being or which shall the Oath. be convict or indicted of or for any Recusancy, other than Noblemen or Noblewomen, for not repairing to Divine Service, according to the Laws of this Realm; (3) or which shall not have received the said Sacrament twice within the Year then next past, Noblemen and Noblewomen excepted; (4) or any Person passing in or through the Country, Shire or Liberty, and unknown, except as is last before excepted, that being examined by them upon Oath shall confess or not deny himself or herself to be a Recusant, or shall confess or not deny that he or she had not received the said Sacrament twice within the rim of the Year thenlaftpaft, to take the Oath hereafter following upon the Holy Evangelists: (5) Which said him wirouketh Bishopor two Justices of the Peace, shall certify in Writing subscribed with his or their Hands at the the Oath. next General or Quarter Sessions for that Shire, Limit, Division or Liberty, within which the said Oath shall befo taken, the christian name, Surname, and Place of Abode of every Person which shall so take the said Oath; which Certificate shall be there recorded by the Clerk of the Peace or Town clerk, and kept amongst the Records of the said Sessions.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Person or Persons, other than Noblemen or Noblewomen, shall refuse to answer upon Oath to such Bishop or Justices of Peace examining him or her, as aforesaid, or to take the aid Oath so duly tendred unto him or her by such Bishop, or two such Justices of Peace, out of Sessions, that then the said Bishop or Justices of Peace shall and may commit the same Person to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until the next Assize or General or Quarter sessions to be held for the said Shire, Division, Limit or Liberty; (2) where, the said Oath shall be again in the said open Assizes or Sessions required of such Person, by the said Justices of Assize or Justices of Peace then and there present, or the greater Number of them: (3) And if the said Person or Persons, or any other Person whatsoever, other than Noblemen or Noblewomen, of the Age of eighteen Years or above, shall refuse to take the said Oath being tendred unto him or her by the Justices of Assize and gaol delivery in their open Assizes, or the Justices of Peace, or the greater Part of them, in their said General or Quarter sessions, every Person so refusing shall incur the Danger and Penalty of Praemunire, mentioned in the Statute of Presmunire, made in the sixteenth Year of the

j6 Reign of King Richard the Second; (4) except Women Covert, who, upon Refusal of the said Oath shall

Women Covert. Be by the said Justices of Assize in their open Assize, or Justices of Peace in their General or Quarter sessions, for the said Offence committed only to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or main prize, till they will take the said Oath.

Refusal of the Oath.

I Bulftr. 199.

The Penalty of Prtemunire,

The Tenor of which Oath hereafter followeth:

The Form of the Oath of Obedience.

Abolished by 1 W. & M. Srft 1. C 8, fest. 2,

XV. Y A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify and declare in my Conscience before X God and the World, That our Sovereign Lord King 'JAMES is lawful and rightful King of this Realm, and of all other his Majesty's Dominions and Countries; and that the Pope neither or himself nor by any Authority of the Church or See of Rome, or by any other Means with any other hath any Power or Authority to depose the King, or to dispose any of his Majesty's Kingdoms or Dominions, or to authorise any Foreign Prince to invade or annoy him or his Countries, or to discharge any of his Subjects of their Allegiance and Obedience to his Majesty, or to give Licence or Leave to any of them to bear Arms, raise Tumults or to offer any Violence or Hurt to his Majesty's Royal Person, State or Government, or to any of his Majesty's Subjects, within his Majesty's Dominions.

' (2) Also I do swear from my Heart, That notwithstanding any Declaration or Sentence of Excommunication, or Deprivation made or granted, or to be made or granted, by the Pope or his Successors, or by any Authority derived or pretended to be derived from him or his See against the said King, his Heirs or Successors, or any Absolution of the said Subjects from their Obedience: I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and him and them will defend to the uttermost of my Power, against all Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever which shall be made against his or their

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 4. 43

Persons, their Crown and Dignity, by Reason or Colour of any such Sentence or Declaration, or otherwise, and will do my best Endeavour to disclose and make known unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies which I shall know or hear of to be against him or any of them.

' (3) And I do further swear. That I do from my Heart abhor, detest and abjure, as impious and heretical, this damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes which be excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever.

' (4) And I do believe, and in my Conscience am resolved, That neither the Pope nor any other Person whatsoever, hath Power to absolve me of this Oath or any Part thereof, which I acknowledge by good and full Authority to be lawfully ministred unto me, and do renounce all Pardons and Dil ' pensations to the contrary.

' (5) And all these things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation or mental Evasion, or secret Reservation whatsoever: And I do make this Recognition and Acknowledgment heartily, willingly and truly, upon the true Faith of ' a Christian.

"So help me God.

(6) Unto which Oath so taken, the said Person shall subscribe his or her Name or Mark.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Indictment or Indictments had

or sound, or hereafter to be had or sound, against any Person or Persons, for not repairing to some shall be reverted Church or Chapel, or usual Place of Common Prayer, but absenting him or herself by the Space of one for Default of Month, contrary to the Laws and Statutes in that Behalf provided, or for not receiving the said Sacra r

ment contrary to this present Law, nor any Proclamation, Outlawry or other Proceeding thereupon, u Co. IV shall at any Time hereafter be avoided, discharged or reversed, by reason of any Default in Form, or Lack of Form or other Defect whatsoever (other than by direct Traverse to the Point of not coming to Church or not receiving the said Sacrament, whereof such Person or Persons hath been or shall be indicted) but the same Indictment shall Hand in force and be proceeded upon; any such Default of Form, or other Defect whatsoever notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons so indicted or to be indicted, shall at any Time formeth himself hereafter submit and conform him or herself, and become obedient to the Laws of the Church of may traverse an England and repair to the Parish Church of his or her moult Abiding, and if there be no such, then toindiament the Church next adjoining to his or her such Dwelling, and there hear Divine Service according to

the. true Meaning of the Statute in that Behalf made and provided, and there publicly receive the said Sacrament according to the Laws of this Realm of England now established; That then every such Person and Persons so indicted shall and may from thenceforth be admitted and allowed to avoid, discharge, reverse and undo the said Indictment and Indictments, and all Proceedings thereupon, in such Manner and Form as if this present Act had not been had nor made; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. He

XVIII. And forasmuch as it is found by late Experienc ', That such as go voluntarily out of this the oath who Realm of England to serve Foreign Princes, States or Potentates, are for the moll part perverted in their goeth out of the

Religion and Loyalty by Jesuits and Fugitives, with whom they do there converse; '(z) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Subject of this Realm that, after the tenth Day ofjinft.ngorncs' June next coming, shall go or pass out of this Realm to serve any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, or shall after the said tenth Day of June pass over the Seas, and there shall voluntarily serve any i such Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, not having before his or their going or passing as aforesaid, taken the Oath aforesaid, before the Officer hereafter appointed, shall be a Felon.

XIX. And that if any Gentlemen or Person of higher Degree, or any Person or Persons which hath captain, eoran' born or shall bear any Office or Place of Captain, Lieutenant or any other Place, Charge or Office in Lieutenant fer camp, Army or Company of Soldiers, or Condudtor of Soldiers, shall after go or pass voluntarily out ng a foreign of this Realm, to serve any such Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, or shall voluntarily serve any such h^nd'to the ° Prince, State or Potentate, before that he and they shall become bound by Obligation, with two such King, C Sureties as shall be allowed of by the Officers which are hereafter by this Act limited to take tyre same Bond, unto our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the Sum of twenty Pounds of currant English Money at the least, with Condition to the Effect following, shall be a Felon.

The Tenor of which Condition followeth, viz.

XX. THAT if the within bounden, £sy. shall not at any Time then after be reconciled to the Pope LOR See of Rome, nor shall enter into or consent unto any Practice, Plot or Conspiracy what ' l'oever against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any his and their Estate and Estates

or Dominions but shall within convenient Time after Knowledge thereof had, reveal and dil close to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or some of the Lords of his or their Honourable

Privy Council, all such Practises, Plots and Conspiracies; then the said Obligation to be void.

XXI. And that for the due Execution of this Branch of this present Law, it shall and may be lawful who m.iiitake to and for the Customer and Comptroller of every Port, Haven or Creek, crone of them, and their or the Ohhga ior, either of their Deputy or Deputies, and none other, to receive and accept all and every such Bond and, lined<^h1d'llei'

C 4.

Anno tertio Jacobi I.

A.D. 1605.

Forfeiture for not registring and certifying.

them to che Pope.

33 Eliz. C 1,

Beingwithdrawn or reconciled.

A reconciled Perron taking the Oath.

Obligation to and for the Uses aforesaid, and to minister and give the Oath aforesaid, according to the true Intent of this Statute, (taking for such Bond sixpence and no more, and for the said Oath no See at all: )

(2) vvli ch said Custotrier and Comptroller shall regiiler and certify all and every such Bond and Oath so taken, into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster once every Year, upon Pain of five Pounds for every Bond not fd certified, and' twenty Shillings for every oath'not so certified. (3) Provided always, That this last mentioned Branch shall not Cxterid to any Person or Persons which are already gone or shall go beyond the Seas to serve any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, before the tenth Day of June next coming, for his said going or passing before the said tenth Day of June.

Putting in Prac xxil. And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons at any orwithdrawany Time after the said' tenth Day of June shall either upon the Seas or beyond the Seas, or in any other Place from obedience, within the Dominions of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, put in Practice to absolve, persuade or withdraw any of the Subjects of the King's Majesty, or of his Heirs and Successors of this Realm of England, from their natural Obedience to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. (2) or to reconcile them to the Pope or See of Rotne, or to move them or any of them to promise Obedience to any pretended Authority of the See of Rome, or to any other Prince, State or Potentate; that then every such Person, their Procurers, Counsellors, Aiders and Maintainers, knowing the same, shall be to all Intents adjudged Tray tors, and being thereof lawfully convicted flrall have Judgement, suffer and forfeit, as in Cases ofhigh Treason.

XXIII. And if any Person as aforesaid, at any Time after the said tenth Day of June shall be either upon the Seas or beyond the Seas, crin any other Place within the Dominions of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, 'willingly absolved or withdrawn as aforesaid, or willingly reconciled, or shall promise Obedience to any such pretended Authority, Prince, State or Potentate as aforesaid: That every such Person or Persons, their procurers and Counsellors, Aiders and Maintainers, knowing the same, shall be to all Intents adjudged Traitors; and being thereof lawfully convicted shall have Judgement, suffer and forfeit, as in Cases of High Treason.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, That the last mentioned Clause of this Branch, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be taken to extend to any Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall hereafter be reconciled to the Pope or Sec of Rome as aforesaid, (for and touching the point of so being

reconciled only) that shall return into this Realm, and thereupon within six Days next after such Return, before the Bishop of the Diocese, of two Justices of the Peace jointly or severally of the County where he shall arrive, submit himself to his Majesty and his Laws, and take the Oath set forth by Ad in the which is repealed Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, (commonly called the Oath of Supremacy) as also by'j w. & m. the Oath before set down in this present Act; (2) which said Oaths the said Bishop and Justices reflectively shall have Power and Authority by this present Act to minister to such Persons as aforesaid:

And the said Oaths so taken, the said Bishop and Justices before whom such Oaths shall be so taken respectively, shall certify at the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held within the said Shire, Limit, Division or Liberty, wherein such Person as aforesaid shall submit himself and take the said Oaths as aforesaid, upon Pain of every one neglecting to certify the same as aforesaid, the Sum of forty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons that shall offend contrary to this present Branch of this Statute, shall be indicted, tried and proceeded against by and before the Justices of Assize and gaol delivery of that County for the Time being, or before the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, and be there proceeded against according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm against Traitors, as if the said Offence had been committed in the same County where such Person or Persons shall be so taken; any Law, Custom or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, That if any Peer of this Realm shall happen to be indicted of any Offence made Treason by this Act, he shall have his Trial by his Peers as in other like Cases of Treason is accustomed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Subject of this Realm at any Time after one Month next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall not resort or repair every Sunday to some Church, Chapel or some other usual Place appointed for Common Prayer, and there hear Divine Service according to the Statute made in that Behalf, in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, That then it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of Peace of that Limit, Division or

The Forfeiture Tiberty, wherein the said Party shall dwell, upon Proof unto him made of such Default by Corifeflion of for not repairing the Party of Oath ofwitness, to call the said Party before him; (2) and if he or she shall not make a to church sufficient Excuse and due Proof thereof, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice - Peace, that it shall be

weekly. lawful for the said Justice of Peace to give Warrant to the Churchwarden of the said Parish wherein the said Party shall dwell, under his Hand and Seal, to levy twelve pence for every such Default, by Distress

and Sale of the Goods of every such Offender, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus of the

Money raised of the said Goods so to be sold: (3) And that in Default of such Distress, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice of Peace to commit every such Offender to some Prison within the said Shire, Division, Limit or Liberty, wherein such Offender shall be inhabiting, until Payment be made of the said Sum or Sums so to be forfeited; (4) which Forfeiture shall be employed to and for the Use of the Poor of that Parish wherein the Offender shall be resident or abiding at the Time of such Offence com,

Timelhe of XXVIII Provided, That no Man be impeached upon this Clause, except he be called in Question fenrfer shall be for his said Default within one Month next after the said Default made.

impeached.

Set j fedt. 2,

Where the Trial Bull be.

Peers.

1 Eliz.' C 2.

XXIX

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 4.

XXIX. And that no Man being punished according to this Branch, shall for the same Offence be punished by the Forfeiture of twelve Pence, upon the Law made in the first Year of the late Queen

Elizabeth.

XXX. And because in one Act of Parliament begun and held at Westminster in the five and thirtieth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to retain the queen's majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience, There are two Branches contained, the first beginning thus: (And for that every Person having a House or Family, is in Duty bounden to have especial Regard of the good Government and Ordering of the same) and so forth to the next Clause, beginning thus, (Provided never thcless, That this Act shall not in any wise extend to punish or impeach any Persons for relieving, ' &c. ending with these Words, Anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding) ' which said two Branches or Clauses are found defective: '

XXXI. Be it therefore enacted, That the said two Branches or Clauses of the said Act, and no more, shall be by Authority of this present Parliament utterly repealed and made void.

XXXII. And in Lieu thereof be it enacted, That every Person and Persons, which after one Month next after the End of this present Session of Parliament shall willingly maintain, retain, relieve, keep or harbour in his or their House, any Servant, Sojourner or Stranger, who shall not go to, or repair to some Church or Chapel, or usual Place of Common Prayer, to hear Divine Service, but shall forbear the same by the Space of one Month together, not having a reasonable Excuse, contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, shall forfeit ten Pounds for every Month that he, she or they shall so relieve, maintain, retain, keep or harbour any such Servant, Sojourner or Stranger in his or their House, so forbearing as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And that every Person which shall within the Time aforesaid, retain or keep in his, her or their Service, See or Livery, any Person or Persons, which shall not go to, or repair to some Church, Chapel or usual Place of Common Prayer to hear Divine Service, but shall forbear the same by the Space of one Month together, shall forfeit for every Month, he, she or they shall so retain, keep or continue in his, her or their Service, See or Livery, any such Person or Persons so forbearing as aforesaid, knowing the same, ten Pounds; the same Penalties to be recovered and employed in Manner and Form hereafter following.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not in any wise extend to punish or impeach any Person or Persons for maintaining, retaining, relieving, keeping or harbouring his, her or their Father or Mother, wanting, without Fraud or Covin, other Habitation, or sufficient Maintenance, or the Ward of any such Person, or any Person that shall be committed by Authority to the Custody of any by whom they shall be so relieved, maintained or kept; anything in this Act contained to the contrary not withstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That upon any lawful Writ, Warrant or Process awarded to any Sheriff or other Officer, for the Taking or Apprehending of any Popish Recusant Handing excommunicated for such Recusancy, it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or other Officer authorised in that Behalf, if Need be, to break open any House wherein such Person excommunicate shall be, or to raise the Power of the County, for the Apprehending of such Person, and the better Execution of such Warrant, Writ or Process.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Offence to be committed or done against this

; resent Act, shall and may be inquired of, heard and determined before the Justices of the King's Bench, ustices of Assize and gaol delivery, in their several Assizes and gaol deliveries; (2) And all Offences other than Treason shall be inquired, heard and determined before the Justices of Peace in their General or Quarter sessions to be held within the Shire, Division, Limit or Liberty wherein such Offence final] happen.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any attainder of Felony made Felony by this Act as is aforesaid, shall not in any wise extend to take away the Dower of the Wife of any such Person attainted, or be any Bar for the Recovery of the same, nor shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, or Disherison of any the Heir or Heirs of any such Person or Persons so attainted; this Actor anything therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall at any Time hereafter be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons doing, committing, or commanding any Actor Thing, for or concerning the Execution of this present Statute, or any Article or Clause therein contained; That then every Defendant in such Action or Actions, may plead the General Issue, and be received to maintain the same by any Evidence that shall prove his Doings and Proceedings warrantable by this Law.

XXXIX. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to take away or abridge the Authority or Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Censures, for any Cause or Matter, but that the Commissioners of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Causes Ecclesiastical, for the Time being, and the Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Judges, may do and proceed, as before the making of this Act they lawfully did or might have done; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be charged or chargeable with any Penalty or Forfeiture by Force of this Act, which shall happen for his wife's Offence in not receiving the said Sacrament during her Marriage, nor that any W oman shall be charged or chargeable with any Penalty or Forfeiture by Force of this Act, for any such Offence of not Receiving, which shall happen during her Marriage.

45

But once punished for one Offence.

A Repeal of two Branches of the Statute of 35 Eliz. C 1.

ka. S.

Relieving rr keeping a Recusant in his House.

Retaining a re cufart in his Service, See or Livery.

The Father, Mother, Ward, C Person committed by Authority.

Breaking a House to take a recusantexcom municate.

In what Courts the Offences shall be heard and determined.

Attainder of Felony, no Forfeiture of Dower, or Corruption of Blood.

The Plea to an Action brought for doing anything by Force of this Statute.

The Authority of the ecclesiastical Court reserved.

No Forfeiture

for tv wife's Offence,

46 C 5. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

who may take

XLI. Provided also, and be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That in all Causes kr'ib?e man or Miere any Bishop or Justices of the Peace may by Force of this Act require and take of any Subject the Woman. Oath abovementioned. That the Lords of the Privy Council for the Time being, or any Six of them, whereof the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, or the Principal Secretary for the Time, to be one, shall have full Power and Authority by Force of this Act, at any Time or Times, to require and take the said Oaths before mentioned, of any Nobleman or Noblewoman (then being above the Age of eighteen Years;,) (2) and if any such Nobleman or Noblewoman (other than Women married) shall refuse 1 .2. C 5. tq such Oath or Oaths, That in every such Case, such Nobleman or Noblewoman shall incur the

who shall tak Bain and Danger of a Pramunire.

the Oath in the

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority of this Parliament, That where any Per cinque Pom. fan or Persons shall go or pass out of the Cinque Ports, or any Member thereof, to any Parts beyond ^onmnhr0rccu ^lc Seas, to serve any foreign Prince, State or Potentate, that in every such Case, the Lord Warden of the ftirus, njthcchap Cinque Ports for the Time being, or any Person by him in that Behalf appointed or to be appointed, te, friiozmng. Alfa shall have full Power and Authority by Virtue hereof, to take the Bond, and minister the Oath to such ifcv'»c'c'\ Bangers, as is abovementioned.

ft 16 Geo. 2. c. 30.

CAP. V.

An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which grow by Popish Recusants.

WHEREAS diverse Jesuits, Seminaries and Popish Priests daily do withdraw many of his Majesty's Subjects from the true Service of Almighty God, and the Religion established within this Realm, to the Romish Religion, and from their loyal Obedience to his Majesty, and have of late fe cretly persuaded diverse Recusants and Papists, and encouraged and emboldened them to commit moll damnable Treasons, tending to the Overthrow' of god's true Religion, the Destruction of his Majesty and his Royal issue, and the Overthrow of the whole State and Commonwealth, if God of Burn v.309!4 his Goodness and Mercy had not within few Hours before the intended Time of the Execution thereof, revealed and disclosed the same; '(2) Wherefore to discover and prevent such secret damnable Conspiracies and Treasons as hereafter may be put in ure by such evil disposed Persons, if Remedy The Reward of be not therefore provided; (3) Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual vereth h Pried an Bemporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the or Mass. nc same. That such Personas shall first discover to any Justice of Peace, any Recusant or other Persona Roll 437. which shall entertain or relieve any Jesuit, Seminary or Popish Priest, or shall discover any Mass to have been said, and the Persons that were present at such Mass, and the Priest that said the same, or any of them, within three Days next after the Offence committed, and that by Reason of such Discovery any of the said Offenders be taken and convicted or attained, That then the Person which hath made such Discovery, shall not only be freed from the Danger and Penalty of any Law' for such Offence, if he be an Offender therein, but also shall have the third Part of the Forfeiture of all such Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels and Debts, which shall be forfeited by such Offence, (so as the same total Forfeiture exceed not the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds; (4) and if it exceed the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds, the said Person so discovering the said Offence shall have the Sum of fifty Pounds only for every such Discovery)) and such Person so discovering the same, after Conviction of the Offender, shall have a Certificate from the Judges or Justices of Peace before whom such Conviction shall happen, to be directed to the Sheriff or other Officer of the same County, Limit or Place, that shall seize the Goods, or levy the said Forfeiture, commanding the said Sheriff or other Officer to pay the same accordingly to him that so discovered the same, out of the Moneys to be levied by Virtue of the said Forfeitures, which Warrant and Payment shall be effectual in the Law for that Purpose, and a sufficient Discharge in that Behalf for the Sheriff, or other Officer upon his Account. a Recusant C

II. And whereas the Repair of such evil affected Persons to the Court, or to the City of London, may w the Court ' 'De vet dangerous to his Majesty's Person, and may give them more Liberty to meet, consult and plot their Treasons and Practises against the State, than if they should be retrained and confined unto their private Houses in the Country: '(2) For Remedy hereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Popish Rpcufant convicted or to be convicted shall come into the Court or House where the King's Majesty, or his Heir apparent to the Crown of England shall be, unless he be commanded so to do by the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or by Warrant in Writing from the Lords and others of the moil honourable Privy Council of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any of them; (3) upon Pain to forfeit for every Time so offending, one hundred Pounds; the one Moiety to the

king's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to him that will discover and sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Recusants shall

III. And that all Popish Recusants indicted or convicted, and all other Persons which have not re

/ paired to some usual Church or Chapel, and there heard Divine Service, but have forborn the same by the Space of three Months last past, contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, dwelling, abiding or remaining within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or within ten Miles of the said City, shall within three Months next after the End of this Session of Parliament, depart from the said City of London, and ten Miles Compass of the same; (2) and also shall deliver up their Names to the Lord Mayor of London, in Case such Recusant do dwell or remain within the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof: (3) And in Case the said Recusant shall dwell or remain in any other County within ten Miles of the lame City, then the said Recusant shall deliver up his or her Name to the next Justice of 8 Peace

47

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 5.

Peace within such County where the said Recusant shall so dwell or remain, within forty Days after the End of this Session of Parliament; (4) upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall forfeit to our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; the one Moiety whereof shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed.

IV. And that all Popish Recusants which shall hereafter come, dwell or remain within the said City of London or the Liberties thereof, or within ten Miles of the said City, which now are or hereafter shall be indicted or convicted of such Recusancy, or which shall at any Time hereafter not repair unto some usual Church or Chapel, and there hear Divine Sendee, but shall forbear the same by the Space of three Months, contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, shall within ten Days after such in.idhnent or Conviction depart from the said City of London, and ten Miles Compass of the same, and also shall deliver up their Names to the Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, in Case such Recusant shall dwell or remain within the said City of London or the Liberties thereof; (2) and in Case the said Recusant shall dwell or remain in any other County within ten Miles of the said City, then the said Recusant shall deliver up his or her Name to the next Justice of Peace within such County where the said Recusant shall so dwell or remain, within the said ten Days next after such Indictment or Conviction; (3) upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall likewise forfeit to our said Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like Sum of one hundred Pounds; the one Moiety whereof shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed.

V. Provided always, That such Person or Persons as now use any Trade, Mystery or manual Occupa trarfefmen and cion within the said City of London, or within ten Miles of the same, and such as have or shall have their dweuers in only Dwelling within the said City, or ten Miles Compass of the same, not having any other Dwelling orlonllon

Place of Abode elsewhere, shall or may remain and continue in such Place within the said City, or ten

Miles of the same, as they have dwelled, inhabited or remained in by the Space of three Months next before this present Session or Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by a Statute made at Westminster in the five and thirtieth Year of the Reign of3je1, z C 2 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the Restraining of Popish Recusants to some certain Place of Abode, it was amongst other Things ordained and enacted, That every Popish Recusant then or after convicted for not repairing to Church, Chapel, or usual Place of Common Prayer, having any certain Place of Dwelling and Abode within this Realm, should within the Time limited by the said Statute re pair to their Place of usual Dwelling and Abode, or not having any certain Place of Dwelling or Abode within this Realm, Should likewise within the Time limited by the said Statute repair to the Place where such Person was born, or where the Father or Mother of such Person (hold be dwelling, and not at any Time remove or pass above five Miles from thence, under the Pains in the said Statute limited and proa Rfcufent vided; (2) which Statute, by reason of sundry Licences given unto such Recusants, under Colour of ac: >nfin«<i ' Proviso in the said Statute contained, hath not wrought that good effect in the Commonwealth as was hoped (j) Be it therefore enacted and ordained by this present Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Statute made in the said five and thirtieth Year of the said Queen Elizabeth, for 35e|iz cz. and concerning the Confining of the said Recusants under the Pains and Penalties therein contained, shall by this act, and by the Authority of the same, be confirmed, and be hereafter put in due Execution, 'ac A Repeal of a cording to the Tenor, true Intent and Meaning of the said Statute in that Behalf made: (4) And that the Proviso con said Proviso in the said Statute contained, giving Power to grant Licence or Licences unto the said Recu 'ain^d inftlle fants, to go and travel from or out of the Compass of the said five Miles, shall be from and after the End of ^euz. °. 2. this present Session of Parliament utterly repealed and void; anything in the said Statute to the contrary touching Licence in any wise notwithstanding. to Recusants.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by this present Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and successors, or for three or more of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, or for three or more of the Privy Council of his Heirs and Successors, in Writing under the Hands of the said Privy Counsellors, to Licence to a give Licence to every such Recusant to go and travel out of the Compass of the said five Miles, for such Recusant con time as in the said Licence shall be contained, for their travelling, attending and returning, and without co. jac. 352. any other Cause to be expressed within the said Licence: (2) And if any of the Persons which are so con'3

fined by Virtue of the said Statute, as is aforesaid, shall have necessary Occasion or Business to go and travel out of the Compass of the said five Miles, that then and in every such Case, upon Licence in Writing in that Behalf to be gotten, under the Hands and Seals of four of the justices of Peace of the same County, Limit, Division or Place next adjoining to the Place of Abode of such Recusant, with the Privity and Assent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese, or of the Lieutenant, or of any Deputy lieutenant of the same County residing within the said County or Liberty, under their Hands and Seals; (3) In every of which Licence or Licences in Writing so to be had and made, shall be specified and contained both the particular Cause of the said Licence, and the Time how long the said Party licensed shall be absent, in travelling, attending and returning: (4) It shall and may thereupon be lawful for every such Person so licensed, to go and travel about such their necessary Business, and for such Time only for their travelling, attending and returning, as shall be comprised in the said Licence, the said Party so licensed first taking his corporal Oath before the said four Justices of the Peace, or any of them (who shall have Authority by Virtue of this Act to minister the same) that he hath truly informed them

of

48 C 5. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

The Effect of a of the Cause of his Journey, and that he shall not make any causeless Stays: (5) And that all and granted by four every Licence hereafter to be made in this Behalf, contrary to the Tenor, Effect and true Meaning of Justices of l'eace. this Statute, shall be utterly void, ffustrate and of none Effect; anything in the said former act, or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. (6) And every Person so confined, whidr shall depart or go above five Miles from the Place whereunto he is or shall be confined, not having such Licence, and not having taken such Oath as aforesaid, shall incur the Pain and Penalty, and forfeit as a Recusant convicted, and parting or going above five Miles from the said Place whereunto he is or shall be confined, by the 35 Eli?, C 1. said Statute of Triceftmo quinto Elizabethan, should do.

a Recufont dif

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Recusant convict shall at carfain Offices any Time after the End of this Session of Parliament practice the common-law of this Realm and Functions. as "a Counsellor, Clerk, Attorney or Solicitor in the same, nor shall practice the Civil Law as Advocate or Prodtor; (z) nor practice Physic, nor use or exercise the Trade or Art of an Apothecary; (3) nor shall be Judge, Minister, Clerk or Steward of or in any Court, or keep any Court, nor shall be Register or Town clerk, or other Minister or Officer in any Court; (4) nor shall bear any Office or Charge as Captain, Lieutenant, Corporal, Sergeant, Ancientbearer or other Office in Camp, Troop, Band or Company of Soldiers; nor shall be Captain, Master, Governor, or bear any Office or Charge of or in any Ship, Castle or Fortress of the King's majesty's, his Heirs and Successors; (5) but be utterly disabled for the same: (6) And every Person offending herein shall also forfeit for every such Offence one hundred Pounds; the one Moiety whereof shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed.

No Recusant

IX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Popish Recusant convict, nor any hav uck officer.1^" ins a Wife being a Popish Recusant convict, shall at any Time after the End of this Session of Parliament, or any Popish Recusant hereafter to be convict, or having a Wife which hereafter shall be a Popish Recusant convict, at any Time after his or her Conviction, shall exercise any public Office or Charge in the Commonwealth, but shall be utterly disabled to exercise the same by himself, or by his Deputy; except such Husband himself, and his Children which shall be above the Age of nine Years abiding with him, and his Servants in Household, shall once every Month at the least, not having any reasonable Excuse to the contrary, repair to some Church or Chapel usual for Divine Service, and there hear Divine Service; (2) and the said Husband, and such his Children and Servants as are of meet Age, receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper at such Times as are limited by the Laws of this Realm, and do bring up his said Children in true Religion.

A Woman marx. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every married Woman, being or that shall 7 Jac. ir'c.al6.' be a Popish Recusant convicted, (her Husband not (landing convicted of Popish Recusancy) which shall J not conform herself and remain conformed, but shall forbear to repair to some Church or usual Place of

Common Prayer, and there to hear Divine Service and Sermon, if any then be, and within the said Year receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Laws of this Realm, by the Space of one whole Year next after the Death of her said Husband, shall forfeit and lose to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Issues and Profits of two Parts of her Jointure, and two Parts of her Dower, in three Parts to be divided, during her Life, of or out of any the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which are or were her said husband's, and also be disabled to be Executrix or Administratrix of her said Husband, and to have or demand any Part or Portion of her said late husband's Goods or Chattels, by any Law, Custom or Usage whatsoever.

A Recusant

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Popish Recusant which is or cm! ^nfated be convicted of Popish Recusancy, shall stand and be reputed to all Intents and Purposes disabled, a'jsuliir? 155-'as a person lawfully and duly excommunicated, and as if he or she had been so denounced and excommunicated according to the Laws of this Realm, until he or she so disabled shall conform him and herself, and come to Church, and hear Divine Service, and receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Laws of this Realm, and also take the Oath appointed and prescribed in one other Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, 'An Act for the better Discovering and Repressing of 3 jac. i. cp t Popish Recusants: '(2) And that every Person and Persons sued or to be sued by such Person so disabled, shall and may plead the same in disabling of such Plaintiff, as if he or she were excommunicated by Sentence in the Ecclesiastical Court.

What Actions a

XII. Provided nevertheless, That it fit all and may be lawful for any such Person so disabled, for and proftcut! may notwithstanding anything in this Law contained, to sue or prosecute any Action or Suit for or con latch 172., 177. cerning only such of his or her Lands, Tenements, Leases, Rents, Annuities and Hereditaments, or for the Issues and Profits thereof, which are not to be seized or taken into the King's Hands, his Heirs or Successors, by Force of any Law, for or concerning his or her Recusancy, or any Part thereof. Recusants Mar '

XIII. And for that Popish Recusants are not usually married, nor their Children christned, nor nages by Prietls, C themselves buried according to the Law of the Church of England, but the same are done superfti tiously by Popish Persons in secret, whereby the Days of their Marriages, Births and Burials cannot be certainly known: '(2) Be it further enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That every Man being or which shall be a Popish Recusant convicted, and who shall be hereafter married otherwise than in some open Church or Chapel, and otherwise than according to the Orders of the Church of England, by a Minister lawfully authorised, shall be utterly disabled and excluded to have any Estate of freehold into any the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of his Wife, as Tenant by the Courtesy of England: (3) And that every Woman being, or which shall be, a Popish Recusant convicted, and who shall be hereafter married in other Form than as aforesaid, sit all be utterly excluded and disabled, not only to claim any Dower of the Inheritance of her Husband, whereof file may be endowable, or any Jointure

49

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 5.

of the Lands and Hereditaments of her Husband, or any of his Ancestors, but also of her Widow's e state and frank bank in any customary Lands whereof her Husband died Ceiled, and likewise be disabled and excluded to have or enjo3> any Part or Portion of the Goods of her said Huftftnd, by Virtue of any Custom of any County, City or Place where the same shall lie or be; (4) and if any such Man shall be married with any Woman contrary to the Intent and true Meaning of this at, which Woman hath or shall have no Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof he may be intituled to be Tenant by the Courtesy, then such Man so marrying as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose one hundred Pounds, the one Half thereof to be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same by aion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed.

XIV. And that every popish Recusant which shall hereafter have any Child born, shall within one The Bjptism or Month next after the Birth thereof cause the same Child to be baptised by a lawful Minister, according Recufams chu to the Laws of this Realm, in the open Church of the same Parish where the Child shall be born, or in^60,

some other Church near adjoining, or Chapel where Baptism is usually administered: Or if by Infirmity of the Child it cannot be brought to such Place, then the same shall within the time aforesaid be baptised by the lawful Minister of any of the said parishes or Places aforesaid; (2) upon Pain that the Father of such Child, if he be living by the Space of one Month next after the Birth of such Child, or if he be dead within the said Month, then the Mother of such Child, shall for every such Offence forfeit one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of England; one third Part whereof to be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; one other third Part to the Informer, or him that will sue for the same, and the other third Part to the Poor of the said Parish, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed. '

XV. And if any Popish Recusant, Man or Woman, not being excommunicate, shall be buried in any The Forreitur? Place other than in the Church or churchyard not according to the Ecclesiastical Laws of this Realm, for buryingre that the Executors or Administrators. Of every such Person so buried, knowing the same, or the Party that cofants> 10t ex causeth him to be so buried, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; the one third Part whereof shall be oinof the031*' to our Sovereign Lord the King; the other third Part to the Informer, or him or them that will sue for Church or the same; and the other third Part to the Poor of the Parish where such Person died, to be recovered by churchyard Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein

no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed. f

XVI. And be it further enacted by this present Parliament, That if the Children of any Subject within The Forfeiture this Realm (the said Children not being Soldiers, Mariners, Merchants, or their Apprentices or Factors) of Children ee to prevent their good Education in England, or for any other Cause, shall hereafter be sent or go beyond the Seas, without Licence of the King's Majesty, or six of his Honourable Privy Council (whereof the prin 3 jacmj. C 4. cipal Secretary to be one) under their Hands and Seals, That then all and every such Child and Children Hob. 73.

so sent, 'or which shall so go beyond the Seas, shall take no. Benefit by any Gift, Conveyance, Descent, ro1!ios> Devise or otherwise, of or to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Leases, Goods or Chattels, until he or they being of the Age of eighteen Years or above, take the Oath mentioned in.anact of Parliament, made this present Session, intituled, C An Act for the better Discovering and Reprefting of Popish Recu —

' fants, 'before some Justice of Peace of the County, Liberty or Limit, where such Parents of such Children as shall be so sent, did and shall inhabit or dwell; (z) and that in the mean Time the next of his. or, her Kin, which shall be no Popish Recusant, shall have and enjoy the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Leases, Goods and Chattels so given, conveyed, defeended or devised, until such Time as the Person so sent or gone beyond the Seas, shall conform him or herself, and take the aforesaid Oath, and' receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper; (3) And after such Oath taken, and conforming of himself, and receiving the Sacrament of the Supper of the Lord, he or they which have so received the Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Plcreditaments, Goods and Chattels or any of them, shall make Account of the Profits so received, and in reasonable Time make Payment thereof, and restore the Value of the'

said Goods to such Personas shall so conform him or herself as aforesaid: (4) And that all such Persons as The Fcrffirure shall send the said Child or Children over Seas, without Licence as aforesaid (unless the said J!, ml vvh.° Child or Children be Merchants, or their Apprentices or Factors, Mariners or Soldiers) shall child be ond forfeit one hundred Pounds, to be divided, had and recovered in three equal Parts, whereof, the one the Sea third Part shall be to the King, his Heirs and Successors, the other third Part to such as shall sue for the Jac C 4 same, and the other third Part to the Poor of such Parish where such Offender doth inhabit or remain, by j bc', Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein noj vc, 4* Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed. 6.

XVII. And for that many Subjects of this Realm, being neither Merchants, nor their Factors, nor The so frirurc Apprentices, Soldiers nor Mariners, are of late gone beyond the Seas without Licence, and are not as of the Persons yet returned, '(2) Be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That if any of the 'one be>or, ck said Persons so gone beyond the Seas without Licence, which are not yet returned, shall not within fixsca'.

Months next after their Return into this Realm, then being of the Age of eighteen Years or more, take the Oath above specified before some Justice of Peace of the County, Liberty or Limit, where such Person shall inhabit or remain, that then every such Offender shall take no Benefit by any Gift, Conveyances Descent, Devise, or otherwise, of or to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, until he or they, being of the said Age of eighteen Years or above, take the said Oath; (3) And that likewise' in the mean Time the next of Kin to the Person so offending, which shall be no Popish Recusant, shall have and enjoy the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels so given, conveyed, cle feended or devised, until such Time as the Person so offending shall conform' himself, and taka the afore"

veil. III H faitl

50 C 5. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

said Oath, and receive the said Sacrament of the lord's Supper } (4) and after such conforming, taking of the said Oath, and receiving of the said Sacrament, he or they that shall have so received the Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, shall make Account of the Profits so received, and in reasonable Time make Payment thereof, and of the Value of such Goods and Chattels, to such Personas shall so conform him or herself as aforesaid. a retufant(hail

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That every Person or btntficetnor Persons that is or shall be a Popish Recusant convict, during the Time that he shall be or remain a recu grantanadvow. fant, shall from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, be utterly disabled to present to e°nf d b any Benefice with Cure or without Cure, Prebend or any other Ecclesiastical Living, or to collate or no 1 w.r& m minate to any Free School, Hospital or Donative whatsoever, and from the Beginning of this present sef sdr.'i. c.zis. fion of Parliament, shall likewise be disabled to grant any Avoidance to any Benefice, Prebend or other and 12 Ann, Ecclesiastical Living.

The Chancellor

XIX. And that the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Oxford, so often as any of them shall and Scholars of he void, shall have the Presentation, Nomination, Collation and Donation of and to every such Benefice, Oxford fhaiipre prebend or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital and Donative, set, lying and being in the Counties or fan t's Benefice" Oxford, Kent, Middlesex, Sussex, Surrey, Hampfnre, Berk fire, Buckinghamshire, Gloucesterfire, jvorcef in certain Coun terfire, staff.ordfire, ^Warwickfire, Wutshire, Somersetfire, Devonshire, Cornwall Dorsetfire, hereford ties. shire, Northampton fire, Pembrokeshire, Caermarthenshire, Brecknockshire, Monmouthshire, Cardiganshire,

Jones 17. Montgomeryshire, the City of London, and in every City and Town, being a County of itself, lying and being within any of the Limits or Precincts of any of the Counties aforesaid, or in, or within any of them, as shall happen to be void during such Time as the Patron thereof shall be and remain a Recusant convict as aforesaid.

Th Chancellor

XX. And that the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, shall have the Presentation, and Scholars of Nomination, Collation and Donation of and to every such Benefice, Prebend or Ecclesiastical Living, am n ge. School, Hospital and Donative, set, lying and being in the Counties of Essex, Hertfordshire, Beidfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Huntington fire, Suffolk, Norfolk, Lincolnshire, Rutlandfire, Leicesterfire, Darby fire, Nottingham fire, Shropfire, Che fire, Lancafire, Yorksirc, the County of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, jvejlmerland, Radnorfire, Denbifire, Flintfire, Carnarvon fire, Angleseyshire, Merioneth fire, gla morgarifire, and in every City and Town, being a County of itself, lying within any of the Limits or pre cindls of any of the Counties last before mentioned, or in or within any of them, as shall happen to be void during such Time as the Patron thereof shall be and remain a Recusant convict as aforesaid.

None shall he XXI Provided, That neither of the said Chancellors and Scholars of either of the said Universities, presented who shall present or nominate to any Benefice with Cure, Prebend or other Ecclesiastical Living, any such Per benh fice°tl'cr f°n as athen have any other Benefice with Cure of Souls, and if any such Presentation or Nomination shall be had or made of any such Person so Beneficed, the said Presentation or Nomination shall be utterly void; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A Recusant shall ' XXII Moreover, because Recusants convict are not thought meet to be Executors or Administrators not je3x'nutor to any person or Persons whatsoever, nor to have the Education of their own Children, much less of the for, lm ra" C Children of any other of the King's Subjects, nor to have the Marriage of them; '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Recusants convicted, or which shall be convicted at the Time of the Death of any Testator, or at the Time of the Granting of any Administration, shall be disabled to be Executor or Administrator by Force of any Testament hereafter to be made, or Letters of ad fi ministration hereafter" to be granted, nor shall have the Custody of any Child, as Guardian in Chivalry, be no Guardian. Guardian in Socage, or Guardian in Nurture, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, being Freehold or Copyhold, but shall be adjudged disabled to have any such Wardship or Custody of any such Child, or of their Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, being Freehold or Copyhold as aforesaid.

XXIII. And that for the better Education and Preservation of the said Children, and of their Estates, the next of the Kin to such Child or Children, to whom the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such Child or Children cannot lawfully defeend, who shall usually resort to some Church or Chapel, and there hear Divine Service, and receive the Holy Sacrament of the lord's Supper thrice in the Year next before, according to the Laws of this Realm, shall have the Custody and Education of the same Child, and of his said Lands and Tenements, being held in Knights Service, until the full Age of the said Ward of one and twenty Years, and of his said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, being held in Socage, as a Guardian in Socage, (2) and of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments held by Copy of Court roll of any Manor, fq long as the Custom of the said Manor shall permit and allow the same; (3) and in every of the said Cases shall yield an Account of the Profits thereof to the said Ward, as the Case shall require.

XXIV. And that if atany Time hereafter, any of the Wards of the King's Majesty, or of any other, shall be granted or sold to any Popish Recusant convict, such Grant or Sale shall be utterly void and of none Effedf.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no Person or Persons shall bring from beyond the Seas, nor shall print, sell or buy any Popish Primers, Ladies Pfalters, Manuals, Rosaries, Popish Catechisms, Miffals, Breviaries, Portals, Legends and Lives of Saints, containing superstitious Matter, printed or written in any Language whatsoever, nor any other superstitious Books printed or written in the Englif Tongue; (2) upon Pain of Forfeiture of forty Shillings for every such Book; one third Part thereof to be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, one other third Part to him that will sue for the same, and the other third Part to the Poor of the Parish where such Book or Books shall be found, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed, and the said Books to be burned.

Who shall have the Wardship.

The King's Wards.

Fopish Books.

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 6. 51

XXVI. And that it shall be lawful for any two Justices of Peace within the Limits of their Jurisdiction juaice? may or Authority, and to all Mayors, Bailiffs and Chief Officers of Cities and Towns Corporate in their LI prt^ed°&c. 00*berties from Time to Time, to search the Houses and Lodgings of every Popish Recusant convict, or ofp every Person whole Wife is or shall be apopifh Recusant convict, for Popish Books and Relics of Popery:

(2) And that if ny Altar, Pix, Beads, Pictures, or suchlike Popish Relics, or any Popish Book or Books, shall, be found in their or any of their Custody, as in the Opinion of the said Justices, Mayor,

Bailiff or Chief Officer, as aforesaid, shall be thought unmeet for such Recusant, as aforesaid, to have or use the same, shall be presently defaced and burnt, if it be meet to be burned: (3) And be it be a Crucifix, a Crucifix door other Relic of any Price, the same to be defaced at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace in the faced

County where tyre same shall be found, and the same so defaced to be restored to the Owner again.

XXVII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Armour, Gunpowder and A Recusant Munition, of whatsoever Kinds, as any Popish Recusant convict within this Realm of England, hath or Armour.

shall have in his House or Houses, or elsewhere, or in the Hands or Possession of any other at his or their Disposition, shall be taken from such Popish Recusants or others which have or shall have the same to the Use of such Popish Recusant, by Warrant of four Justices of Peace at their General or Quarter sessions, to be held in the same County where such Popish Recusant shall be resident (other than such necessary Weapons, as shall be thought fit by the said four Justices of Peace to remain and be allowed for the Defence of the Person or Persons of such Recusants, or for the Defence of his, her or their House or Houses) and that the said Armour and Munition so taken, shall be kept and maintained at the Costs of such Recusants, in such Places as the said four Justices of Peace at their said Sessions of the Peace shall set down and appoint.

XX. V

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Recusant having or The Forfeiture which shall have any such Armour, Gunpowder and Munition, or any of them, or if any other Person of a Recusant or Persons which shall have any such Armour, Gunpowder and Munition, or any of them, to the Use of any such Recusant, shall refuse to declare or manifest unto the said Justices of the Peace, or any of them, what Armour he, she or they have, or shall have, or shall let, hinder or disturb the Delivery thereof, to any of the said Justices, or to any other Person or Persons authorised by their Warrant to take and seize the same; then every such Person so offending contrary to this Statute in this Behalf, shall forfeit and lose to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, his and their said Armour, Gunpowder and Munition, and shall also be imprisoned by Warrant of or from any Justices of Peace of such County, by the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

XXIX. And yet nevertheless, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the ta a Recusant hall king away of such Armour, Gunpowder and Munition, the said Popish Recusant shall and may be maintain his charged with the maintaining of the same, and with the buying, providing and maintainingmf Horse, tmovir'

and other Armour and Munition, in such Sort as other his Majesty's Subjects from Time to Time shall be appointed and commanded, according to their several Abilities and Qualities, and that the said Armour and Munition, at the Charge of such Popish Recusant, for them, and as their own Provision of Armour and Munition, shall be showed at every Muster, Show or Use of Armour to be had or made within the said County.

XXX. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to take ecdefaffiml away or abridge the Authority or Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Censures, for any Cause or Matter; enures

but that the Commissioners of his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, in Causes Ecclesiastical, for the Time Farther? nvirms being, Archbishops, Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Judges, may do and proceed as before the making ec

of this Act they lawfully did or might have done; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise £5 Car. 2. C 2. notwithstanding. 16 Geo. t. C 30.

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable all his Majesty's loving Subjects of England and Wales, to trade freely into

the Dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

X/KEKEAS diverse Merchants have of late obtained from the King's most excellent Majesty, under Explained by the Great Seal of England, a large Charter of Incorporation for them and their Company to tradec' 9*

' into the Dominions of Spain and Portugal, and are also most earned Suitors to obtain the like from his The King said Majesty for France, whereby none but themselves, and such as they shall think fit, as being mere granted a Char '.merchants, shall take Benefit of the said Charter, disabling thereby all others his Majesty's lpving Sub jjtion ocertaln jects of this Realm of England and Wales, who during all the Time of her late majesty's Wars, were in Merchants to diverse Respects greatly charged for the Defence of their Prince and Country, and therefore ought indif trade in: <? Spain, ' ferently to enjoy all the Benefits of this most Happy Peace; (2) and also debarring them from that freessnner 1 z ' Enlargement of common Traffic into those Dominions, which others his Majesty's Subjects of his 'n r '1 ' Realms of Scotland and Ireland do enjoy; (3) to the manifest impoverishing of all Owners of Ships, Thp several fn Masters, Mariners, Fishermen, Clothiers, Tuckers, Spinsters, and many thousands of all Sorts of Hand: - ?hjtvvou!der>sue craftsmen, besides the Decrease of his Majesty's Customs, Subsidies and other Impositions; and the Ruin if the said ehart and Decay of Navigation, together with the Abating of the Prices of our Wools, Cloth, Corn and such terihouid take like Commodities, arising and growing within this lis said majesty's Realm of England, and the in hancing of all French and spanijj Commodities, by reason of the Insufficiency of the Merchants, they being few in Number, and not of Ability to keep the great Number of our Ships and Seafaring men awork, and to vent the great Store of Commodities which this his Majesty's Dominion of England doth yield; (4) and by Means that all Owners and Mariners, with diverse others (if these Incorporations mould continue) shall be cut off from their ordinary Means of Maintenance, and preferring their Estates; and finally, by reason that all French and Spanift.» Commodities shall be in a few Mens hands

H? ' (In

52

C y3 8. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

' (5) In respect whereof, as also for many other manifold Inconveniences growing thereby, much Hurt 1 and Prejudice must needs redound to all his Majesty's loving Subjects of this his Highness Realm of England, if Reformation for the Prevention of so great an Evil be not had in due Time) For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's moult excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall sub eakilass an may be lawful to and for nil his Majesty's Subjects of this his Highness Realm of England and trade intend Wales, from henceforth at all Times to have free Liberty to trade into and from the Dominions of Spain, from Spain, Portugal and France, in such Sort, and in as free Manner, as was at any Time accustomed fithence the Fr nufal an Beginning of this his Highness most happy Reign in this his Realm of England, and at any Time before the said Charter of Incorporation was granted, paying to the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Customs and other Duties as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm ought to be paid and done for the same: The said Charter of Incorporation, or any other Charter, Grant, Act, or anything else, heretofore made or done, or hereafter to be done, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

None retrained

II. Provided always, That this at, or anything therein contained, shall not be of Force to enable pv; nx Realm or s*ve. Liberty to any Person or Persons to go over Seas without Licence, who by the Laws and sta mthotitlicence, tutes of this r.enlm, or by any Statute hereafter to be made, shall be restrained from going beyond the Seas without Licence; anything to the contrary notwithstanding,

t if

CAP. VII.

An Act to reform the Multitudes and Misdemeanours of Attorneys and Solicitors at Law, and to avoid unnecessary Suits and Charges in Law.

An Attorney shall have a Ticket of the Money which he giveth for Fees, &<\ j Salk. 86. Aleyn 4.

A Bill of Charges.

Cart hew 57, r47.

Raym. 245.

An Attorney delaying his client's Suit or demanding more than is due.

2 Geo. 2. c. 22. fest. 23.

Who only shall he Attorneys or Solicitors.

Geo. 2. c. 23.

No following of a Suit in another's Name.

2 Geo. 2. c. 23. left. 10.

Farther provisions relating to Attcrme i2 Geo. 1. c. 29 2 Geo. t. C 23.

0 Geo. 2. c. 27. sz Geo. z«c. \ 3.

' t70 R that through the Abuse of sundry Attorneys and' Solicitors by charging their Clients with ex ' P cessive Sees and other unnecessary Demands, such as were not, northeast ought by them to have been employed or demanded, whereby the Subjects grow to be overmuch burdened, and the Practice of the just and honest Sergeant and Counsellor at Law greatly slandered: And for that to work the pri vate Gain of such Attorneys and Solicitors, the Client is oftentimes extraordinarily delayed: '(2) Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no Attorney, Solicitor, or Servant to any, shall be allowed from his Client or Mailer, of or for any Fee given to any Sergeant or Counsellor at Law, or of or for any Sum or Sums of Money given for Copies to any Clerk or Clerks or Officers in any Court or Courts of Record at Westminster, unless he have a Ticket subscribed with the Hand and Name of the same Sergeant or Counsellor, Clerk or Clerks, or Officers aforesaid, testifying how much he hath received for his See, or given or paid for Copies, and at what Time, and how often: (3) And that all Attorneys and Solicitors mail give a true Bill unto their Mailers or Clients, or their Assigns, of" all other Charges concerning the Suits which they have for them, subscribed with his own Hand and Name, before such Time as they or any of them shall charge their Clients with any the same Fees or Charges: (4) And that if the Attorney or Solicitor do or shall willingly delay his Clients Suits to work his own Gain, or demand by his Bill any other Sums of Money, or Allowance upon his Account of any Money which he hath not laid out or disbursed, that in every such Case the Par: V grieved shall have his Ablion against such Attorney or Solicitor, and recover therein Costs and treble Damages, and the said Attorney and Solicitor shall be discharged from thenceforth from being an Attorney or Solicitor any more.

II. And to avoid the infinite Numbers of Solicitors and Attorneys, be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That none shall from henceforth be admitted Attorneys in any the King's Courts of Record aforesaid, but such as have been brought up in the same Courts, or otherwise well practised in soliciting of Causes, and have been found by their Dealings to be skilful and of honest Disposition: And that.none to be suffered to solicit any Cause or Causes in any of the Courts aforesaid, but only such as are known to be Men of sufficient and honest disposition: (3) And that no Attorney shall admit any other to follow any Suit in his Name; upon Pain that both the Attorney and he that followeth any such Suit in his Name, shall each of them forfeit for such Offence twenty Pound; the one Moiety whereof to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Party grieved, to be jecovered in any the said Courts of Record aforesaid, by original Writ of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no manner of Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection, shall be allowed: And that the Attorney in such Case shall be excluded from being an Attorney for ever thereafter.

2z Geo. 2. c. 46. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to avoid unnecessary Delays of Executions.

31 ll. S.;. ' tt orasmuch as his Highness Subjects are now more commonly witholden from their just Debts, and

itution^all ' 0iten in Danger to lose the same, by Means of Writs of Error, which are more commonly sued n^beftayed3 ' than heretofore they have been: '(z) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present parlia upon the Suit of ment, That from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament no Execution shall be stayed or a Ejjl of Error. ^e]ayed upon or by any Writ of Error, or Supersedeas thereupon to be sued. the reve/sing of any

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I.

C 9.

53

Judgement given, or to be given, in any Action or Bill of Debt upon any single Bond for Debt; (3) or Moor ?5j. upon any Obligation, with Condition for the Payment of Money only; (4) or upon any Action or Bill q'0tlj £ 01 of Debt for Rent, or upon any Contrail; (5) sued in any of his Highness Courts of Record at West cn'.car.'39.'miiiller, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, or in his Highness Courts of Great Kelt 319, Sessions in any of the twelve Shires of Wales; (6) unless such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names |9j^u such Writ of Error shall be brought, with two sufficient Sureties, such as the Court (wherein such Farther Provi. Judgement is or shall be given) shall allow of, shall first before such Stay made, or Supersedeas to be fions relating' awarded, be bound unto the Party for whom any such Judgement is or shall be given, by Recog Sta.*.

to be acknowledged in the same Court, in double the Sum adjudged to be recovered by the C a.

said former Judgement, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Elfeil, and also to satisfy and pay (if 4 Mod. 7, 8, the said Judgement be affirmed) all and Angular the Debts, Damages and Cods, adjudged or to be ad cro.^ar, co.'judged upon the former Judgement; and all Cods and Damages to be also awarded for the same de Mod. Cases in laying ot Execution. (7) This atto have Continuance to the End of the fird Session of the next Law 79, 137. Parliament. [Made perpetual by 3 Car. 1. C 4. (del. 4. 16 & 17 Car. 2. C 8.]

Farther prcvi/totis rehiting.to Executions 21 Jac» 1. C 24. 16 & 17 Car, 2, C 5 * S. and 29 Can 2. r. 3

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Relief of such as lawfully use the Trade and Handicraft of Skinners.

WHEREAS the said Artisan Skinners before the one and twentieth Year of the late Queen Oil elizabeth's

were at Liberty, and usually did transport into the ead land Countries, coney skins, and fasthan^mer lamb skins called Morkins, of the Growth of this Kingdom, being in great Requed in those Coun chants, that

tries, without Contradiction: In which one and twentieth Vear of her majesty's Reign the ead land none hut they

Merchants procured a Charter from her Majesty, in which is contained a Prohibition therein, that merchandize0*c ' none but they the Merchants of those Countries might transport any Merchandizes thither: (2) Sithence timber!.

which Time the said Artisan Skinners have by Colour of those Letters Patents been redrained from Transportation, and thereupon did for the Maintenance of them and their poor Families apply them selves to their Handy Labours, and to provide and buy within this Realm, as well of Petty Chapmen.

' as others, the said Skins within this Kingdom; (3) And the Surplusage over and above such as they wrought into Manufactures, they sold to the said Merchants that had gotten the said Letters Pa ' tents for Transportation as aforesaid; by Reason whereof the said Artisan Skinners, with their Wives and Families, lived in good Manner, and maintained many Thousands, both Tawers and other Workmen, and very many of them were subsidy men, and Men that paid many Duties in good Sort; (5) until of late Time that diverse Merchants and others, for their own private Gain, By what Means do by themselves, their Factors and Servants, in disorderly and unmerchant like Manner, buy, fore skhwere Uverf flail, ingross and provide the said Commodities, and so draw the whole Trade into their own Hands, '1*'

and work the same in their own Houses, and not contented therewith, do likewise fell and retail the said Skins here again unto other Merchant strangers, whereby they do deprive the said Artisan Skinners both from buying, selling and Transportation, and thereupon the whole Trade of Artisan Skinners is utterly impoverished generally throughout England: '

II. Be it therefore enacted by our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, by the Lords Spiritual and Merchants flair Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ei'; ck That no Person or Persons after the End of three Months next ensuing after the End of this present Sef nor transport non of Parliament, using the Trade of Merchandise or any other, shall dress orcaufetobe dressed, in his themur.dressed; or their House or Houses, or by any Workman appointed by them for that Purpose (those Workmen not being Artisan Skinners, and using the Trade of the Artisan Skinners) any of the black coney skins of this Kingdom; (z) nor shall transport or carry beyond the Seas, nor cause to be transported or carried beyond the Seas, nor shall pack, ship or lade, to the Intent to transport or carry beyoed the Seas, any black coney skins of the Breed of this Realm, unless the same Skins shall fird be tawed and duly and perfectly wrought, dressed and packed within this Realm, by those that are Artisan skinners or Tawers unto the said Artisan Skinners, according to the Science, Art and Faculty of the Artisan Skinners; (3) upon Pain of Forfeiture of such Skins so packed, shipped, laden and transported, contrary to this Acd, or the jud and full Value thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons using or exer How msny cif/ng the Trade of a Merchant, shall after the End of the said three Months next ensuing after the End c^nv of this present Session of Parliament, buy, bargain or contract for, or cause to be bought, bargained or chsmmuftvuy, contradttd for, any coney skins or lamb skins, commonly called Morkins, of the Breed of rhis Realm, and w.mor: /' or being within this Realm, under the Number of one thousand black coney skins, or three thousand Grey coney steins, or two thousand lamb skins called Morkins, at a Tittle, and those not to be bought or contracted for in or by Parcels, but to be contracted for, bargained and delivered at one Time in tirely together, and not by Parcel?, (except it be of the Artisan Skinners) (2) nor shall utter or sell the same again, nor any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons within this Realm in small Parcels: That is to say, under the Number of one thousand black coney skins, and three thousand of grey coney skins, and two thousand of Morkins art a Time, unless it be to the Artisan Skinner;. (3) upon Pain of for fciture of the said Skins or the full Value of the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the End of the said threermiya> Months next ensuing after the End of this present Session of Parliament, no Person or Persons; shall take, 'sak, e"*rhei m retain or keep any Servant, Journeyman or Apprentice, to serve or work with him, therein, except ?p^ntice ov

the Journeyman.

54

C 10. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

Who (hat! recover the for ftitur*, and by what Means.

The Continuance of this Statute,

the said Person so tiling or letting up the said Trade, Mystery or Occupation, have served seven Years a die lead as an Apprentice therein, and do use the Trade and Handicraft of a Skinner; (2) upon Pain of Forfeiture of the double Value of all such Skins or Furs as shall be drelted or wrought by such Person or Persons, 'his or their Servants, Journeymen or Apprentices, contrary to the Intent of this Act.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties, which by Force of this Act shall arise or grow, shall be divided and distributed in Manner and Form following, that is to say, the one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures aforementioned shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall seize the said Skins or Furs so forfeited, or shall sue for the same Penalties and Forfeitures, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record: In which Suits no Essoin, pro testion or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

VI. This Act to endure until the End of the first. Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. Continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.]

CAP. X

An act for the rating and levying of the Charges for conveying malefactors and Offenders

to the Gaol.

atwhofecharge

WHEREAS his Majesty's honest and loving Subjects are much charged and burdened in con be conveyed' veying Felons, and other Malefactors and Offenders against his Majesty's Laws and Statutes, Gaol. ' unto the Gaol, punishable by Imprisonment there, the said Felons and other Malefactors and Offenders,

£ having Goods and Chattels of their own, whereby to defray the same Charge themselves, to the great Encouragement of such Malefactors and Offenders in their said wicked and bad Courses, and to the Discouragement of his Majesty's said honest and loving Subjects in prosecuting the said Male factors and Offenders to be punished according to their Demerits: '(2) Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, that from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be committed to the common or usual Gaol within any County or Liberty within this Realm, by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any Offence or Misdemeanour to any such Gaol, that the said Person or Persons so to be committed as aforesaid, having Means or Ability thereunto, shall bear their own reasonable Charges for so conveying or sending them to the said Gaol, and the Charges also of such as shall be appointed to guard them to such Gaol, and shall so guard them thither: (3) And if any such Person or Persons so to be committed as aforesaid, shall refuse at the Time of their Commitment and sending to the said Gaol, to defray the said Charges, or shall howthecharges not then pay or bear the same, That then such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may by wri the prff^errif tin under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals give Warrant to the Constable or Constables sure top; !iyrie" f the hundred, or Constable or tithing man of the Tithing or Township where such Person or Persons them. shall be dwelling and inhabit, or from whence he or they shall be committed as aforesaid, or where he or they shall have any Goods within the County or Liberty, to sell such and so much of the Goods and Chattels of the said Persons so to be committed, as by the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace shall satisfy and pay the Charges of such his or their conveying and sending to the said Gaol, the Appraisement to be made by four of the honest Inhabitants of the Parish or Tithing where such Goods or Chattels shall remain and be, and the Overplus of the Money which shall be made thereof to be delivered to the Party to whom the said Goods shall belong.

If the Offender

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Person or Persons so to be hear°hiscb rees committed as aforesaid, shall not have or be known to have any Goods or Chattels which may be sold the Parihioners fr the Purpose aforesaid within the County or Liberty, That then an indifferent Tax or Assessment shall shall do it. be made by the Constables and churchwardens, and two or three other the honest Inhabitants of the parioi, Township or Tithing were the said Offender or Offenders shall be taken or apprehended, the said Taxation being allowed under the Hand of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, if there be such Constables or churchwardens there inhabiting, and in Default of them, by four of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, Township or Tithing, where such Offenders shall be taken or ap 5!vi$rfon taxed Prchended; (2) And if any so taxed or aileffed shall refuse to pay their said Taxation, then the Justice or re(ufeeto°pay.xe Justices of Peace by whom the said Offenders shall be committed to Prison as aforesaid, or any other Justice of Peace next adjoining, shall and may give Warrant as aforesaid, to the Constable, tithing man or other Officer, there to distrain the Goods of any so assessed, which shall refuse to pay the same, and to sell the same; (3) and that such Person or Persons so authorised, shall have full rower and Authority so to distrain, and by Appraisement of four substantial Inhabitants of the said Place, to sell a sufficient Quantity of the Goods and Chattels of the said Persons so refilling, for the levying of the said Taxation; and if any Overplus of Money come by the Sale thereof, the same to be delivered to the Person or Persons, Owner or Owners thereof.

The dcfcndam's

III. And be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That if any.action of Trespass or tion brought for other Suit shall happen to be attempted or brought against the Person or Persons for taking of any di any Thingdone stress, making of any Sale, or any other Act by Authority of this present Act, the Defendant or de by Force of this fendants in any such Action or Suit, shall and may eith r plead Not guilty, or otherwise make Avowry, Cognizance or Justification for the taking of the said Distresses, making of Sale or other Act by Virtue

of

Anno tertio Jacobi I.

C II

55

of this Act, (2) alleging in such Avowry, Cognizance or Justification, that the said Distress, Sale, tref pass or other Thing whereof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs complained, was done by Authority of this Act, and according to the Tenor, Purport and eitedt of this Act, without any Expressing or Rehearsal of any other Matter of Circumstance contained in this present Act: (3) To which Avowry, Cognizance or Justification the Plaintiff shall be admitted to reply, That the Defendant did take the said Distress, made the said Sale, or did any other Act or Trespass supposed in his Declaration, of his own Wrong, without any such Cause alleged by the said Defendant; whereupon the Issue in every such Action (half be joined to be tried by Verdict of twelve Men, and not otherwise, accustomed in other personal Actions; (4) and upon the Trial of that Issue, the whole Matter to be given on both Parties in Evidence, according to the very Truth of the same; (5) And after such Issue tried for the Defendant, or Nonsuit of the The Defendant Plaintiff after Appearance, the said Defendant to recover treble Damages by reason of his wrongful Vex shall recover ation in that Behalf, with Cods also on that Part sustained, and that to be assessed by the same Jury, or^r Writ to inquire of the Damages, as the same shall require: (6) This Act to continue until the End of suits. S ° die first Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. Continued until the End of the first Session the continuance of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.]

1 1 T J farthcrprovi/icns

conrcrning Prisoners, i$car. z. St. 2. C 2. 19 Car. 2. C 4. 22* 23 Car. 2. C 20. 4 & <; TV, * M. C 21. 8 *9W. 3. C 27. 11 * iz jy. 3. C 19#

1 Ann. stz, C 6, 5 Ann. C g.9 Geo. I, C 18. II Geo. X C 12, 11 Geo. 2. C zo. 16 Geo. 2. c. 31, 27 Geo. 2. f. 3 & 17, 3 % gcc. 2. C 28.

CAP. XI.

An Act for Transportation of Beer over the Seas.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of our now most gracious Sovereign when Beer

' W Lord King James, it is lawful to transport over the Seas Barley or Malt, when the common Price be transported V

thereof shall not exceed the Prices in the said Statute limited; (2) by which said Act it is lawful for by any Person,

' every Person and Persons, being Subjects of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to transport p what

of his own, and to buy and transport unto any Port beyond the Seas in Amity with his Majesty, to sell 1 jac! j. c. 15, C as Merchandise, in Ships, Crayers or other Vessels, whereof any english hom Subject or Subjects

' then shall be the Owner or Owners, any Barley or Malt, when the Price of every such Quarter of Barley or Malt, exceeds not at the Times, Havens and Places, where and when the same shall be shipped or laden, the Sum of fourteen Shillings current English Money, paying to

' the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for the Custom and Poundage of every such Quarter of Barley and Malt so transported, the Sum of sixteen pence, in full Satisfaction of all Manner of Custom and Poundage for the same: (3) Now for that by the Transporting of*b"

' Beer, the Custom and Poundage that will grow due to the King's Majesty for the same Beer "he transporting

' will be much greater, than when the Barley or imalt whereof the said Beer is made is transported, and ofbtermore also that the Navy and Mariners of this Realm will be the more increased, for that one Ship or Boatt[, anof Malt Load of Barley or Malt will, if the same be brewed out into Beer, make four several Ships or Boats Load of the same Burden of Beer to be transported: The Tillage likewise of this Realm will be cherished and increased, by reason of the more speedy and often Vent of the Beer than of Barley or Malt: (5) And also by the Brewing of such Malt into Beer within this Realm to be transported, di

Port towns will be greatly comforted and relieved, many of his Majesty's Subjects thereby im

' ployed and seton Work, and the Trades of Coopers and Brewers will be thereby better enabled

' to live and maintain themselves, their Wives, Children and Families':

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, at whit Times and by the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Beer may be at all Times from and after the Feast of Pentecost which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one traafpor ed by thousand six hundred and seven, it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to trans a el CD port of his own, or to buy and transport, or cause to be bought and transported, any Beer with the

Cask, unto any Place or Places beyond the Seas in Amity and League with his Majesty, his Heirs or

successors, to sell as Merchandise or otherwise, in Ships, Crayers, or other Vessels, when the Price of

every Quarter Of Malt at the Times, Havens and Places, when and where the same shall be shipped

end loaden, exceed not the Sum of sixteen Shillings current English Money; any Ordinance, Law, or

Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: (2) And that the King's Majesty, his Heirs what Import

and successors, shall have and receive by the Customers, Comptrollers and Officers of his Ports where and Custom shall

such Beer shall be so shipped or loaden to be transported, the Sum of eight Shillings sixpence for

Impcft, and eighteen Pence for Custom, to be paid by every Subject of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for every Tonne of Beer so to be transported: (3) And likewise the Sum of ten Shillings

for Impost, and two and twenty Pence halfpenny for Custom, to be paid by every Stranger; (4) which shall be in full Satisfaction of all manner of Custom, Poundage, Impostor other Duties whatsoever for the same Beer; any Constitution, Order, Law, Statute or Custom heretofore made, uled or taken for

transporting of any such Beer, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted and declared, That this Act nor anything 35 Eiiz. C ir. therein contained, shall extend to repeal or make void any Clause, Article or Provision contained in

any former Law now in Force, touching the Bringing in of Clapboard, Cask or Shaffoldboard, but that every fuel) Branch, Article, Clause or Provision, shall extend as well unto all and every Transportation or Transportations made iavyul and warranted by Virtue of this Act, as othenvile; any 'Filing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. (2) This Act to continue but to the End of the

first

j6 C 12, 13. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

thicontinuance first Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. Continued until the End of the first Session of the ol tins Act. next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4. altered by 1 W. & M. ft. 1. C 22.]

CAP. XII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Sea rfh.

*? Ef ' f <7* ' t?orasmuch as it is certainly known by daily Experience, that the Brood of sea fish is spawnefl and for feimn" opteof ' IB Beth in still Waters, where it may have Rest to receive Nourishment, and grow to Perfection, and a new Wear, cr£ that it is there destroyed by Wears, Draw nets, and Nets with Canvas, or like Engines in the mid thf seftwy'ns^or Bosom of them, in Harbours, Havens and Creeks within this Realm, to die great Damage and Fry i?, firt>.0r ' Hurt of Fishermen, and Hindrance of the Commonwealth, for that every Wear near the main Sea c.iufes of the taketh in twelve Hours, sometimes the Quantity of five Bushels, sometimes ten, sometimes twenty or Ueflrufiion of thirty Bushels of the Brood of sea fish; and all'o those which use Draw nets, Nets with Canvas, or Fish. r ° ' Engines in the midst of them, do every Day they fish, destroy the Brood of all the Sorts of Fifn

' aforesaid in great Multitudes:

II. For Reformation whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That every Person and Persons that from and after the five and twentieth Day of July next ensuing this Session of Parliament, shall ered or setup any new Wear or Wears along the sea shore, or in any Haven, Harbour or Creek, or within five Miles of the Moutlf of any Haven or Creek, or shall willingly take, destroy or spoil any Spawn, Fry or Brood of any sea fish, in any Wear or other Engine or Device

whatsoever, shall forfeit for every Time so erecting, setting up, taking, destroying or spoiling contrary to this act, the Sum of ten Pounds of good and lawful Money of England, the one Half to the king's

forfiftsngwith Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Half to him that will sue for the same: (2) And that

certain Nets and every Person which after the first Day of October next ensuing this Session of Parliament, in any Haven, Engines. Harbour, Creek, or within five Miles of the Mouth of any Haven, Harbour or Creek of the Sea, shall fish with any draw net or drag net under three Inches mealh, viz. one Inch and an Half from Knot so Knot, except for the taking of Smoulds in Norfolk only, or with any Net with Canvas, or other Engine or Device, whereby the Spawn, Fry or Brood of sea fish may be destroyed, shall forfeit such Net, and also forfeit for every Time so doing, ten Shillings of lawful Money of England, the one Half to the Use of the poor People of the City, Town Corporate, Borough, Market town, Parish or Liberty, 'where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and the other Half to the Person that shall sue for the same; (3) the Paid Forfeitures to be levied to the Uses aforesaid, by the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer of every City, Borough or Town Corporate: And by Warrant of one or more Justices of Peace, it shall be lawful for the Constables and Churchwardens of every Market town, Parish or Liberty within which any such Offence or Offences shall be done, by way of Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering to them the Surplusage, according to the Order of former Statutes in such' Cases of Forfeitures ordained, tybat S'rt of

III. Provided always, This this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to punish any

f*kenwsh>the person^Persons for using any Net or Nets of lesser Meafh than is by this Statute appointed, only for Nets prohibited, taking of Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats or Lavidnian; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

farther provi/torts

IV. Provided further. That this Act shall not extend to the Hie and County of Anghfey.

relating hereto, ^occr.2. St. I. r. q. 4* 5 IV M. r.23. 4 Anti. C 21.9Atm. C 26. 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. C 18. 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. 2^ Geo. 2. c. 26. sets.

26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 & 30. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

CAP. XIII.

An Act against unlawful Hunting, Stealing of Deer and Conies.

'senain Offences ' WHEREAS since the Making of the Statute of Efiinto Regina: Elizabeth a, cap. 21. there have itatuteofceiiz. been diverse Grounds enclosed, and used and kept for the Preservation and Maintenance of C zi, hath not Deer and Conies; (2) and whereas there is not by the said Statute of 3innto e/izab. neither by any providedpumfh < other Act now in Force, any sufficient Remedy provided against such Malefactors and evil disposed Persons, as shall chase, hunt or kill any the Deer or Conies within such Grounds, fithence the said 5 Statute of hfuinto Elizabethcs enclosed and kept, and used for the Maintenance and Preservation of the said Game as aforesaid, or any former Grounds which have been fithence the M; king oft he said Statute; /_ ti 4?5 ' in any Part altered: (a) By Reason whereof many Riots, Manslaughters, Mischiefs, and other incon fi 4s7. / ' veniences have been daily committed and done, and like to be committed and done, if circumfped Re

' medy be not hereunto provided: '

Penalty for f[. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, orwwiri or and the Commons, of this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any for hurting of Person or Persons, after the Feast of St. Jama the Apostle next ensuing, shall in the nighttime, or by Deer r Conies. Day, wrongfully or unlawfully break or enter into any Park impaled, or any other several Grounds, in st 2c. 10. cloled with Wall. Pale or Hedge, and used or kept for the Keeping, Breeding and Cherishing of any. Farriierprovided Deer or Conies, and wrongfully or unlawfully shall hunt, drive or chase out, or take, kill or stay any. or by 7j.1c. r. jjeer or Conies within any such impaled Park, or closed Ground with Pale, Wall or other Enclosure as '3' 4- aforesaid, against the Will, Mind or Pleasure of the Owners, Occupiers or Posseflioners of the same, not having lawful Title or Authority so to do, and thereof shall be lawfully convicted at the Suit of our Sovereign

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 14. 57

reign Lord the King, his Heirs or Successors, or the Party grieved, shall suffer Imprisonment of his or their Bodies by the space of three Months; (2) and also shall yield and pay to the Party grieved his treble Damages and Costs, to be assessed and rated by the Justices before whom he or they shall be convicted, after the said three Months expired; (3) and shall find sufficient Sureties for his and their good Abearing against the King, his Heirs and Successors, and all his liege People, for the Space of seven Years after, or else shall remain and continue still in Prison without Bail or Mainprise, until such Time as he or they so offending shall find sufficient Sureties during the said Time and Space of seven Years.

[What Justices may hear and determine the Offences aforesaid.]

III. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of Assize in their Circuits, and Justices of Peace and Gaol-delivery in their Sessions, shall by Virtue hereof have Power and Authority to enquire, hear and determine all and singular the said Offences, by Examination of the Offenders, and to make and award Process thereupon, as well upon Indictments taken before them, as by Bill of Complaint, Information or any other Action in which said Suit or Action no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed.

IV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the Party The Remedy of

frieved, to sue and take his further Remedy against all and every such Offender and Offenders, for his i^e^eadrty, ofs and Damages, and to recover the treble Value of the same in that Behalf, as well before the Justices srieve of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of Assize in their Circuits, and Justices of the Peace and gaol delivery in their Sessions, or elsewhere in any other the King's majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, (2) and Inwlv, tcare that upon true Satisfaction of the said treble Damages to the Party grieved, or upon the Confession or Ac tha Suretiihjp knowledgment thereof by the said Party offending, before the Justices in open Sessions held for the of the good Be county wherein the same Offence shall be committed, it shall be at the Liberty of the said Party grieved, to leased ttyhe* whom the said Offence is committed, to release at his Pleasure the Suretiship of the good Behaviour, at partygrieved! any Time within the said seven Years or before 5 anything in this present Act before mentioned or declared to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons not hav The Penalty for ing any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or mooting with not worth in Goods or Chattels the Sum of two hundred Pounds, shall use any Gun, Bow or crossbow, gun °rbow atto kill any Deer or Conies, or shall keep any Buckftalls or engine hayes, gate nets, purse nets, Ferrets o/fo^kee^ng*' orconey dogs, except such Person or Persons as shall have have any Ground imparked with Pale, or in of Engines, closed with Wall or Hedge as aforesaid, used for the Keeping, Breeding or Cherishing of any Deer or Conies, the Increasing of which said Conies shall amount to the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings to be letten at the lead, or Keepers or Warreners in their Parks, Warrens or Grounds belonging to their Charge; That then any Person having Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds in fee simple, tee tail or for Life, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, may take from the Person or Possession of such Malefactor or Maiefadlors, and to his own Use for ever keep, such Guns, Bows, cross bows, Buckftalls or engine hays. gate nets, purse nets, Ferrets and cony dogs.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons at any Time in what c?.fethe hereafter shall fortune to be bound before any the Justices before mentioned, to the King, his Heirs or Justices maydif successors, for his or their good Abearing for seven Years, according to the Tenor of this Act, and of^oob abear f the same Party or Parties so bound, shall afterward within the said seven Years come before the Justices of ing. the Peace of the said County where the said Offence was committed, or some of them, in open Quarter -

and there in the said Sessions confess and acknowledge his or their said Offence or Offences, and that he or they is or are sorry therefore, and.satisfy the Party or Parties grieved, according to the Tenor of this Act: That then the same Justices before whom the said Confession shall be so made, shall and may have Power and Authority by Virtue of this Act, in the same open Sessions, or in any other Sessions afterwards to be held before the said Justices in the said County, within the said Term of seven Years, if it shall seem good to their Discretions, to discharge the said Recognisance and Bond so taken, and also the said Party and Parties so bound; this Actor anything therein contained, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, do not extend to any Park or A Parkor War enclosed Ground, hereafter to be made and used for Deer or Conies, without the Grant or Licence of our renmade wuh sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs or Successors _ S

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, Offencjj CUTI shall extend to any Offence or Offences concerning the Hunting, Chasing or killing of Deer or Conies, nffttedlntbe. which shall be done or committed in the daytime, but only tct such Offences as shall be hereafter done or Night only; committed in the nighttime only; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstand ^r^aiedc^ ing. [ 3 Car. C 4.. Continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther con fedelprmfi&ns tinued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.] relating hereto,

'z & Car. i.

CI 5. 4isf 5-7t. & M. e. s3. 5.a1k. c. 14. <jann. c.i$. % Geo. 2. C U. zgco.s. c.lt). logco. z. e. p. and ze Get. i. C iz.

CAP. XIV s

An Act for Explanation of the Statute of Sewers.

' t?orasmuch as the Walls, Ditches, Banks, Gutters, Sewers, Gates, Cawfeys, Bridges, Streams water cootie

' r and water courses in and about the City of London, where no Passage of Boats is used, having their falling into the Course and Fall into the River of Thames, where it doth usually ebb and slow, and is used for free Paf -- ' sage of Boats to the Sea, are already by the Commission of Sewers appointed to be.surveyed, reformed London, shallte Vox. III I*and subject to the

58 C 15. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

Commission of < and amended where Need shall require, and are as needful and meet to be surveyed, reformed and ii'h.'i, C <. ' amended, from Noyance of the said River of Thames, by the Commissioners of Sewers, as those Rivers,

Streams and water courses where the Water doth usually ebb or slow, (2) and where more usual Paf ' sage of Boats hath been, and yet are not under the Survey, Correction and Amendment of the com

million of Sewers, nor of the Statute made for Sewers in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of

King Henry the Eighth, or of any other Statute made for Sewers, as the same (hold have been, if the

Hurts, Noyfances and Inconveniences now by daily Experience felt and found in those Places had been seen and considered of: '

Vm. V 19-410. II For Reformation whereof, be it enacted by our Sovereign Lord the King, and by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the 6h 6 same. That the Walls, Ditches, Banks, Gutters, Sewers, Gates, Cawfeys, Bridges, Streams and Wa

8 h. 6 C 3'. ter courses, within the Limits of two Miles of and from the City of London, which. Waters have their 23 h. 8. C 5. Course, and fall into the River of Thames, shall from henceforth be to all Intents, Constructions and pur % h'edv°'s p°fes> as fully fabjedt to the Commission of Sewers, and to all the Statutes made for Sewers, and to all I Mar. seir' 3. ' Penalties in' the same Statutes and in every of them contained, as if the same Places near to the said City C 11.' of London had been particularly named in the said Statute of Sewers, or that therein the Water had ebbed

and flowed, and therein free Passage with Boats and Barges to the Sea had been heretofore used; yamltio. Thing in the said Statutes, or elsewhere, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Recovering of small Debts, and for the Relieving of poor Debtors, in London,

Explained and C WHEREAS by Virtue of diverse Acts of Common Council made within the City of London, the amended by*y y Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the same City, for the Relief of poor Debtors dwelling within the M 10. C City, have accustomed monthly to assign two Aldermen and twelve discreet Commoners to be commissioner, and sit in the Court of Requests, commonly called the Court of Conscience, in the Guildhall, ' of the lame City, there to hear and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the Sum of forty

Shillings to be brought before them: (2) And whereas at the sections of Parliament held at Westminf lac, 1. C 14. ' nr the nineteenth Day of March in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty

now is, for the further Relief of such poor Debtors, and more perfect establishing of the said Court,

there was made and provided an Act, intituled, An Act for Recovery of/mall Debts, and Relieving of poor Debtors in London: (3) And whereas since the making of the said Act, diverse Persons intending to subvert

the good and charitable Intent of the same, and talung hold of some doubtful and ambiguous Words therein, do wrest the same for their own Lucre and Gain, to the avoiding the Jurisdiction of the said

contrary to the godly Meaning of the said act

A mean for a II For the Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that some more full and ample Provision may be made for

do^to'recorer" lie Rel'ef f such poor Debtors, (2) be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That every CI of another there tizen and Freeman of the City of London, and every other Person and Persons inhabiting or that shall in a small Debt, habit within the said City or the Liberties thereof, being atradefman, Victualler or a labouring Man, cro car°572, 'which now have or hereafter shall have any Debt or Debts owing unto him or them, not amounting to Jforty Shillings, by any Citizen, or by any other Person or Persons being a Victualler, Tradesman or labouring Man, inhabiting or that shall inhabit within the said City or the Liberties thereof, shall or may cause such Debtor or Debtors to be warned or summoned by the Beadle or Officer of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, by Writing to be left at the dwelling house of such Debtor or Debtors, or by any other reasonable Warning or Notice to be given to the said Debtor or Debtors, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests held in the Guildhall of the said City: (3) And that the said Commissioners, or any three of them or more, shall have Power and Authority by Virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, to set down such Order or Orders between such Party of Parties Plaintiff, and his or their such Debtor or Debtors Defendants, touching such Debts not amounting to the Value of forty Shillings, in Question before them, as they shall find to Hand with Equity and good Conscience: All such their Order or Orders to be registered in a Book, as they have been accustomed, and as well the Party Plaintiff, as the Debtor or Defendant, to observe, perform and keep the same in all Points.

The commifl>j I[. And that for the more due Proceeding herein, it shall be lawful for the same Commissioners, or ftcrvn Oath'to" any three or more of them, to minister an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant, and also to such Witnesses as t ie Plaintiff, shall be produced on each Party, if the same Commissioners, or any three of them or more, shall so think. "nr it meet.

A Ctedltor futng

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in any aion of Debt, or Action in another Coure upon the Case upon an assumpsit L or the Recovery of any Debt, to be sued or prosecuted again! any the andurec % cr0'ls' Person or Persons aforesaid in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said Court nene.ec°vcr of Requests, it shall appear to the Judge or judges of the Court where such action shall be sued or prosecuted, that the Debt to be recovered by the Plaintiff in such Action doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and the Defendant in such Action shall duly prove, either by sufficient Testimony, or by his own Oath, to be allowed by any the Judge or Judges of the said Court where such Action mall depend, that at the Time of the commencing of such Action such Defendant was inhabiting and refiant in the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, as above, that in such Case the said Judge or Judges shall not allow to the said Plaintiff any Costs of Suit, but shall award that the same Plaintiff shall pay so much ordinary Costs to the Party Defendant, as such Defendant shall justly prove before the said Judge or Judges, it hath truly colt him in Defence of the said Suit.

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 16. 59

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Plaintiff or Creditor, Defendant or Debtor, after Warnte Penalty for ing given to him or them, in Manner and Form before in this Act mentioned, by the said Officer of the j'°j0pb' said Court of Requests, shall, without some juft: or reasonable Cause of Excuse, refuse to appear in the the Outer made said Court before the said Commissioners, or shall not perform such Order as the said Commissioners, or by the commis any three or more of them, shall set down for or concerning such Debts, as aforesaid, that then it shall be fioncr6' lawful for the Officer of the said Court or any other of the Sergeants at Mace of the said City, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to commit such Party or Parties to Prison, into one of the Counters of the said City, there to remain until lie or they shall perform the Order of the said Commissioners in that Behalf.

VI. Provided always, That this at, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Debt Deb's for Rent, for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or any other real Contracts, nor to any otherdebt or.£yftreason ot that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning a Testamentor Matrimony, or anything concerning Mitnmory! r or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same shall be under forty Shillings; anything

before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the first Year of the A Repeal of the

king's majesty's Reign, be from the End of this Session of Parliament, for and concerning any Order to be t

made in the said Court of Requests after the End of this Session of Parliament, utterly repealed. 1 i'4'

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the Repeal of one Act made in the fourteenth Year of Queen elizabeth's Reign,

concerning the Length of Kersies,

WHEREAS in the Parliament held at Westminster in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of our i4. Eiiy. C n. late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, one Act, intituled, An Act to reform the excessive Length of length, and Kersies, was made, intending thereby to have restrained them to the Length of eighteen Yards, or under; nar'^dsort 1"

' (2) immediately upon the making of which Act, by reason of the said Law, it hath fithence fallen out, ing keifies.

' many Clothing Towns, as well widish the County of Southampton as in diverse other Counties within this Realm of England, who were then in Trade with Merchant strangers and others riling the Trade of Transporting of Kersies by Way of Merchandise beyond the Seas, grew suddenly out of Trade and in great Several inconve 'decay, for that the said Merchants would no longer buy of the Clothiers any of their said Kersies want niencieserfuing ing their old accustomed Measure of four and twenty Yards or thereabouts, they the said Merchants be on^eiiz. C iot ing by the like Custom and Usage in Trade with other Merchants for the said Kersies of the said Mea provhed for the"

' fureand Length, to the great Impoverishment and Ruin of diverse ancient Towns, and of thousands of (Lenxth of Ker*

' poor people who were wont by them to be seton work and maintained, and to the great Loss of our said <iet'

' Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, and of the King's Majesty that now is, in their Customs and Subfi dies, which in and by the said former Venting and Trading of tyre said Kersies, did and would continn ally accrue and grow due for the same

II. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the said act of the four A Repeal of the teenth Year of the Reign of our said late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to reform [0

' the excessive Length of Kersies, '. be from henceforth clearly and absolutely repealed. 4', 0-

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That Kersies called The Length and ordinary Kersies, shall not exceed the Length of four and twenty Yards to be measured by the Yard and wehm ofordi inch; (2) and that every ordinary Kersie of the Length of four and twenty Yards aforesaid, being well na'y V e: ' scoured, thicked, milled, dressed and fully dried, shall weigh eight and twenty Pounds and one Half Pound at the least: And that Kersies called Sorting kersies, shall not exceed the Length aforesaid, and that Sotting Kerfi. every Sorting kersie of the Length of four and twenty such Yards as aforesaid, being well fcoui CD thicked,

milled, dressed, and fully dried, shall weigh thirty-two Pounds and one Half Pound at the least: (4) And that every Kersie of a shorter Length than four and twenty such Yards as aforesaid, shall weigh proportion -- ably to the aforesaid Weight, that is to say, every ordinary Kersie after the Rate of one Pound and three Ounces Weight for every Yard that the same shall contain in Length, and every Sorting kersie after the Rate of one Pound three Ounces and an Half Ounce in Weight, for every Yard that the same shall contain in Length.

IV. And if it happen that any Kersie or Kersies hereafter to be made, shall either exceed the said Length of four and twenty such Yards, as aforesaid, or shall not weigh according to the respective Rates and Pro'aforesaid, then every Person or Persons that shall make, or cause the same to be made for Sale, shall forfeit and lose for every Yard of such Kersies, exceeding the Length of four and twenty such said Yards, the sum of five Shillings only, and no more: (2) And for every pound weight that shall be want The yorfei, Hre ing according to the Proportions before respectively limited, shall forfeit two Shillings for every Pound, for exceeding fn and no more; any former Laws or Statutes limiting or appointing any other or greater Penalty or For Length, or 0 feiture to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; (3) the one Moiety of the said Sums, penal m ties and Forfeitures to be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or et them that will sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed or admitted.,

V. Provided further, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons selling the custom an4^' or trading in any such Kersie or Kersies, shall pay unto the King's Majesty for every Piece of Kersie con Subsidy for taining four and twenty Yards, as much in Custom and Subsidy, rateably, as such Person or Persons lhoulri 1 iece 0 'llie' and ought to pay unto his Majesty for one Piece and a third Part of a Piece containing eighteen yards. 1 5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 6.

6o

i

Anno tertio Jacobi I.

A.D. 1605.

C 17 3 18.

CAP. XVII.

An Act concerning welsh Cottons.

1 Jar, 1, C 25.

No Penalty for want of a Seal ol Welsh Cottons.

Welsh Cottons shall not be searchedor tried.

' TI WHEREAS in a Statute made at the first Session of Parliament held at Westminster in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, amongst other Things it was provided and enacted, That no person or Persons should incur any Penalty for want of Length, Breadth or Weight of Weljlo Cottons, un'

der the Price of fifteen pence the Yard, and two Shillings the Goad, so as they be not mixed with Hair or other deceitful Stuff, nor for any other above that Price, except they be mix'd as aforesaid, or shall shrink above Half a Yard in twelve Yards at Length, or weigh less than fourteen Ounces theyard,

' and hold nit full three Quarters of a Yard broad, as by the same Statute appeareth; (2) which Proviso

the Construction of diverse Persons doth not preserve such as make or sell coarse Welsh Cottons, from: the Penalty and Danger of not adding or affixing a Seal to contain the Length, Breadth or Weight of the said Cottons, which Affixion of a Seal is needless when there is no Length, Breadth or Weight pre

for them: (3) And moreover for that in all antecedent Ages the said Cottons being commonly £ uled for Linings, were never seized as forfeited for want of the Seal of the Makers put unto them, nor used to be searched or tried by Water, but only by the Buyer: '(4) Be it therefore enacted by our So

Lord the King, and by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Person or Persons shall incur any Penalty for want of any Content Seal to contain the Breadth, Length or Weight of any Welsh Cottons: (5) And that no Welsh Cottons shall at any Time or Times hereafter be iearched or tried in the Water by any Person or Persons, other than by the Buyer thereof; (6) upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence by the Party who shall make any such Search or Trial contrary to the Intent of this Statute, five Pounds, of lawful Money of England, the one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; other Moiety to the Party grieved; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the bringing in of a fresh Stream of running Water to the North Part of the

City of London.

' TT'O R that it is found very convenient and necessary to have a fresh Stream of running Water to be

JD brought to the North Parts of the City of London, from the Springs of Chadutel and Amwel, and other

Springs in the County of Hertford not far distant from the same, which upon View is found very feasible, and like to be profitable to manyit is therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, and by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to the Lord Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, at any Time or Times hereafter, to begin and continue the

a T h out such convenient Limits of Ground for the Making of the Trench for the said River at the

maj^bemstde to Breadth of ten Foot and not above, as to them and their Deputies and Workmen, with the Allowance convey the Wa of the Commissioners hereafter mentioned, or any Seven of them, shall be seen convenient and meet for wmainw i the same; (2) and in that Place that they shall find to be most apt and meet for that Purpose, to have tolondon"1 and take for the Purpose abovesaid, the Use and Liberty of such and so much Ground, as shall contain Jac. 1, C 12. ten Foot in Breadth and not above, during and by all the Length as the said new Channel, Cut or River, shall pass, for the Conveying of the said Water from the said Springs to the City of London, leaving the Inheritance of the new Cut in the Owners thereof:

II. And that the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, and their Successors for ever, for jflundon mf°' t^lc Consideration hereafter expressed, shall have Liberty to dig the same Ground to be employed for the mikeand main sold River or New Cut, not exceeding ten Foot in Breadth alongst all the said whole Length of the said trm the New River or New Cut, and from Time to Time for ever to maintain and preserve the same, and to lay the Cut Earth there digged or to be digged on either Side of the same River or New Cut, in such Places as shall be thought meet for that Purpose; and to have free Passage to and from the said New Cut or River, with Men, Horses, Carts and Carriages at all Times convenient, and in Places convenient, for making of the same New Cut or Trench, and for the Preserving of the same, and of the Banks thereof from Time to Time for ever, to the Intent that no Part of the said Stream be at any Time after the Making of the New Cut, without the Consent of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, turned or conveyed out of the same New Cut or Watercourse.

Satisfaction shall HI In Consideration whereof the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, and their Successors, be made to the shall make such Satisfaction or Composition to and with the Lords, Owners and Occupiers of the same owners of the Grounds through which the New Cut or River shall be made, and with all such Person and Persons as the°newcut7» any Damage, Loss or Hindrance in their Mills Handing upon any of the Rivers or Streams

n^de. from which the Water shall be taken through the said New Cut, or River, as shall be to the Contentment

of the Lords, Owners and Occupiers of the said Grounds and Mills; (2) and in Default of their, Agreement by mutual Assent, such Satisfaction or Recompense as shall be limited, and appointed by the Commissioners to be assigned for that Purpose, according to the Intent of this Statute, by the Lord

A.D. 1605. Anno tertio Jacobi I. C. 19 - 21. 61

Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, by Commission under the Great Seal of England, or by any Nine of them, whereof Four of them to be Citizens of the City of London.

IV. And for the better effecting of the Premises, and for the due Rating of the Value of the Things sixteencommir to be compounded for by the true Intent of this Statute, (if the Parties shall not agree) Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That at the Request and Charges of the Mayor, Commonalty whatthei' 11 and Citizens of London Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of England', shall be granted to thorny shall be. such Persons as the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being,

shall nominate and appoint, whereof Four shall be of the County of Middlesex, Four of the County of Essex, and Four of the County of Hertford, and Four of the City of London, and every of them having Lands and Tenements of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds at the lead: (z) Which Sixteen or any Nine of them, whereof Two to be of the City of London, shall have Power to order and set down what Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, to the Lords, Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds and Soil, and Mills, for which com nofition is to be made by the Intent of this Act, if the Parties cannot of themselves agree, and in what.

Manner the same shall be paid; (3) and that for the Recovery of such Money as shall be so ordered and set down by the said Commissioners, or any Nine of them, whereof Two to be: of the City of London, the Party or Parties to whom the same Money shall be due to be paid by the true Intent of the said Order,

shall or may recover the same against the said Mayor and Commonalty of London, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein.no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed. 1 r

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in the New Gut there happen any Breaches, The Breaches

Inundations or Hurts, the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, shall from Time to Time flop the ne^vcuc the Breaches at their own Charges, and sufficiently maintain them from Time to Time, and make fufv mail be stopped fkient Recompense to the Party grieved for the Damage sustained by the same Breaches riling by their by the Mayor, Default, to be recovered by Action of the Case grounded upon this Statute., cof London.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Commonalty, and Bridges and Paf citizens of London, and their Successors for ever, mall make and maintain at their Coils and Charges

from Time to Time, convenient Bridges and Ways for the passage of the King's Subjects, and their New Cut. 6 Catde and Carriages, over or through the said New Cut or River, in Places meet and convenient.

VII. And further be it enacted, That until or before a full Agreement with the Lords, Owners and Nothing shall be occupiers of the Premises be had, or that such Order and Means be devised and agreed upon by the owners of the Commissioners, by the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England to be nominated Ground be and appointed, or the more Part of them, as shall seem meet for the due effething of the Premises, and agreed with the said Commission returned into the High Court of Chancery, it shall not be lawful to the said Lord

Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, to put the said Digging, Trenching or New Cutting of the said new River from the said Springs in Execution, nor to cut or take in any Ground for Passage of Water from the said Springs or any of them, by Force of this Statute; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Time as there shall be a'thenewc "t New Cut, Stream or River brought from the Springs aforesaid, or any of them, to the City of London, do^maii'be^ub that for the better Maintenance and Preservation of the said River or New Cut, and of all the Waterjea tocommif." therein running, to be brought to the City of London, the same shall be subject to the Commission' offton of Sewers. Sewers, and to the Laws and Statutes made for Sewers, as fully to all Intents and.purposes, as the same

River or New Cut had been expressly mentioned in the said Statutes of Sewers to be under the Survey of the said Commissioners.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all such Things as shall be done at any Time thecleanfing hereafter, for the Scowring, Cleansing, Amending and Conservation of the said New River or Cut, shall p?thenewation be at the only Cofl and Charges of the Mayor, Citizens and Commonalty of the City of London: River shall be at'

(2) And that all Fines and Amerciaments which shall be imposed by Virtue of the said Commission of the Coflsof the Sewers, for any wilful Annoyances and Offences which shall be at any Time hereafter committed, to ma>'or>scc

the Hurt or Prejudice of the said New River or Cut, or.any Thing thereunto appertaining, shall be to the only Use, Benefit and Behoof of the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, and.of their Successors for ever. PR. Altered by Jac. 1. C iz.

---

CAP. XIX.

Who shall be charged with the Repairing and Maintaining of the Highway, leading from Kingstone to Nonsuch.

PR. EXP. Stat. 21 Jac. 1. C. 28.

CAP. XX.

How passage may be made by Water from London to Oxford.

PR. REP. 21 Jac. 1. C. 32.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to restrain the Abuses of Players.

[The Penalty of Players on the Stage, &c. prophanely abusing the Name of God.]

FOR the Preventing and Avoiding of the great Abuse of the Holy Name of God in Stage-plays, Enterludes, May-games, Shows, and such like; (2) Be it enacted by our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament

62 C. 22 - 27. Anno tertio Jacobi I. A.D. 1605.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time or Times after the End of this present Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons do or shall in any stage play, Enterlude, Shew, May-game or Pageant, jestingly or profanely speak or use the holy Name of God, or of Christ Jesus, or of the Holy Ghost, or of the Trinity, which are not to be spoken but with fear and Reverence, shall forfeit for every such Offence by him or them committed, ten Pounds: (3) The one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety thereof to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

[Farther Provisions relating hereto, 10 Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. & 25 Geo. 2. c. 36.]

CAP. XXII

An Act for the Paving of Drury-lane, and the Town of St. Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

---

*xh.8. C 5. An Act for the new making up and keeping in Reparation of Chepstow bridge. The Effect of the Stat.

of 18 Eliz. c. 18. touching repair of Chepstow bridge. A Repeal of the Statute of 18 El. C 18. made touching Chepstow bridge. What counties shall hand charged for the making and repairing of Chepstow bridge. The Justices shall tax the Inhabitants of the' Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth. Collectors shall be appointed in every Hundred of both the Counties. Surveyors shall be appointed, and their Authority. The Collectors and Surveyors shall make Account to the Justices. The Justices may permit asking of Benevolence towards the Building' of the Bridge.

CAP. XXIV.

The Bridge over the River Severn, near adjoining to the Town of Upton upon Severn in the County of Worcester, shall be wholly made, builded and hnished within the Space of three Years after the End. of this Session of Parliament, by the Inhabitants of the County of Worcester, sv.

PR.

EXP.

CAP. XXV.

A Confirmation of four Subsidies of four Shillings in the Pound, granted to the King by the Clergy.

EXP.

CAP. XXVI.

Three entire subcdies and six Fifteens granted to the King by the Temporalty.

EXP.

CAP. XXVII.

A Confirmation of the King's General and Free Pardon, except, C

EXP.

Anno Regni, Jacobi Regis Angliae, Scotia Francis: & hiber nix, viz. Anglia Franciae & Hibernia? quarto, & Scotias quadragesimo.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster by Prorogation the eighteenth Day of November ' TV in the fourth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord James, by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, €sv. and of Scotland the fortieth; 1 ' And there continued until the fourth Day of July one thousand six hundred and seven: And then prorogued until the sixteenth Day of November next following; To the high Pleasure of Almighty God,

' and to the Weal publick of this Realm, 'were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

An Act sot the utter. Abolition, of all Memory of Hostility, and the Dependance thereof, between England and Scotland, and for the Repressing of Occasions of Disorders in Time to come.

3

hofiiie^lawj, TOR the Honour, Weal and good of these two mighty, famous and ancient Kingdoms of England and of Hostility JP and Scotland, and for the Furtherance and Advancement of the happy Union already begun in his Unhand Scot Majest y's Royal Person; (2) Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, with the altent land. " of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ar; d the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by 4 h. 5. C 7. the Authority of the same, That one act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, Utters of Mart. whereby it is enacted, That Letters of Mart or Reprisal be granted against the People of Scoland, in Case,

where the Subjects of england have been spoiled, and have complained, and not received Redress, shall for so much theredf as so ioncerneth the 'People of Scotland, be utterly repealed and made void.

Anno quarto Jacobi I.

C 1.

63

II. And also that one Proviso contained in an Act made in the three and thirtieth Year of the p.eign ofking Henry the Eighth, by which Proviso the King's majesty's Subjects inhabiting within twelve Miles of the Borders of Scotland, are allowed and permitted to use gross bows, hand guns, Hackbuts or de mihakes, dr to use and keep in his or their Houses or elsewhere any such cross bows, hand guns, Hack hand euns' buts and Demihakes, for so much of the said Proviso as so concerneth such as shall inhabit within twelve 33 h. C. 6. Miles of the said late Borders, shall be utterly repealed and made void.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That these other Statutes hereafter follow Armour, ing. That is to lay, one Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, velual'c 6 whereby it is eiladled, That no Armour, Vidhial or other Refrelliment be carried into Scotland, upon '2' c'1*Pain of Seizure or Forfeiture:

IV. And one other Act made in the one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, March Law. whereby it is enacted, That March law be not used out of the Circuit of the Counties of Northum 31 h.6.c' 3 berland, Cumberland and Westmorland, or the Towii of 'Newcastle

V. And one other Statute made in the Seventh. Year of, the.ireigh of king Henry the Seventh, Scottishmen.

whereby it is enabled, That Scottishmen should avoid out of the Realm of England within a Time 7 H. 7. C 7. prefixed: _ i

VI. And one other Statute made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; i3 h. s. And a like Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth; whereby the con vevino of Horses out of England into Scotland is made Felony: 1 a. C 7.

And one other Statute made in the second and third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Lands let to

8. C 16.

Queen Mary; *- f&t3fhn&m

I Hi. And the like Statute made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, Z. 1. whereby it is enabled, That no Lands or Tenements be let to Scottishmen upon the Borders: (2) Shall3 Eliz. C 4. be utterly abrogated, repealed and made void: (3) And if there had appeared any other Statute of this formerrinevta realm of England, wherein anything is ordained, enabled or established, expressly and by Name tutes, against Scottishmen as Enemies, or Scotland as, an Enemy country to the Kings of this Realm or the State of the lame, We should for so much of them as had lb concerned 1 Scottishmen or Scotland, have utterly abrogated and annulled the same; seeing all Enmity and Hollility of former Times between the two Kingdoms and people; is now happily taken away, and under the Government of his Majesty, asunder one Parent and Head, turned into Fraternity or Brotherly Friendship.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority, of this present Parliament, That

none of the Articles, Branches or Clauses abovesaid, in this Act before contained and expressed, Effect until shall take Effect or be in Force, or in any wise be deemed and expounded to take Effect or to be in other Statutes Force, to any Intent, Construction or Purpose, until these Acts of Parliament of the Realm of Scot ^ardepeafe "tlantj land hereafter following; that is to lay, one Act made in the Time of James the First, King of Scotland, ., by which it was enabled, That all Persons remaining in England without the King's Licence, did Remaining in commit Treason,

X One other Act made in the Time of the said King James the First, whereby any Assurance cence.*"2

with Ewlijkmen, for taking Protection from them for Lands or Goods, is Treason: i

XI. One other Act in the same King's Time, inhibiting all Buying and Selling of English Goods forbidden, under Pain of Escheat:

XII. One other Act made in the Time of James the Second, King of Scotland, That none should. into England in Time of War, without Licence, under Pain of Treason -

One other Act made in the Reign of the said King James the Second, containing, That no Englishmen come into Scotland without Cpndubl, and that no Scottishman sit under Assurance with, them: >.

XIV. One other Act of the same King's Time, That no Scottishman supply Berwick and Roxburgh, under Pain of Treason:

One other Act. made in the Time of the said King James the Second, That all Men be ready

for Defence of the Realm against England:; 'u,

XVI. Two Acts made in the; Time of James the Third, King of Scotland, for refilling King Edward the Fourth: <., / f, ". y, jj

XVII. One other Act made in the Time of the said King James the Third, concerning the upholding of Berwick, and Garrisons upon the Borders: i Lir S rxjf: CI

xvlll One Act made in the Reign of Mary late Queen of Scotland, by which it vyas enacted.

That Scottishmen are charged to leave Assurances with englishmen:

XIX. One other Act made in the Time of the said Queen Mary, concerning assured scottish. men

assisting the English Army: ^_ r

XX. One Act made in the Parliament of Scotland in the Time of the most happy Reign of our:

most gracious Sovereign Lord the King that now is, containing. That the Scottish Borderers are discharged to marry English Borderers Daughters: ,; 0' G., L - j'1

XI. And lastly, one other Act made in the time of our Sovereign Lord the King, injjaining The Parliamen the Warden to put in a Bill the Names of all Englishmen, tat occupy Lands in Scotland, and.seek ofs.<»tl4ndfl», Redress according to the Treaties: (2)^ shall.by Act of Parliament of the said Realn) of Scotland, be htftucla'v' utterly repealed, frustrate and made void; (3) and until also the find Parliament of the; reglm.of Scotland shall by their said Act, make as full and ample Declaration concerning their clear Intention and,

Desire of Repeal of all other hollile Laws of their Part, not before mentioned, ^, if they were known, as on the Part of this Realm of England rh^th been in this' prefenvadt shaded, t: it.'>/v'tv< j

>8.'i -..; i[ II 1, II»h tnvl iff bjti 111 'J

64

G. 2.

Anno quarto Jacobi L

A.D. 1606.

A Repeal of the

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Act made in the fifth Year stat.' r. C a of King Richard the Second, concerning the Rellraint of Passage of his Majesty's Subjects out of this touching the Re realm, and every Ordinance, Provision, Article or Clause therein contained, shall be from henceforth fs^eove°/thcs'ea'utter'y repealed, Is'c. [The rest of this Act is revived 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 22. but is obsolete fine None shall be 5 Ann. C J troubled for any

Wrong done before the Death of tjueen Elizabeth by the Laws of the Borders. Trials of Felonies committed by Englishmen in Scotland to be in the Northern Counties. Witness allowed to the Party arraigned upon Oath, The Prosecutor and Witnesses shall be bound to give Evidence. The accessary shall be tried, though the Principal be not convicted or attainted. What an Englirtiman committing a Felony in Scotland shall forfeit, and what not. A like act shall be made in Scotland. The Offence shall be alleged in the Indictment where it is done. No Englishmen shall be sent out of England to receive his Trial in Scotland. Altered by 7 Jac, 1, C 1. and enforced by 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 22. The Jurors may allow or reject the Witnesses, Trial of a Peer by his Peers.

CAP. II.

An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloth.

K f rie TO R. the Avoiding of many Inconveniences happening to his Highness Subjects exercising the Breadth and8'*1'*P Mystery and Trade of making and working of Woollen Clothes of diverse Names and Natures, Weight several and that the Buyers of such Clothes may have true and just Commerce without Fraud or Deceit, 5 Sorts of clothes It pleaseth his most excellent Majesty, with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Counties of this Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, that it be enacted, (2) and by the Authority of the Realm shall be. same it is enacted, That from and after fourfeore Days next after the End of this Session of Parliament, Putting of Flocks every long Broadcloth and Clothes which shall be made of died Wools and mingled Colours, within in coth, SOUTHWEST any of the Shires of Kent, York, or at the Town of Reading, or elsewhere of like making, shall contain in Length at the Water, every Piece being thoroughly wet, between thirty and four and thirty Yards, every Yard, Yard and Inch of the Standard and no more, and in Breadth LIX Quarters and a Half of a Yard at the least within the Lists, by the whole Length of the same Cloth: (3) And that every Piece mf the same Cloth being well scoured - milled, and fully dried, shall be in Weight eighty six Pounds at the least.

The Length,

II. And that every White Cloth which shall be made within the Cities of Worcester, Coventry and wethtoflon 'Hereford, commonly called long jkorcesters, or elsewhere of like making, shall contain in Length,

Woreefters.5 being wet, between thirty and thirty-three such fald Yards and Inches as is aforesaid, and shall be in

5 & 6 Ed. 6, C Breadth seven Quarters throughout all the whole Cloth, and being clean fcowred, thicked, milled, and 4 &5 Ph. & M; fully dried, shall weigh seventy eight Pounds at the least.

Plunkett,

III. And that all and every long coloured Clothes, commonly called Plunkets, Azures and Blues, and

Azures, Blues long white Clothes, which shall be made in any of the Shires of Suffolk, Norfolk and Essex, or elsewhere _of ie making, shall contain in Length, being wet, between twenty-nine and thirty-two such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and shall be in Breadth six Quarters and one Half Quarter within the Lists at the least, and being we 1 scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh eighty Pounds at the The Length kaft: (2) And that all and every short Clothes coloured, and short white Clothes, commonly called

Breadth and' Sorting clothes, which shall be. made in any of the Shires last before mentioned, or elsewhere of like

Weight of Sort sort and Making, shall. contain, being wet, in Length, between twenty-three and twenty six such said s ed.6.c 6'yrds and inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth throughout the whole Piece, six Quarters within the 5 ph! & M. Lists at the least, and being well scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh sixty four Pounds C 5- the Cloth at the least"

Length,

Breadth and Weight of fine short Suffolks.

The Length, Breadth and Weight of Handiwarps.

Coloured Cloth made in Wilt

IV. and that all and every short Clothes coloured, and short white Clothes, commonly called fine Short Suffolks, which shall be made in the Shires last. before mentioned, or elsewhere of like making, shall contain, being wet, 'in Length, between three and twenty and six and twenty such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth throughout the whole Piece, six Quarters and an Half within the Lists at tile least being well scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh sixty four Pounds the Cloth at the least. And that every such Sorting short Cloth shall be differenced from the said fine Clothes last before mentioned by a blue Selvedge or Edging on both Lifts: (3) And that every white Cloth which shall be made within the same, mentioned Shires, or elsewhere of like making, commonly called Handiwarps, shall contain in Length between twenty-nine and thirty-two such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth seven Quarters, and being well scoured, thicked, milled, and fully miaein wut dried, shall weigh seventy six Pounds at the least: (4) And that all broad Plunkets, Azures, Blues, and fliireandsomer other coloured Cloth which shall be made within the Shires of Wiltshire and Somersetshire, or elsewhere (etshire. of like making, shall contain, being thoroughly wet, between twenty six and twenty-eight such Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth six Quarters anil an Half within the Lists, and being well Short doth scoured, thicked, milled; and fully dried, shall weigh sixty eight Pounds the Cloth at the least: (5) And Wools in York that every Clorh commonly called short Clothes, which shall be made of died Wools, and mingled co thire. lours, within the County of York, or elsewhere of like making, shall contain in Length, being though

roughly wet, betwee ri twelity three and twenty-five such Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth six Quarters and an Half between the Lists,; and being clean scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh sixty six Pounds the; Cloth at: the least; (6) and every Half piece thereof, commonly called Dozens, 'to be made and wrought after the same Rate in every Respect

And that all broad lifted Whites and Reds which shall be made in any of the Counties of thlt shire, Glouctferfdre f Oxfordshire and the Eastern limits of Simerfetshire, or elsewhere of like making, commonly called sorting pack broad lifted Clothes, shall contain in Length, being wet; between twenty six and twenty-eight such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and shall be iri Breadth six Quarters

8 and

A half piece called Dozens.

The Length, Breadth and Weight of b oad lifted Whites and Reds.

A.D. 1606. Anno quarto Jacobi I.

G. 2.

65

and an Half throughout the whole Cloth at the lead, and being clean fcourcd, ducked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh every Piece of the same Cloth sixty four Pounds the Cloth at the lead: (2) And that all The Length, narrow med W hitcs and Reds which shall be made in tviltshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire, and the Eadernhe?dth ad Limits of Smerfetshire, Gr elsewhere of like making, commonly called sorting pack Clothes, shall contain row liftedr ar" in Length, being wet, between twenty six and twenty-eight such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and whites and shall be in Breadth within the Lists six Quarters and a Half throughout the whole Cloth at the least, and R'jds> lifted with narrow Lids, as hath been accudomed for sorting pack Clothes, and being clean scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh every Piece, being White, sixty one Pounds at the lead, and being Red shall weigh sixty Pounds the Piece at the lead.

VI. And that every fine Cloth with plain Lids made in the Counties of tviltjjnre, Gloucestershire, So Ttie Length, ', mersetshire and Oxford, or elsewhere of like making, shall contain in Length between twenty-nine and thirty wetehtof fine two such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth six Quarters and a Half between the Lists clothes with throughout the whole Cloth, and being clean scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh pin Lists. seventy two Pounds at the lead.

VII. And that all and every Clothes, having dop Lids and not plain Lids, shall contain in Length clothes having between thirty and thirty-three of such said Yards and Inches as is aforesaid, and in Breadth rtopped Lffts* seven Quarters within the Lids, throughout the whole Cloth, and in Weight seventy eight Pounds at

the lead, as all Worcester Clothes are limited: (2) And that every Broadcloth commonly called Tam broad clothes tonnes, Bridgwaters and Durtfters, made in the Western Parts of Somersetshire, or elsewhere of like iftaking, calledtaun.torn, shall contain, being thoroughly wet, between twelve and thirteen such said Yards and Inches, as isp" d^ater6 and aforesaid, and in Breadth seven Quarters of a Yard at the lead, and being well scoured, thicked, milled'*fully dried, shall weigh thirty Pounds the Cloth at the least: (3) and every narrow Cloth of like Sort and Making within the said County of Somersetshire, or elsewhere, dial] contain in Length, being thoroughly wet, between twenty-four and twenty-five such Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth one Yard within the Lids at the lead, and lided with a narrow Lid, and well scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh thirty Pounds apiece at the lead, and the Half cloth thereof to be of a proportionable Length and Weight, and of like Breadth, as aforesaid: And that all such Broad and nar. like broad Clothes and narrow Clothes lad before mentioned, made within the County of York into made in Yoik whites and Reds, the broad Cloth to hold the same. Lengths, Breadth and Weight, but the narrow mire. ° Cloth to be allowed by this Statute to contain between seventeen and eighteen Yards of like mea sure Breadth, and in Weight proportionable, as aforesaid.

VIII. And that all Devonshire Kersies called Dozens, shall contain in Length at the Water between dever.ftiire ker twelve and thirteen such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and being well scoured, thicked, milled, pes. ca, led. and fully dried, shall weigh thirteen Pounds the Cloth at the least - And all Clothes called Check chech ker/ies, Kersies, Straights and plain Greys, shall contain in Length at the Water between seventeen and Straights and eighteen such said Yards and Inches as is aforesaid, and in Breadth one Yard at the least by all the fija"? Great. and being well scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh twenty-four Pounds the ft^netorfoteft piece at the least: And that alj Clothes called Ordinary Penistones or Forest whites, shall contain in whites'.

Length in the Water between twelve and thirteen such said Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Breadth five Quarters and an Half, and being clean scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh twenty-eight Pounds the Piece at the least: (4) And that all Penistones called Sorting penistones, sit all sorting peni contain in Length in the Water between thirteen and fourteen such Yards and Inches, and shall be instones>

Breadth six Quarters and a Half, and being clean scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall 'weigh thirty-five Pounds the Piece at the least.

IX. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all cog ware, Kendal and Carpt cog ware,

meals, shall from henceforth be made in such Sort as shall bell please the Buyer, and shall not be Rendal nd searched or sealed, or be subject to any other Penalty than such as was imposed thereon before the nine Urp, meas and thirtieth year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, so as they shrink not above 19ei!z C o > Yard for every twenty Yards, 4

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Kersies called Washers, or wash whites, The Length and

made within the Counties of York, Lancaster or elsewhere of like making, shall contain in Length at Weight of the Water, being half thicked, between seventeen and eighteen Yards of the.measure aforesaid, and wash whiter. being quarter thicked, shall contain between eighteen and nineteen such Yards and Inches, as is afore V

said, and being clean scoured and fully dried, shall weigh seventeen Pounds the Piece at the least'.'there shall be

(2) And that no cloth worker, sheer man or Fuller, shall raise or row, or cause to be raised or rowed, no Rowing, or any kind of Clothes or Kersies in or with any Oils, Goose Grease, Swines Grease, or any suchlike Thing Ralfing0 Clot'1' of any kind of Greafes or Oils, but shall lhear the same Cloth, Kersie, plain and straight, without laying

moron any of the aforesaid Oils, Goose Grease, Swines Grease, or any other liquid or rrioift Thing, 'but only upon the Edge of the Shears with Semet or Oil, upon Pain to forfeit for every Time so doing.

Contrary to the true Meaning of this Statute, thirteen Shillings fourpence And that no Cloth; - ^ffe rehirow wprker, sheer man or Fuller, shall raise, full, or row or (hear the Lists and Sides of Clothes a'fidingl rsi/i.v, '

Kersies, better than the Midst, but shall work all alike;

Kersie, plain and straight, done contrary to the true fourpence -

And that no cloth worker, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall have or use for the T, iere bj

Cutting or Taking away of the Wool from the back fides of any Clothes and Kersies, any Knife or woo iuom 'ite Knives, Rubfier or rubfters, Pumiftone, or any other Device whatsoever, but only to shear the^fayr.e jhcl< sids of back side. with a Pair of Shears; (2) cn Pain of forfeiting, for every Piece wherein or wheretipoiv th4cl0th* same shall be so done, the Sum of thirteen Shillings, fourpence

; '(a) upon pain.of forfeiting for every Cloth', fuli % r'

: Meaning of this Statute, fthirt^eri shillings of5c°orhse.

Snear

Lilts

66

C 2.

Anno quarto Jacobi I.

A.D. 1606.

There shall be nu flowing, Spouting nr Be dewing arty Cloth on the Sides near the Lists.

The Forfeiture for Blowing, Spouting, cof a Cloth for En

Agreemencfor the Dying! dressing, Shearing and Rowing of Cloth.

Into what Kind sof Clothes only Flocks, Thrums, and Lambswool, may be pur. rep.ai jac. r. a. 18.

The Means to know Cloth made of Flocks, Thrums, C

The Penalty for putting of any Hair, Flocks, C into any other Cloth.

Places where Flannel, wad nais and Coverlets be made.

The Forfeiture where the Cloth is longer than is appointed.

The Forfeiture where the Cloth wantethweight;

The Forfeiture if the Cloth do want Breadth.

The Forfeiture if the Cloth be ct iefs Length than the Seal doth purport.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this prefetn Parliament, That no cloth worker, sheer man or Fuller, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall from and after the Feast of St '.John Baptist next ensuing the ' End of this present Session of Parliament, blow, spout or bedew any kind of broadcloth' or Kersie on the Sides and edges near the Lists thereof with any Water, or other liquid or moist Thing whatsoever, whereby the Edges or Sides of any Cloth or Kersie may make Show to) be better than it is' in the Ridge, Crest ormidft thereof; (2) upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of thirteen shillings fourpence of lawful Money of England: (3) And if any Person or Persons (half blow, spout, wet or bedew; or cause to be blowed, spouted, wet or bedewed with any liquid or moist Thing any kind of Cloth or Kersie of whatsoever Country, Making or Name, for Increase of Weight, thereby to deceive the Buyers or Searchers, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings of like lawful Money of England.,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said white Clothes and coloured Clothes, which by this present act are not limited and appointed, to be wrought, dressed and (horn, shall have Allowance, and Abatement for the Dying, pressing, Rowing and Shearing thereof, for every such said short broad Woollen Clothes four Pounds in Weight, and no more, and the long Clothes live Pounds and no more, and so after that Rate in all and every the same half woollen Cloth, Kersie, and other the said Woollen Cloth.

XIV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons lawfully exercising the Trade or Art of a Clothier, or making of Clothes, -" to make Flocks, Thrums, and Lambs Wool into Cloth of one only Kind or Making, which shall contain in Length, being thoroughly wet, between twelve and thirteen such Yards and Inches, as is aforesaid, and in Brqadth one Yard at the lfeaft within the Lists, and being clean scoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh fifteen Pounds the Piece at the least'

'And for the better and more easy Distinction and Knowledge of every such Cloth from Cloth made of perfedi Wool, 'every Cloth made of Flocks, Thrums and Lambs Wool, shall have the one List wholly of black Yarn, and on the other Side a Selvedge only; (2) And that from henceforth no Person or Persons shall put any Flair, Flocks, Thrums or any Yarn made of lambswool, or other deceiveable Thing or Things, in or upon any other broad Woollen Cloth, Half cloth, Kersie, Prize, Dozen, Bays, Penistone, Cotton, Taunton Cloth, Bridgewater, Dunjler Cotton, or other Cloth, of what Nature, Kind and Name soever, made to be sold, and sold, not being made and lifted with such black List and Selvedge as aforesaid;. upon Pain to forfeit every such of the said Woollen Cloth, Half cloth, Kersie, Frize, Dozen, Penistone, Cotton and other Woollen Cloth, of what Nature, Kind and Name soever than such as shall be lifted and made as aforesaid, whereinto or upon which any such Hair, Flocks, Thrums, Yarn of Lambs Wool, or other deceiveable Thing shall be put or used, or the Value thereof.

XVI. Provided always, that in such Towns, Places and Counties, where Flannel, Wadnals and Coverlets or Blankets are usually made, 'the same may be made in such Sort as heretofore hath been lawfully used and accustomed; or anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And if any of the said Broad Woollen Clothes, or Half cloth, or any other Kind of Woollen Clothes, Dozens, Cottons or othdr Sorts of Woollen Cloth before mentioned in this present Act, of what Nature, Kind or Name soever they be of, made to be sold, and sold, shall be more in Length than is therefore respectively limited and appointed in this present Act; then every Person or Persons selling the same, shall forfeit and pay for every Yard and Inch exceeding the Length so appointed, the Sum of ten Shillings, and no more.

XVIII. And if any such Cloth shall hot weigh proportionally for every such Yard and Inch to the several and respective Weight to them so limited and appointed, then the said Person and Persons selling the same, shall forfeit and lose for every pound weight that shall be wanting above two Pounds, the Sum of ten Shillings, and no more; any former Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And if any such Cloth before mentioned, not exceeding the several Lengths to them by this Statute limited or appointed, and holding the several and respective Weight limited and appointed, flo yet fortune to want of the just Breadth limited or appointed; then the said Person or Persons selling the same, shall forfeit and lose for every Cloth falling narrow thorough the whole Cloth, twenty Shillings, and throughout Plalf the Cloth, ten Shillings, and under half the Cloth, five Shillings only and no more; any former Laws or Statutes inflicting other or greater Penalty or Penalties to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And if any Cloth or Clothes of any the Names, Natures or Making aforesaid, which by.this Statute or any Clause or Article therein, or any other Statute now in 'Force and not repealed, shall upon due and convenient Trial, within convenient Time after Sale thereof, in Presence of the Party that sold the same, or other Person or Persons by him appointed, if he or they will be present at the Search and Trial thereof, or if he or they will not be present, having reasonable Notice, then in his or their Absence, be found to be of less Length than the Seal or Seals thereon fixed at the Time of the Sale thereof do purport; them the Owner, or Person or Persons selling the same, shall forfeit and lose to the Merchant, Draper, or other Person or Persons that shall have bought the same, for so much as shall be wanting of the Length specified in the Seal or Seals of the said Cloth, after the Rate of fix' Shillings eight pence for every Yard over and besides the true Value of so much of the said Cloth or Clothes, as shall die found wanting of the Length certified by the said Seal or Seals, and no more; any former Law cr Statute, inflicting other or greater Penalty, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI

A.D. 1606. Anno quarto Jacobx 1. C 2. 67

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every A Repeal of ail Branch, Clause and Sentence in any former Statute, whereby any other Length, Breadth or Weight, =on(rafystatutes of the Clothes before mentioned or any of them; or any other Penalty or forfeiture concerning the l°ng'bread'h Length, Breadth or Weight of the aforesaid Clothes or any of them, or any other Offence by this Weight of Ad: intended to be reformed, is limited, or whereby any Penalty or Forfeiture for the Offences in this, jr For" Bill mentioned, or any of them, are given to any other Person or Persons than in and by this Statute is

limited and intended, shall be from henceforth utterly repealed and made void.

XXII. And be it further enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That none of the Clothes cloth torched aforesaid, which by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm ought to be sealed, of what Name, Nature or

Quality i'oever they be of, being sealed by the Overseers authorised as well by the Statute made in the searched, tried nine, and thirtieth Year of the Reign of our said late Sovereign Lady; Queen Elizabeth, intituled, orwateredagain,

An Act again! the deceitful Stretching and Tentring of Northern Cloth, ', as also by a Statute made Buyer

in the three and fortieth Year of her laid Reign, intituled, 'An Act for the true Working and Making 39eiil'c.zo.

' of Woollen Cloth, 'shall be searched, tried or watered "by any other Peri ori Or Persons 43 E', z C i whatsoever, but only by the Merchant or Draper, or other Person to whom the same shall be sold:

(z) And that if any Woollen Cloth, upon the Search by the Searchers or Overseers of the Cities, C isi rest.' Counties, Towns or Places where die Clorii is made, shall be found either to exceed the Length or to Where the want of the Weight by this Statute limited, the said Searchers, or Overseers finding and certifying the Searchers or said Overlength and the Weight that shall want, or such of them wherein the Offence shall happen to Overseers shall have been committed, by his or their Seal or Seals, 'shall have die one Moiety of all such Penalties and Fbr fit the^for' feitures, as by this Statute are given, limited and appointed, for Excels of Length or Want of Weight, feituies. and no other Person or Persons: (3) And shall and may sue for and recover the same by action or Debt, Bill, Plaint or Infonnation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and our.sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have the other Moiety.

XXIII. And alto if any Woollen Cloth or Clothes, of any the Natures, Names or Makings aforesaid. The Forfeiture shall after such Search in the Country or other Place aforesaid, be found to be faulty in anything not ces nd not tilled, and appearing by the Seal or Seals of the said Overseers and Searchers, by the Merchant or Draper, so certified by or other Person or Persons buying the same, upon due and convenient Trial within convenient Time after the overseer. the Sale thereof, in Presence of the Party that sold the same, or of other Person or Persons by him or them

to be appointed, if he or they will be present at the Search and Trial thereof, or if he or they will not be present, having reasonable Notice given, then in his or their Absence; the said Merchant or Draper, or other Person that bought the same, and no other, shall have the one Moiety of all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Statute imposed and incurred, and not become due to the Overseers and Searchers aforesaid, to his own only proper Use and Behoof j any former Statute, Matter or Thing, whatsoever to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding; (2) and also shall or may sue for and recover the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmitifler, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall have the other Moiety.

XXIV. And forasmuch as of late it hath been reputed. That a Broad Woollen Cloth Should and Duties and Pay ' ought to consist of four and twenty such Yards and Inches as aforesaid, and not above, and Payments Woollen and other Duties have been accordingly demanded and paid for the same Be it therefore enacted by cloth, the Authority aforesaid, That if, any Broad Woollen Cloth be made longer or shorter than four and twenty such laid Yards and Inches, all Duties and Payments hereafter to be paid for the same, shall be demanded and made proportionable, according to the Rate and Proportion of four and twenty such said Yards and Inches for a whole Cloth, and not otherwise

' And whereas by this and diverse other Statutes concerning Drapery and Clothing, it is enacted, s ed c. 6.

That all and every Broad Cloth and Clothes, which shall be made in Kent and Suffix, or at the Town of J5 l>h*

' Reading, or elsewhere of like Making, shall be of a certain Length, Breadth and Weight, in this or*5'

£ other the said Statutes expressed and limited, and in like Sort for Woollen Clothes moult usually made in

' some other counties or Towns, are lirll specially and particularly named, in this and other the said Sta

' tutes, and after follow these Words (or elsewhere of like Making) importing. That it Should be lawful for any Clothier, of whatsoever Town or County within this Realm, to make Cloth of like Making,

' and accordingly the same hath heretofore been put in Ure: Yet forasmuch as of late same Doubt hath

' thereupon risen, 'Be It therefore explained and enacted, That it is and shall be lawful for every Clothier, Every clothier

of what Town or County soever within this Realm, where Clothing hath, heretofore been uied, to make kmdofwoolfen

or cause to be made any true Woollen Cloth, ofwhatname, Nature or Manner of making soever the lime cloth.

be, albeit the same Kind of Woollen Cloth do bear specially the Name of some other County, City or

Town within this Realm. This Act to continue until the End of the liril Session of the nekt Parha thecontmn )nen)., ., ance of this att.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act, nor fcny thekl«j$ Do thing therein contained, shall extend to abridge or diminish any Curtains' or Duties appertaining fbfour Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, His heirs or Successors, or to any Ins Officers or ivrinifters, fof the ceri ie trvl a Searching, Measuring or Sealing any the Clothes beforementioned, nor to hurt or prejudice the lawful Fees due or belonging to his Majesty's Aulneger, or to hurt or prejudice the lawful Use and Exercise of the Office of Aulneger; so as after any Cloth once lawfully searched and lawfully sealed, the same bd not com Cloth once law. pelled to be further viewed, searched, measured or sealed. [Continued by 3 Car. i. C 4. and farther cori ^/f/sed '(fail tmued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.] ' ', r.01 be fcfrched

, .: 'i; { or sealed ag'h.

ranker prcruifcns concerning (loth, 7 Jac. I. C 16. aijfac. I. C 18 & 28. lz Car. 2. C 112. 22^23 Car, 2. cs, II 12 IF. 3. C 2o. 6 Ann. C d & <3

jann. c. 13. 10 Ann. r 16. L CCC 1* C 15 (i n 1, f. 24, 7 Geo. 'k. C 25. u Geo. 1. c.zt. and ja Geor2* C 3.5,

68 C 3^ 4. Anno quarto Jacobi I. A.D. 1606.

CAP. III.

{. r

An Act to give Costs to the Defendant upon a Nonsuit of the Plaintiff, or Verdict against him.

WHEREAS in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth of famous cases wherein Memory, a good and profitable Law was made, whereby it was enacted, That in Cases where by the statute the Plaintiff in any Action, Bill or Plaint of Debt, Trespass upon the Case, Detinue, Account, and in m3de*h hns'*onle other Actions therein especially mentioned, should become nonsuit, or a Verdict should be had fondant than aga>nft the said Plaintiff 3 that then in such Cases the Defendant should have Judgement to recover his recoverhis costs. ' Costs against every such Plaintiff, as by the said Law appeareth: (2) Which Law hath been found to be Hetley 146. C very good and beneficial for the Commonwealth', and thereby many have been discouraged from bringing frivolous and unjust Suits, because such Parties are to make Recompense to the Parties unjustly vexed, for the said unjust Vexations.'

Buirtr' llv ' U And forasmuch as Actions of Trespass, and Actions of ejerione jinnee, and many other Actions 3 Buiflr*. 248* .* Real and Personal, are within the same Mischief, as the said other Actions were at the common-law,

sevrrai caffs and yet were omitted out of the Provision of the said Law) For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted fendant maipre f King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this precover his Costs sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons at any Time against the plain after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall commence or sue in any Court of Record, or in 8 Eiiz C*any other Court, any Action, Bill or Plaint of Trespass, or ejerione jirmee, or any other Action whatso L Roiiyj, 87, ever, wherein the Plaintiff or Demandant might have Costs (if in case Judgement should be given for him) 213- and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Demandant or Demandants, in any such Action, Bill or Plaint, after Ap

Huts pearance of the Defendant or Defendants, be nonsuited, or that any Verdict happen to pass by any lawful

March 24. ' Trial against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Demandant or Demandants, in any such Action, Bill or Plaint, Cro. Jac. 229. that then the Defendant and Defendants, in every such Action, Bill or Plaint, shall have Judgement to CIV Car. 29.'recover his Costs against every such Plaintiff and Plaintiffs, Demandant and Demandants, (3.) to be assessed,

taxed and levied in Manner and Form as Costs in the said recited Actions are to be assessed, taxed3 H. 8. C 15. and levied in and by the said Law of the three and twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth. Coke Ent. 29.

In what Cases Cop arcgtwn, see farther 7 Jac. T. f. 5. 21 Jac. I. C 16. 16 Car. I. f. j5, 13 Car, 2. St. 2. C 2.. 23 Car. 2. C g.fctf. 136. 4 £? 5 W. £? M. r. 2.2*

8 IV 3. C 11, 11 & 12 TV, 3. C 9. e, arne, 16. and 14 Geo. 2. c. 17.

CAP. IV.

An Act to restrain the Utterance of Beer and Ale to alehouse keepers and Tiplers not licensed

in^h^case'25'*VT'Q R the better Repressing of Alehouses, whereof the Multitudes and Abuses have been and are only Ale or Beer ' i? found intolerable, and still do and are like to increase(2) Be it enacted by the King's most excel inaybefoidtoan lent Majesty, and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament af noli ^61 Rnabled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons by himself, or by any other Ways cencef or Means, directly or indirectly, shall at any Time after three Months next after the End of this present

The Abuses of Session of Parliament, fell, utter or deliver, or cause to be sold, uttered or delivered, any Beer or Ale, to ierable^65 int" any Person or Persons, or into the House or Cellar of any Person or Persons that then shall sell or utter None mall sell Beer or Ale as a common Tipler or alehouse keeper, the same Person not having any Licence then in Ale °] h °ey to ^orce to Ale or Beer, other than for the convenient Use and Expense of his, her or their Household keeper not hav only i. f 3) upon Pain to forfeit for every Barrel sold, uttered or delivered contrary to the Form and true ing Licence, Meaning of this Act, the Sum of six Shillings eight pence, andfo after that Rate for a greater or letter but for the Ex Quantity, pence of his

Household. 1 Haw. P. C C 78.

couits

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Oft'encesto be done or committed contrary

fifovefcitmall beto the true Meaning of this Act, and all Penalties aforesaid, shall be inquired of, sued for, heard and de heard and deter termined in the Sessions of the Peace for the County, City or Borough, Town or Liberty, or in the Court mined. of Record of the City, Borough, Town or Liberty, wherein such Offence shall be committed, by Action

of Debt, Information, Indictment or Preferment, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall Who shall have be allowed to the Defendant: (2) And the one Half of all which Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the th Forfeitures. poor People inhabiting within the City, Borough, Hundred, Town or Liberty, where such Offences shall be committed from Time to Time, and the other Half thereof to him or them that will sue for the same.

Tfh he fr r, Half

III. And to the End that the said one Half of the said Forfeitures above limited to be to the Use of the sures^ali be Rid poor People, may be truly employed and bellowed upon them, according to the true Meaning of this delivered to the Act: (z) Be it further enacted, That the Sheriff, Bailiff or other Officer or Person that shall levy or re ovwfeers, ceive any Sum or Sums of Money forfeited and recovered according to the true Meaning of this Act, shall and may by Virtue of this Act, without further Warrant, deliver the one Half of the same Sum and Sums of Money, by.him or them so levied and received, to some one or more of the Churchwardens and over seers oftne Poor of the same Parish where the same Offence shall be committed, to be by them and every of them distributed and bellowed amongst the said poor People, according to the true Meaning of this Act, who shall likewise have Authority by Virtue of this Act to distribute and bestow the same accordingly.

A.D. 1606. Anno quarto Jacobi I. C. 5. 69

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff, Bailiff and other Officer and Person which shall lethe Officer pay vy or receive any such Forfeiture or Forfeitures aforesaid, and shall pay over the Moiety and one Half thereof, according to the true Meaning of this Act, shall be thereof discharged against the King's Majesty, than be dir*' his Heirs and Successors. charged thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff, Bailiff or other Officer or Person shall refuse to pay The Penalty for over the Moiety and one Half of the said Money by him or them levied or received, or that the said Church "he mo^evre"8 wardens and Overseers, to whom the said Money shall be so paid, shall not from Time to lime, within cefvedto the" convenient Time, truly distribute and bestow the same to and amongst the poor People according to the poor true Meaning of this Act, That then every Person so offending shall forfeit double the Value thereof, to 'Far, ^crf[rm'fmi be recovered andimployed as aforesaid. % "7jcc.\oi

11 Jac. 1. r. 7. t car.l.c. 4. t6ga>. i, C 31, Geo. i. c. 12.

CAP. V.

An Act for rep re Hi ng the odious and loathfom Sin of Drunkenness.

WHEREAS the loathfom and odious Sin of Drunkenness is of late grown into common Use within The Penalty of this Realm, being die Root and Foundation of many other enormous Sins, as Bloodshed, Stab a/?l.unkard> ard bing, Murder, Swearing, Fornication, Adultery, and suchlike, to the great Dishonour of God, and tinae^dunk^ng ' of our Nation, the Overthrow of many good Arts and manual Trades, the Disabling of diverse Work in an Aiehoure,

' men, and the general Impoverishing of many good Subjects, abusively wafting the good Creatures 'he

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal rnttyhe'c'ufcnoi and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every* Enormia Person or Persons, which after forty Days next following the End of this present Session of Parliament, Walk. 4;. shall be drunk, and of the same Offence, of Drunkenness shall be lawfully convicted, shall for every such

Offence forfeit and lose five Shillings of lawful Money of Eimand, to be paid within one Week next after The Forfeiture his, her or their Conviction thereof, to the Hands of the Churchwardens of that Parish where the Offence ofll, rr "lat.* be committed, who shall be accountable therefore to the Use of the Poor of the same Parish: And Drunkenness. if the said Person or Persons so convicted, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Forfeiture as aforesaid, then 7 Jac. ic. 10. the same shall be from Time to Time levied of the Goods of every such Person or Persons so refilling or The penalty for' neglecting to pay the same, by Warrant or Precept from the same Court, Judge or Justices, before whom no table o pay S the same conviction shall be: (3} And if the Offender or Offenders be not able to pay the said Sum of therforfeiture, five Shillings, then the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Stocks for every Offence, there to remain by the Space of six Hours.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid', That if any Constable, or any other inferior The Forfeiture' Officer of that Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, to whom that shall be given in oic '"thtdoth* Charge by the Precept of any Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, or Justices of the Peace within their neglea todo his several Limits, do neglect the due Correction of the said Offender, or the due Levying of the said Penal Day.

ties, where Distress may be had; Then every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings of t

current Money of England, to the Use of the Poor of the same Parish or Place where the Offence shall be n'*'9'

committed, to be levied by way of Distress, by any other Person or Persons having Warrant from any

Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Justices of Peace, or Court, where any such Conviction shall be,

and to be paid to the Churchwardens as before limited, who are also to account for the same to the Use.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within this The Penalty for Realm of England, or the Dominion of Wales, shall remain or continue drinking or tipling in any dri"k?nhnan Inn, victualling house or Alehouse, being in the same City, Town, Village or Hamlet, wherein the Alehouse, C Person or Persons (so remaining drinking or tipling) doth dwell and inhabit at the Time of such 7 Jac «<=. 10. Diinking and Tipling; and the same being viewed and seen by any Mayor or other Head Officer;

Justice or Justices of Peace within their several Limits, or duly proved in such Manner and Form as hereto, 1 Can 1. is limited in and by one Act of Parliament made in the first Session of this present Parliament, intituled, C 4 an Act to restrain the inordinate Haunting and Tipling in Inns, Alehouses and other vidtudling hcufes, unless it. C C'in such Case or Cases as be tolerated or excepted in the said Act; That then every Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence, the Sum of three Shillings and fourpence of current Money of England, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Offence shall be committed, to be levied by way of Distress, in such Manner and Form as is before appointed by this Act, for the levying of the Penalty of five Shillings for being drunk: (2) And if it happen that any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent of this Clause or Branch, being thereof lawfully convicted, he not able to pay the said Forfeiture or Forfeitures; Then it shall and may be lawful for any Mayor,

Bailiff or other Head Officer, Justice or Justices of Peace, or Court, where any such Conviction shall be, to punish tyre said Offender or Offenders by setting him, her or them in the Stocks for every such Offence, by the Space of four Years.

V For the more due Execution of this Statute, and for the better and more due Proceeding againstwtat era. such Offenders, all Offences of Drunkenness, and of Excess and vmmeafurable Drinking, abe itpu^meie further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all the Offences in this Act, and in Offences com the said former Act mentioned, shall be from Time to Time diligently inquired of and presented asj inl*lj before the Justices of Assizes in their Circuit, Justices of the Peace in their Quarter or Ordinary Sef ths sututelf

fons, i Ja, 1. C j.

7p G. 6. Anno quarto Jacobi I. A.D. 1606.

lions, and before the Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officers of every City or Town Corporate, who have Power to inquire of Trafpasses, Riots, Routs, Forces and suchlike Offences, and in every Court leet, and thereupon such due Proceedings shall be against the Offender and Offenders for their due Conviction in that Behalf, as in suchlike Cases upon any Indictment or Presentment is used by the Laws of the Realm, or Customs of the City, Town or Place where such Presentment or Indictment shall be inquired of and found.

He that is the

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person' or Persons, being feeond Time once lawfully convicted of the said Offence of Drunkenness, shall after that be again lawfully con

Bruntarlnsft victed of the like Offence of Drunkenness, That then every Person and Persons so secondly convicted of

ilia!) be bound the said offehge of Drunkenness, shall be bounden with two Sureties to our Sovereign Lord the King's w iiis.gcod Be Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in one Recognisance or Obligation of ten Pounds, with Condition haviotir. tq fi.orn thenceforth of Good Behaviour.

What Officers' VII Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Constables, Churchwardens, Headbo offenc«tfore! roughs, Tithingmen, Aleconners and Sidemen, shall in their several Oaths incident to their several of said be charged in like Sort to present the Offences contrary to this Statute.

Enlarged by II

VIII. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, do not in any wise abridge No Restraint of or restrain the Ecclesiastical Power or Jurisdiction, but that all Ordinaries, and other Ecclesiastical Judges Eccieiiaftica) ju and Officers, shall and may proceed to inquire of, censure and punish all such Offenders according to

rifdiftions. the Ecclesiastical Laws of this Realm, in such Manner and Form as before they lawfully might do; anything

in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

There shall be

IX. Provided also, That when any of the Offenders against the true Intent of this Actor any Branch ^cntfo^ne111" or Article thereof, hath been once punished or corrected for iiis or her Offence, by any the yvays and Offence! northeast Means before limited; that then the said Offender shall not be eftfoons punished or corrected for the same Offence by any other Ways or Means.

The Liberties sf X Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not be prejudicial to either the Universities of the two Universities of this Laud, but that the Chancellors, Masters and Scholars, and the Successors iudicsd0t be pre" them and either of them, may as fully use and enjoy all their Jurisdictions, Rights, Privileges and Charters, as heretofore they have or might have done; any Tiring in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Within what

XI. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be punished, impeached or moiefted for any rridehhajtbe Offence mentioned in this Statute, unless he shall be for the some Offence presented, indicted or con presented. victed within six Months after such Offence comitted: (z) This Act to continue until the End of the thecontimi first Session of the next Parliament. [Made perpetual by 21 Jac. 1. C 7. but see 21 Jac. 1. C 28. whichsnthtkefermfs onr continues it to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament. Enforced as perpetual by to the jortgohg I Cat. I, C 4.]

Chapter,

CAP. VI.

An Act for repealing of so much of one Branch of a Statute made in the firfb Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather, as concerneth the Sealing of Sheepskins, and to avoid Selling of tanned Leather by Weight.

The intent of tljiiereas by the same Statute it plainly appeared), That the Intent and Meaning thereof was 1 to make void all former Statutes made concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other

ayh.'s! c.'ij.' ' Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather, and to comprehend in one Statute all Things mentioned 5m5sd'6'c'r?'* in the same former Laws needful to be enacted concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and other 5 eiiz.'cfza'0'8, Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather: (2) And for that in diverse Blanches of the said late Sta s Elide! 14! f tute touching the Sealing of Leather, amongst many other Kinds of tanned Leather therein parti 9- ' c'ulafly named"to be sealed, a Rate is set down to be paid for Sealing of Sheepskins, as if Sheep

have not been Skins had been by the Intent of the former Laws usually feaied; whereas in Truth Sheepskins are appoimedby not" meet to be sealed, nor were at any Time appointed or limited by any former Law to be sealed, any Law to be because the Sealing of them is a fruitless Charge, tending to the great Hurt and Loss of many thousand poor Men, and for the good of none, but only for the Gain of the Sealer thereof: '

II. For Reformation whereof, Be it enadlec by our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and by t' e Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the autho the e shall be rity of the same. That no Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter incur any Penalty, Loss or for no Penalty for foiture, for housing, selling or buying of any tanned Sheepskins unsearched or unsealed, so as the said omeliing s'bcep Sheepskins unsearched and unsealed shall he wrought and converted into made Wares within this Skins unsealed. Realm of England; anything in the said Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

C C M. 1

III. And where since the making of the said Statute, his Majesty's Subjects have been much deceived No tanned' Lea C and abused, by selling of tanned Leather by Weight, the said Leather being neither sufficiently tanned, there ffiallbe fold nor thoroughly dried as it ought to be, and before Time was wont to be. (2) Be it therefore further 1 e, Sn enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall utter or sell, or cause to be uttered or sold, by Weight, any Kind of tanned Leather what see 1 w. & M. soever, (3) upon Pain of Forfeiture of tyre said Leather so uttered and sold; the said Leather or the Value fedt'a c'33- thereof, to be recovered in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint

or

A.D. 1606. Anno quarto Jacobi I. C. 7 — 9. 71

or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, E fib in or Protection shall lie or be allowed; the one Mo'ety ftuiierprmifmt of the said Forfeiture to be unto the King our Sovereign Lord, his Heirs and Successors, and the other\', sn(tr.t.c7 Moiety unto such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same. fy. V

C 33*9 Ann. C 6. je£i. 4. M Ann. St. C 9. 3 Geo. I. C 4, 3 Geo. 1. c. 1. and 12 Geo. 1. c. 23.

CAP. VII.

An act for the founding and incorporating of a Free Grammar school in the Town of Northleech inpr.

the County of Gloucester.

CAP. VIII.

An act touching the drowned Marshes of Lefnes and Fants in the County of Kent. 23 El. C 13. maifl.es,

27 El. C 27.

CAP. IX.

i

An Act to explain a former Act made in the last Session of this Parliament, intituled, An Act

to enable all his Majestfs loving Subjects of England and Wales to Trade freely into the Dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

WHEREAS it pleased our late Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth of famous Memory, by her^corporation Highness Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the seventeenth Day of framed by June in the second Year of her Highness Reign, (in Consideration of the good, true and faithful Obe Queer. Elizabeth' C dience and Service done by the Mayor and principal Citizens of the City of Exeter, as well in the cham" of Exec Time of King Henry the Seventh as of King Edward the Sixth, again! diverse Treasons and Rebel ter, iiuii con lions moved and stirred in those Days, as also for the taking away, abolishing and amoving of many tinue of Force and sundry Absurdities and Inconveniences which within the said City and County did increase, by rca the stanite'of16 ' son of the excessive Number of Artificers, and other inexpert, ignorant and unworthy Men, which did 3 Jac. r. C

take upon them to use the Art, Science and Mystery of Merchandise and Traffic of Merchant Wares,

' to the great Detriment of the Commonwealth of this Realm of England, and to the manifest Impo verhhment of the said City) to incorporate certain Merchants therein named, and their Successors,

q(being Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City and County) and to give and grant unto them the per

Name of the Governor, Consuls, and Society of the Merchant adventurers of the City and County of Exeter, trafficking the Realm of France and the Dominions of the French King; (2) which said Incorporation or Company of Merchants are found to be of great Use, Honour and Service to the State in general, as well in the Advancement of his Majesty's Customs, as also for that the said In

for the Space of forty and five Years have relieved twelve poor Men with Gowns, Money

and other Necessaries, to their great Comfort, and do dill yearly so apparel and comfort them, and by

' their said Charter they are bound to continue and keep the same for ever: (3) And likewise they have The several B ' and do not only charitably from Time to Time setup sundry young Merchants with the Loan of Mo nefits done t y ' ney at their first Entrance into the Trade, but also have raised, and also do raise diverse ancient Mer

who by loltes at the Sea have been decayed, by Means whereof they have proved afterwards commonwealth, C profitable both to the King in Customs and other Payments, and good Members to the Common

of the said City:

II. And for that many particular Merchants of the said Corporation, have in the Time of Dearth and Scarcity of Corn, adventured great Sums of Money out of their own private Stocks for Corn into

foreign Kingdoms, for the Relief of the Poor, as well of the said City, as of the County of Devon, to

whom they have sold the same Corn in Time of great Dearth and Necessity sometimes for two Shillings sixpence, three Shillings, and three Shillings tour Pence less in every Bushel, than the Prices In ' the Markets have then been

III. And further, for that sundry Members of the said Incorporation have by their Wills and Telia The Society ments given diverse Sums of Money to the said Company to good Uses, which mtift return to their comfortable to Executors, if this Company be dissolved, as also for that the said Society hath from the Beginning thereof hurtfi:

' been ever found comfortable to all, and offensive to none: (2) Therefore whereas in the last Session thtsfatute of '.of Parliament held at Westminster in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, one general at was .3 jac. 1. C

' made, intituled, An Act to enable all his Majesty's loving Subjects of England and Wales, to Trade freely "the dbntvir' 1 ' into the Dominions of Spain, Portugal and France: The general Words of which A, <£1 may be objected of the raid Com --

and urged, to extend to the annihilating and dissolving of the said particular Charter and Company, fany.

' contrary to the Meaning of this High Court of Parliament, and the Intent of the Makers of that.

Law, as is conceived by the Opinion of sundry learned in the Laws: 'May it therefore please your; most excellent Majesty, with the aitent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, that it may be enacted, explained and declared, (3) and be it enacted, tee statute of explained and declared, by the Authority of the same, That the said general Law lb made as aforesaid, p^she/doth nor neither doth nor shall diffjlve, annihilate or impeach the said Charter, or the said Company, in any their rhsii impeach Privileges, Liberties or Immunities granted unto them by the said Charter; anything in the foresaid, le Liberties general Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.'° Queen Eiiza

, beth schaiteri>r.

rr.

PR.

PR.,

Where an eng lilliman (hill have his Trial that committeth

C IO — — Anno quarto Jacobi I. A.D. 1606.

CAP. X

An Act for Confirmation of some Part of a Charter granted by King Henry the Sixth to the Mayor, Bailiffs ard Burgesses of the Town of Southampton, and for the Relief of the said Town, ^Certain Liberties granted by King Henry 6. to the Mayor, (sc. of Southampton confirmed. A Restraint of all Merchants not being Free of Southampton to buy or fell within the Town. A Confirmation of so much of the Charter of King Henry 6. as doth restrain Strangers to buy or fell in Southampton. None, not being Free of the said Town, mall buy or fell to another not being Free. What Commodities, and for what Purposes may be bought by any Person. Buying and Selling in Fairs, or on shipboard, The Barons and Freemen of the Cinque Ports excepted.

PR.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better Provision of Meadow and Failure for necessary Maintenance of Husbandry and Tillage in the Manors, Lordships and Pari fires, of Marden, alias Mawarden, Bodenham, Wellington, Sutton St. Michael, Sutton St. Nicholas, Murton upon Lug, and the Parish of Pipe, and every of them in the County of Hereford. The Owners and Farmers of Lands in certain Manors in the County of Hereford, may incloselome Part thereof. The different Husbandry of the said Manors from other Parts of the Realm. Every Owner and Farmer within the Manors aforesaid, may enclose a third Part of his Lands, C This at shall not extend to a Wafie or common Ground. A Provision where one Person is Owner of the first Crop, and others of the later Mowth, The Act doth not give a lawful Title to the Possessor. of any Land where he had none before. None shall be hindered of his lawful Way. Every Person that doth enclose, shall be abated of his Common proportionably. They who do enclose, may be' (tinted of their Common by the Residue of the Commoners. The Forfeiture of him who keepeth more Cattle than is limited by his Stint. The Offences of Surcharge of Common, shall be inquired of and punished in Leets and Courts Baron. A Provision where Land enclosed is difmembred from the Tenements wherewith it was occupied. A Provision for the continuing of certain Grounds enclosed one Time of the Year, as they have been. The Lfage of Lug meadow shall not be altered.

CAP. XII.

An Act for Explanation of a Statute made in the third Year of the Reign of King fames, intituled, An Act for the bringing in of a fresh Stream of Running Water to the North Parts of the City of London. An act for the bringing of a New River to the North Parts of the City of London, according to a former Statute, made 3 Jac. 1. C 18. The Mayor, V of London may erect a Trunk or Vault in the Earth, to convey the Water from chadwel&'c. to London. The Mayor, Y. of London may from Time to Time maintain the said Trunk or Vault.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Draining of certain Fens and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, subject to Hurt by surrounding, containing about six thousand Acres, compassed about with certain Banks commonly called and named the Ring of Waldersey and Cooldkam. The Undertakers shall have for the Inning and Maintaining of the Grounds surrounded, two Parts thereof. Of whom the two Parts shall be held. The two Parts shall be discharged of Tithes during seven Years. A Provision for the Owners, if the Grounds drained shall be again surrounded. The Undertakers shall not drain through other's Grounds otherwise than they may do by the Law,

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Anglic Scotia Francis, & hiber niar, viz. Anglis, Francis & Hiberuis septimo, & Scot is quadragesimo tertio.

AT the fourth Session of Parliament begun and held by Prorogation at Wefmlnfer the ninth Day, of February 1609. in the seventh Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord fames,

by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C anil of'4 Scotland the three and fortieth: And there continued until the three and twentieth Day of fitly: (And then prorogued until the sixteenth Day of October next following, 1610.) To the high Pleasure of AI mighty God, and to the Weal public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for the better Execution of Justice, and suppressing of criminal Offenders in the"

"Parts of the Kingdom of England.

WHEREAS in a Statute made in the third Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act

' 'W for the utter Abolition of all Memory of htfli/ity, and the Dependencies thereof, between England and Scotland, and for the reprejjing of Occasions of Discords and dis orders in Time to come, it was" amongst

' other

A.D. 1609. Anno feptiino Jacobi. I. C 2. 73

other Things enabled, That no natural born Subject of the Realm of England, or the Dominions of Felony in Scot the same, mould, for any High Treason, Misprision or Concealment of High Treason, Petty Treason, u

' or any other whatsoever Offence or Cause committed within Scotland, be sent out of England where he4j ' is apprehended, to receive his Trial, until such Time as both Realms should be made one in Laws

and Government, which is the Thing so much desired, as that wherein the full Perfection of the blessed' '

already begun in his Majesty's Royal Person consisteth.

' II Since the Making of which Statute, although those Parts of the Kingdom of England, adjoining

and lying near unto the Realm and Kingdom of Scotland, have been and are by his Majesty's in ceffant Care and Princely Policy, reduced to more civil and peaceable Estate than could in short

have been expedited or hoped for: (2) Yet Experience teacheth, that Malefactors of either Realm having committed their Offences in the other Realm, do forthwith fly and escape into their own Country, thereby to purchase their Impunity, to the great and manifest Grievance of the one Realm, and the Dishonour of the other: By Means whereof very many great and heinous Offences since the Making of the said Statute have been and are still likely to be committed without con dign Punishment; (3) for that since the Making of the said Statute, there hath not been any one Offender committing any the Offences aforesaid in Scotland, that hath been prosecuted to his Trial,

' Judgement or Execution in England, by Reason or upon any the Branches, Laws or Ordinances in the said Statute mentioned or contained: (4) Whereby it manifestly appeareth, that the said Clause in the said Statute contained, and before in this present Act expressly mentioned, concerning the

not Sending out of England any natural born Subject of this Realm or the Dominions of the same,

' for any whatsoever Offence committed within the Realm of Scotland, to receive his Trial for any 1 the said Offences, hath not brought forth that good Effect as was hoped for, and by the said Law < intended, to the great Prejudice and Difhcnour of both Realms: '

III. For the Preventing of which apparent and too manifest Mischief and Inconvenience, Be it en if an english abted, and by the Authority of this present Parliament established. That if at any Time or Times man shall com after the End of this present Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons shall commit any Offence Scotland"and or Offences within the Realm of Scotland, which by the Laws of this Realm of England is, are or shall then fly into be declared or adjudged to be Petty Treason, Murder, Manslaughter, felonious Burning of Houses and ?n'j!and the Corn, Burglary, Robbing of Houses by Day, Robbery, Theft or Rape, and do or shall fly or escape ind theof V into the Realm of England, and he or shall be apprehended within any the Counties of Northumber fender into land, Cumberland, Westmorland, or any Parts or Members of the same, or within the Parts or Places scq'!; nd to b. c. lying on the north side of the River of Tine, commonly called or known by the Names of B'edlin the tonflnrc, Nofhamshire and islandshire, the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tine, and the Town of

Berwick upon Tweed, with the Bounds and Liberties thereof; That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of Assize, or any one of them in the Absence of the other, the Justices of gaol delivery at their gaol delivery, or any four of them, or the Justices of Peace in their General or Quarter sessions, or any four of them, upon due and mature Examination of the said Offence or Offences in open Sessions, and pregnant Proofs of the same, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to demand and send all and every such Offender and Offenders into the Realm of Scotland, there to receive their Trial for any the Offences aforesaid by them there committed; anything in the said Statute contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. This Law to continue to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.'contir.uancs of

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Statute, nor any

Clause therein contained, shall take Effect or be in Force, or in any wise be deemed or expounded to hvm, deinscot take Eflebt, to any Intent, Construction or Purpose, until a Law by Act of Parliament be made and land, established with the Realm of Scotland, for the Remanding and Sending out of the Realm of Scotland into the Realm of England, all and every Person and Persons born within the Realm of Scotland, or the Dominions of the same, which shall at any Time hereafter commit any the Offences' aforesaid within the Realm of England, to receive his or their Trial in the Realm of England, for; all and every the said Offences by them committed in the said Realm of England.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.]

CAP. II '*

An Act that all such as are to be naturalised, or restored in Blood, shall first receive the

Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy.

TV Forasmuch as the Naturalising of Strangers, and restoring to Blood Persons attainted, have been What they shall ' V ever reputed Matters of mere Grace and Favour, Which are not fit to be bellowed upon any ba boijnd "nto

' others than such as are of the Religion now established in this Realm; '(2) Be it therefore enacted ^r°iizjd nae' by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this stored in Blood, present Parliament assembled. That no Person or Persons of what Quality, Condition or Place soever, being of the Age of eighteen Years or above, shall be naturalised or restored in Blood, unless the said Person or Persons have received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper within one Month next before any Bill exhibited for that Purpose, and also shall take the Oath of Supremacy, and the Oath of All j

giance, in the Parliament house, before his or her Bill be twice read; (3) And for the better Effecting of the Premises, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid - Lord Chanseller of En '

or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being, if. the Bill begin in the Upper House, and '

the Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament for the Time being, if the Bill begin there, shall Vol. III L have

G.

3-

Anno septimo Jacobi I.

A.D. 1609.

have Authority at all Times during the Session of Parliament, to minister such Oath and Oaths, and take place. such Person and Persons, as by the true Intent of this Statute is to be ministred. This Act to take farther pr&vi'cr.s Place from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament.

relating hereto,

11 iz W. 3. C 6. 7 Ann. C 5. 1 Geo. 1. c. 4. 4 Geo. 2. c. 21, 13 Geo. 2. c. 7. 20 Geo. 2. c. 44. 22 Geo. 2. c. 45. and 25 Geo. 2. f. 39*

CAP. III.

An act for the Continuing and better Maintenance of Husbandry and other manual Occupations, by the true Employment of Moneys given and to be given for the Binding out of Apprentices.

How Money given for Binding of poor Children to Occupations shall be bestowed.

How Money given for the Binding out of poor Children

forasmuch as the true Labour and Exercise of Husbandry, and the Bringing up of Apprentices of both Sexes in Trades and manuai Occupations, are Things very profitable in the Commonwealth, and acceptable and pleasing unto Almighty God, there being already great Sums of Money freely given, and more in Time to come like to be given, by diverse well disposed Persons, unto the Corporations of diverse Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and unto diverse Persons in sundry Towns not Corporate, and Parishes within this Realm of England, to be continually employed in the Binding out as Apprentices, of a great Number of the poorell Sort of Children unto needful Trades and Occupations; the Experience whereof hath brought forth very great Profit and Commodity unto those Cities, Towns and Parishes where any Parts of the said Moneys have been so given and employed, and sono Doubt there will consequently ensue thereof the exceeding good of the Commonwealth in general: (2) And for that the moult Part of the poorer Sorts of Children, would (as heretofore) without such good Care and Assistance be brought up in Idleness, and disordered Kinds of Life, to their utter Overthrow, and to the great Prejudice of the whole Commonwealth: (3) And for that it is very likely that many other well disposed People will be the better encouraged, willingly to follow' the like good Example in bellowing also good Sums of Moneys to the same good and godly Purposes, if it might be so provided that such Moneys as have been already' so freely given, or as hereafter shall be given, for the Binding out of such poor Children Apprentices, may continually hereafter remain, and be wholly employed accordingly

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Sums of Money so freely given at any Time within three Years lait pall, or hereafter to be given by bepemeiiocedmadan^ person or Persons, to be continually employed for the Binding out of Apprentices as aforesaid, shall byevxm.e, and for ever from henceforth continue and be from Time to Timeufed and employed to such Uses, Intents and Purposes only, and by such Persons, and in such Manner and Form as shall be hereafter by this present Act specified and declared, except the same have been or shall be otherwise ordered or disposed by the Givers thereof; That is to say, (2) That all Corporations of all Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate, by what Name or names soever they shall be known or incorporated, and in Towns and Parishes not incorporate, the Parson or Vicar of every such Town or Parish, together with the Constable or Constables, the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Collectors, and the Overseers for the Poor for the Time being, or the moult Part of them, where any such Sum or Sums of Money are already given, or shall be hereafter given, to be so employed, shall from Time to Time within the said several Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Parishes respectively, have the Nomination and Placing of such Apprentices, and the Guiding and Employment of all such Moneys as have been heretofore so given, or which hereafter shall be given, to and for the continual Binding forth of such and so many Apprentices, and in such Sort as is already, or shall hereafter be so given and appointed, either by the last Will and te stament, or by any Writing or Writings under the Hands and Seals of any Person or Persons which hath The Forfeiture alrea(ty, or hereafter sit all so give any Sum or Sums of Moneys unto the good and godly Purposes and in of those who of tents aforesaid: And if the Corporation of any such Cities, Boroughs or Towns Corporate, by what Duty ought, and Name or Names soever they shall be called or incorporated, or any the Person or Persons in the other empitoy the^mo Towns and Parishes abovementioned, appointed by this act to have continually the Guiding and im y'ployment of such Sums of Moneys so already, given, or hereafter to be given, to "the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, shall at any Time hereafter wilfully forbear or refuse, according to their Duties in this Behalf, to employ such Sums of Money so given or to be given as aforesaid, for the Binding out of such Apprentices, by Means of which wilful Forbearance or Refilling, the said Money shall not be employed accordingly; that then they and every of them so offending contrary to this act, shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence lawful English Money; the one Half thereof to be given to the Poor of the Town or Parish where such Fault or Offence shall be done or committed; the other Moiety to the Party that shall sue for the same; (4) and that every Man that will, may and shall be admitted to sue for the same Moiety, for the Use and Benefit of the said Poor, and shall be also admitted to sue for the Forfeiture of the other Moiety, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, to his own Benefit and Behoof, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law or Essoin shall be admitted or allowed.

m III. And for that all Moneys so given may the better continue to and for the Purposes aforesaid, Be it

the money otaii enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mailer, Mistress or Dame of every such Apprentice or ap ba hound with prentices that shall receive any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall become bound with one or rues to repay tyvo fuffcient Sureties, by Bond or Obligation in double the Sum which they and every of them shallfo receive

jicy

The Party which receiveth

A.D. 1609. Anno septimo Jacobi I. C. 3. 75

ceive with such Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, unto the Corporation of any such City or Town Corporate, by what Name or Names soever they shall be called or incorporated, or to such Person or Persons in the other Towns and Parishes not incorporated, appointed by this Act to have continually the Guiding and Employment of all such Sums of Money so already given or hereafter to be given, to the Intents and Purposes aforesaid respectively, upon Condition to repay such Sum or Sums of Money, as he or she shall so receive with any such Apprentice or Apprentices, at the End of seven Years next ensuing the Date of the said Obligation, or within three Months next after the End of the said seven Years: (zand if such Apprentice shall happen to die within the said Space of seven Years, then within one Year after his or her laid Death; (3) and if the Master, Mistress or Dame, to whom any such Apprentice or Apprentices shall be bound, shall happen to die within the said Space of seven Years, then within one Year next after his or her said Death; (4.) so as the said Moneys maybe again employed for placing such Apprentice with some other Person of the same Trade, to serve out the Residue of the Years of his or her former Apprenticeship, by the Discretion of the said Persons truffed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Sum or Sums of Money so Within what given or to be given in Manner and Form, and to and for the good Uses and Intents aforesaid, shall al tim'm° ways be put forth and employed by the Parties aforesaid, that by this Act shall have the Disposing and Im forth e put ployment thereof, within three Months at the furthest, after such Money shall come to the Hands of the said Parties, that by the Intent and true Meaning of this Act ought to dispose and employ the same; (2) aprovifionif and if at such Times there shall not be found fit and apt Persons to be bound out Apprentices as afore persons in°t]i« said, within the said Cities, Towns and Parishes where such Sums of Money are or hereafter shall be Parish to be Ap. given to be employed as afore is declaredthen such of the poorest Children of any of the Parishes next prentims adjoining shall be bound Apprentices in Manner as aforesaid, as by the Care and good Discretions of the Parties which by this Act have the Disposing and Employment of the said Sums of Money in the Cities,

Towns and Parishes where it was first given to be employed, shall be thought fit and convenient, taking such Bonds and Obligations of the Persons that shall receive the said Sums of Money so put forth, and with such Sureties, and upon such Conditions, as is abovementioned and declared.

V providecfalways, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Choice from Time to Time What Sort of be made of the poorest Sorts of Children of every such City, Town and Parish, where such Moneys shall personst<.hali be be so given, and whose Parents are leaf! able to relieve them: (2) And that no such Apprentice shall be apprent'cc3 above die Age of fifteen Years when he or flic shall be so first bound out an Apprentice.

VI. And for the better Execution of this Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Account shall be all and every Person and Persons appointed by this Act to have the Employing and Disposing of any Sum m*e of the or Sums of Money fi given or to be given as aforesaid, within any Town or Parish not corporate, shall af pi0^'eedy.em" ter the End of this present Session of Parliament, once every Year in the Easter Week, or within 01m Month next after Easter Day, make a true and perfect Account before four, three, or two Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or next to every of the said Towns or Parishes, of all such Sum and Sums of Money as they or any of them have employed in binding of Apprentices, by Virtue of this Act, and of all Bonds and Obligations taken for the Payment thereof, and also of all such Sums of Money as then shall happen to be remaining in their Hands not employed: (2) And also shall at the Making and Yielding up of the said Account, or within ten Days then next following, yield and deliver up unto such as shall happen next to succeed them, or then to be in the said Rooms and Places, all such Obligations and Bonds as by them or any of them have been before that Time taken to die Uses aforesaid; also all Sums of Money remaining in their or any of their Hands to be employed as aforesaid, and not employed at the Time of the yielding up of the said Account.

VII. And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Parties appointed and A Remedy trusted by this act to have, the Disposing and Employment of any of the said Sums of Money so given or t7uftedamaiiarty to be given as aforesaid, shall in any Point or Degree break the Trust and Confidence in them in this be break the Trust, half reposed, or shall commit any odier Misdemeanour or Offence in Mifimploying of the said Sums of Moor commit any, ney, or any Part thereof, or in doing any other Act or Acts contrary to their Duties, and the true Intentoffence' and Meaning of this Act, for which there is not by this Act any Penalty given or appointed, then it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, in the Behalf of the Poor of such City, Borough or Parish, to exhibit his Petition to the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, touching die same: Which Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Eng for the Time being, shall thereupon have full Power and Authority to award a Commission out of the High Court of Chancery, under the Great Seal of England, to such and so many Persons as his Lordship shall think meet, to inquire, hear and determine the said Offences, and every of them: (zj And if the said Commissioners or the moll Part of them shall find, that any Sum or Sums of Money so given or to be given, are lost, impaired, wasted or diminished, then they or the most Part of them shall likewise have Power, by Virtue of this Act and of tiieirsaid Commission, to rate, raise and collect! the said Sum of Money so loft, impaired, wasted or diminished, upon such Person or Persons in Places not incorporate, as by this Act are appointed to have the Guiding and Ordering of the said Moneys, if they or any of them have failed in their said Duties in that Behalf, or otherwise upon the able Inhabitants of such City, Town or Parish, where die same, shall so happen, as in the Discretion of the said Commissioners or the greatest Part of them shall be thought fitted, and to return the said Commission and the Manner of the Execution thereof, into the said High Court of Chancery within three Months next after the Execution thereof: (3) a Remedy for And if any Person or Persons shall find himself grieved by anything done by the said Commissioners, then f", eyed by the upon Complaint thereof made in the High Court of Chancery, the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of, for the Time being, shall have full Power and Authority to order and decree the same, as to his Lordship shall be thought most fit to stand with Equity and good Confidence.

7 6 G. 4.

Anno septimo Jacobi I.

A.D. 1609.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the due Execution of diverse Laws and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabonds and sturdy Beggars, and other lewd and idle Persons

el»z. C 4 & 5. Houses of Correction shall be provided: And 1 he Government of them, z lnft. 728.

Burn V z, 523.

39 Eliz. C

WHEREAS heretofore diverse good and necessary Laws and Statutes have been made and provided for the Erection of Houses of Correction, for the suppressing and punishing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle, vagrant and disorderly Persons; which Laws have not wrought so good Effect as was expected, as well for that the said Houses of Correction have not been built according as was in

as all'o for that the said Statutes have not been duly and severely put in Execution, as by the said

were appointed (2) For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted and established by our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and by the Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Laws and Statutes now in Force, made for the Erecting and Building of Houses of Correction, and for punishing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other wandering and idle Persons, shall be put in due Execution.

There shall be a

II. And be it further enacted and established by the Authority aforesaid, That before the Feast of Saint rea!on°provided Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and eleven, in every shire to there shall be erected, built or otherwise provided, within every County of this Realm of England and Wales, rt idle Persons where there is not one House of Correction already built, purchased, provided or continued, one or more to work. sit and convenient House or Houses of Correction, with convenient Backside thereunto adjoining, together with Mills, Turns, Cards and suchlike necessary Implements, to set the said Rogues or such other idle Persons on work; the same Houses to be built, erected or provided in some convenient Place or Town in every County: (2) Which Houses shall be purchased, conveyed or allured unto such Person or Persons as by the Justices of Peace or the more Part of them, in their Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held within every County of this Realm of England and Wales, upon Trust, to the Intent the same shall be used and employed for the keeping, correcting and setting to work of the said Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars and other idle and disorderly Persons.

The Forfeiture

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said House so to be erected, pur of every justice chased or provided, shall not be erected, built or otherwise provided before the Feast of Saint Michael the, r d., f., Archangel, which shall be in the Year one thousand six hundred and eleven next ensuing the last Day: of this present Session of Parliament, That then every Justice of Peace within every County of this Realm of England and Wales, where such House and Backside shall not be erected or provided, shall forfeit for his said Neglect, five Pounds of lawful English Money; (2) the one Moiety thereof to be unto him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which Suit no Protection, Essoin or Wager of Law shall be admitted; and the other Moiety thereof to be employed and bellowed towards the erecting, building, procuring or providing the said House and Backside, and such northeast ceftary Implements as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted and established by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace of

pointed of every every County within the Realm of England and Wales, at their Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held uo°nfe ndthirrcc^' for their several Counties (next after the Erecting, Providing or Building of the said House or Houses, and Authority 1° from Time to Time) or the moult Part of them, shall elect, nominate and appoint at their Will and Pleasure, one or more honest fit Person or Persons, to be Governor or Master of the said House or Houses so to be purchased, erected, built or provided: (2) Which Person and Persons so chosen by Virtue of this present Act, shall have Power and Authority to set such Rogues, Vagabonds, idle and disorderly Persons, as shall be brought or sent unto the said House, to work and labour (being able) from Time to Time for such Time as they shall continue and be remaining in the said House of Correction, and to punish the said Rogues, Vagabonds, idle and disorderly Persons, by putting Fetters or Gives upon them. The Rogues and by moderate whipping of them: (3) And that the said Rogues, Vagabonds and idle Persons, during Siaiyeable w the Lime as they shall continue and remain in the said House of Correction, shall in no Sort be chargeable

Country! to the Country for any Allowance, either at their bringing in or going forth, or during the Time of their Abode there, but shall have such and so much Allowance as they shall deserve by their own Labour and Work.'.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices of Peace of every County, within every of their several Divisions, twice in every Year at the dealt, and oftener, if there be Occasion, shall assemble and meet together for the better Execution of this Statute: and that some four or five Days before their Assembly and Meeting, the said Justices of the more Part of them shall by their Warrant command the Constables and Tithingmen of every Hundred, Town, Parish, Village and Hamlet, within their said several Divisions, which shall be alfifted with sufficient Men of the same Places, to make a general privy Search in one Night within their said Hundreds, Towns, Villages and Hamlets, for the finding out and apprehending of the said Rogues, Vagabonds, wandering and idle Persons; (2) and that such Rogues, Vagabonds, wandering and idle Persons, as they shall then find and apprehend in the said Search, shall by them be brought before the said Justices at their said Assembly or Meeting, there to be examined of their idle and wandering Life, there to be punished, or otherwise by their Warrant to be sent or conveyed unto the said House or Houses of Correction within the said County appointed and prefixed there, to be delivered to the Master or Governor of the said House, or to his Deputy or Assignee, to be set to i.abour and Work: (3) At which Days and Times of Assembly and Meeting so to be held by the said Justices of Peace, the Constables and Tithingmen of every Hundred

8 Parishj

of Peace if the House of Correction b e n 01 provided.

A Governor shall be ap

General privy Search shill be made in every Hundred, Town, C

Repealed by 12 Annie, Srat. 2. C 13. fed. x8.

Anno septimo Jacobi I.

C 5-

7, 7

Parish, Town, Village and hamlet, shall thenappear in every their several divitlon.s, before the said Justices of Peace, at the said Assemblies or Meetings, and there shall give Account and Reckoning upon Oath in theconrtabte,

Writing, and under the Hand of the Minister of every Parish, whatrogues, Vagabonds and wandering

and disorderly Persons they have apprehended, both in the same Search, and also between every such hended,

Assemblies and Meetings, and how many have been by them punished or otherwise sent unto the Houses'

of Correction: Which if the said Constables or Tithingmen shall neglect to perform, as also to convey

safely all such Rogues, with all other idle and disorderly Persons, at the Charge of the Hundred, as by the justices of Peace their Warranty shall be sent. unto the Houses of correction.in the same County;

that then they shall forfeit such further Fines, Pains and Penalties, as by the said Justices of Peace or the

moult Part of them shall be thought lit and convenient, not. exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings for every Offence.

VI. And for "that it is convenient that the Mailers or Governors of the said Houses of Correction th governor's ' should have some fit Allowance and Maintenance for their Travel and Care' to be had in the said Ser his uaintanct vice, as also for the relieving of such as. shall happen to be.weak and Sick in their Custody, and that Maintenance.

' the Subjects of this Realm mould in no Sort be over charged, to raise up money for Stocks to set such on Work as shall be committed.to their Custody; '(2), Be it therefore enacted and established by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the Masters or Governors of the said Houses of Correction, shall have such Sums of Money yearly, as shall be thought meet, by the jinofl part of the Justices of.

Peace within the said County at the Quarter sessions of the Peace, the same to be paid quarterly beforehand by the Treasurers appointed by one Act made in the three and fortieth Year of the late Queen; 43 Eliz. C Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, during the Time they the said Masters and Governors shall be employed in the said Service, (the said Master pr. Governor giving sufficient Security for the Continuance and Performance of the said Service) (3) which if the said Treasurer shall neglect or refuse to perform, That then the said Master or Governor of the house of correction.shall have]

Authority by this present act to levy the same, or so much thereof as shall be unpaid, upon the said'

treasurer's Account, in such Manner and Form as by the said Statute they the said Treasurers are appointed and authorised to levy the weekly Sum or Payment being to them unpaid.

VII. And because great Charge ariseth upon many Places within this Realm by Reason of Barfardy, the punishment besides the great Dishonour of Almighty God, '. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. of lewd Women every lewd Woman, which after this present Session of Parliament shall have any Bastard which maybe ^'ahrjshsve Ba' chargeable to the Parish, the Justices of Peace shall commit such lewd Woman to the House of Cor igeiiz. c. 3. rection, there to be punished and seton work, during the Term of one whole Year; (2) and if (he shall 1 Buiftr. 34s. eftfoons offend again, That then to be committed to the said House of Correction as aforesaid, and there c'v

to remain until (he can put in good S ureties for her Good Behaviour, not to offend so again.

VIII. And for that many wilful People finding that they having Children, have some Hope to have Relief from the Parish wherein they dwell, and being able to Labour, and thereby to relieve themselves

and their Families, do nevertheless run away out of their Parishes, and leave their Families upon the.

Parish; '(2) For Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by this present Parliament, and the Authority A Remedy for of the same. That all such Persons so running away shall be taken and deemed to be incorrigible Rogues, them thadt, run and endure the Pain of incorrigible Rogues; (3) And if either such Man or Woman being able to work, u^f/ctlildrento and shall threaten to run away and leave their Families as aforesaid, the same being proved by two fuf theoargeof ficient Witnesses upon Oath, before two Justices of Peace in that.division; That then the said Persons the Patifli. so threatening shall by the said Justices of Peace be sent to the Houses of Correction, (unless he or fixe 5 i'p'can put in sufficient sureties for the Discharge of the Parish) there; to be dealt with and detained as a sturdy and wandering Rogue, and to be delivered at the said Assembly or Meeting, or at the Quarter -- Sessions, and not otherwise..

IX. And because there shall be the more Care taken by all such Masters of the Houses of Correction, The Governors' 4 that when the Country hath been at Trouble and Charge to bring all such disorderly Persons, as afore tount4 Stoethe iu said, to their safe Keeping, that then they shall perform their Duties in that Behalf, '(2) Be it there nice" of sllper" fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if they shall not every Quarter sessions yield a true and ns committed lawful Account unto the Justices of Peace of all such Persons as have been committed to their Custody, to their custody. or if the said Persons committed to their Custody, or any of them, shall be troublesome unto the Country, by going abroad, or otherwise shall escape away from the said House of Correction before they shall be from thence lawfully delivered; that then the said Justices shall set down such Fines and Penal* upon the said Master and Governors, as the most Part of them in their Quarter sessions Avail think fit and convenient; (3) and all Fines and Penalties not herein before limited shall be paid unto the Treasurer, and accounted for by the Treasurer aforesaid. (4) This act to have Continuance, for the The Continu space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament after the said seven ance of his Act, Years.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.]

Cap. y..;

An Act for Ease in pleading troublesome and contentious Suits prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Constables, and certain other his Majesty's Officers, for the lawful Execution of their Office.

4 TOR Ease in pleading against many causeless and contentious Suits which have been, and daily are 4 X commenced and' prosecuted against justices of Peace, Mayors or Bailiffs of Cities and Towns Corporate, Headboroughs, Port reves, Constables, Tithingmen, Collectors of Subsidies and fifteens, '.

who

r

The Plea of an Officer impleaded for theexecu tion of hisoffi.ee,

78 C 6. Anno septimo Jacobi I. A.D. 1609.

cro.car. 273, 2s5, 467. vaugll. 213. Nay 32.

Bxrn V 2; 93.

1 Roll 274. Moor 845.

Mod. 184.

The Defendant allowed double Costs of Suit.

3 Bulftr. 77.

Continuance of this Act,

' who for due Execution of their Office have been troubled and molested, and still are like to be trou bled and molested, by evil disposed contentious Persons; to their great Charge and Discouragement e in doing of their Offices: '(2) Be it therefore enacted by our Sovereign Lord the King, and by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons', in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Atftion, Bill, Plaint or Suit, upon the Case, Trespass, Battery or false Imprisonment, shall be brought after forty Days next after the End of this Session of Parliament, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster or elsewhere, against any Justice of Peace, Mayor or Bailiff of City or Town. Corporate, Headborough, Port reve, Constable, Tithingman, Collector of Subsidy or Fifteens, for or concerning any Matter, Cause or Thing, by them or any of them done by Virtue orreason of their orany of their Office or Offices, That it shall be lawful to and for every such Justice of Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, Constable or other Officer or Officers before named, and all others which in their Aid or Assistance, or by their Commandment, 1 final! do anything touching or concerning his or their Office or Offices, to 1 plead the general Issue, that he or they are not guilty, (3) and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the same, which Special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass, or other Matter laid to his or their Charge: (4) And that if the Verdict shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Ablion, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, That in every, such case the Justices or Justice, or such other Judge before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall byforee and Virtue of this Act allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their double Costs, which he or they shall have sustained by Reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; (5) for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to the Defendants. (6) And this Act to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Parliament after the said seven years.'[this Statute is enlarged, and made perpetual, 21 Jae. 1. c. 12, but see 21 Jac. 1. C 28. which only continues it to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for administering the Oath of Allegiance, and Reformation of married Women Recusants.

wiac'ih'n't\ 4 WHEREAS by a Statute made in the third Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the the'o.ith or 6 4 y.v better Discovering anlreprejjing of Popiflo Recusants, the Form of an Oath to be ministred and obedience to thee given to certain Persons in the same Act mentioned is limited and prescribed, tending only to the whom ufiiau be Declaration of such Duty as' every true and well aftedled Subject, not only by Bond of Allegiance, but ministred, and*4 ak by the Commandment of Almighty God, ought to bear to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors: what, ' '(2) Which Oath such as are infected with Popish Superilition do oppugne with many false and unfound r 4 Arguments, the just Defence whereof your Majesty hath heretofore undertaken and worthily performed, r/£iai.p.c?j12.4 to the great Contentment of all your loving Subjects, notwithstanding the gain sayings ol contentious Adverfdries: -

aitve die a"*II. And to show how greatly your Loyal Subjects do approve the said Oath; They prostrate them of eighteen 56 fjves at your. majesty's feet, beseeching your Majesty that the same Oath may be administered to all your Years herein in Subjects: To which end we with all humbleness beseech your Highness, that it may be enacted, (2) and the oath oftake h'enacted, by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every Person and Persons, as well Obedience, ecclesiastical.as Temporal, of what Estate, Dignity, Preheminence, Sex, Quality or Degree soever he, the dr they be, orlha lfbe, above the Age of eighteen: Years, being hereafter in this Act mentioned: and intended, shall make, take and receive a corporal Oath upon the Evangelists, according to the Tenor e/ch?erson°ma'u effect of the said Oath set forth in the said forementioned Statute; before such Person or Persons as take the Oath, hereafter in this Act is expressed: is to say, (3) all and every Archbishop and Biftxop that now is 3 jac. 1. C or hereafter shall be, before the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being.

bitho^ecciefi41

III. And all and every Ecclesiastical Judge, Officer and Minister, of what Estate, Dignity, Preheminence aflicai" fudges r Degree soever lie or they be or shall be, before the Archbishop of the Province, or Bishop, or other and Officers. Ordinary of the Diocese for the Time being, wherein such Ecclesiastical Judge, Officer or Minister ought to exercise his said Office, Place or Fundlion. a biron or Ba

IV. And all and every Person and Persons of or above the Degree of a Baron of Parliament, or that Degree, 076 Baroness of this your Highness Realm of England, and all of your Highness Privy Council residing in Privy Counfei London ot Westminster, or within thirty Miles thereof, and the Presidents of Wales and the North Parts, iv>rs and prefl before any four of your Highness Privy Council, whereof the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, Lord Privy Seal or Principal Secretary for the Time being, to be one: (2) And if such Person or Persons live and reside in the Country, distant above thirty Miles from London, then before the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, or luph other Person or Persons as the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being shall thereto by Writ of Dedimus potefatem authorise.

The fv/orn Serve. And all and every the sworn Servants, ordinary and extraordinary, of your Highness, the queen's km the Grace, or of the Hou should of the Prince of I Vales, and of the rest of your Highness Children, before Queen, Prince, the Lord Steward, the Lord Chamberlains and Vice chamberlains to your Highness' and the Queen, the Treasurer and Comptroller of your Highness Household, the Mailer of your Highness Horse, the Dean of the Chapel, and the Knight marshal for the Time being, the Officers of the Green cloth, 'or any three of them,

8 VI All'

A.D. 1609. Anno septimo Jacobi I.

C 6. 79

VI. All and every Temporal Judge, Justices of Peace, Sheriffs, Escheators, Feodaries, and other.ludsc, > Officers and Ministers of Justice in this present Act not specially mentioned, and every other Person Id8ofey Uwhor or Persons that doth or shall receive any See of your Highness, your Heirs and Successors, before the receive die Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Lord Treasurer, Lord Admiral, Lord War King's See. den of the five Ports, for the Time being, or one of them, or before, one of the Chief Justices of either

of your majesty's Bench, or of the Common Pleas, or before the Justices of Assize of the same County where the Parties reside, or other such Persons as the Lord Chancellor or Keeper of the said Great "Seal shall thereunto authorise.

VII. And all Mayors, Bailiffs or other Chief Officers of Cities and Towns Corporate, by what Name Chief Officer

soever they be called or known, before such Person or Persons as usually administer the Oath to them town^corpo* at their first Entrance into their said Offices. rate.

VIII. And all and every the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses and Barons of the five Ports of the Commons Knishj?> citt

House of Parliament, at any Parliament or Session of Parliament hereafter to be act embled, before he or andirons of they shall be permitted to enter into the said House, before the Lord Steward for the Time being, or his the Parliament. Deputy or Deputies: (2) And the Master of the Ordnance, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, and Mint master there, the four principal Officers of your Navy under the Lord Admiral, before the Lord ordnance. Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the Lord Admiral for the Time being, or any of Lieutenant of them. the Tower, C

IX. And all the Officers, Ministers, Servants and others, within your said Tower of London, before Officers and ser

the Lieutenant of the Tower. - r < - vantsinthe

X. And all the Vice admirals, Captains, Masters, Officers, Ministers and Soldiers in your High offices and sai ness Ships, or any of them, before the said four principal Officers of your Navy, or any two ofdiers in ships, them

XL. And all Persons having Charge of Castles, Fortresses, block houses or Garrisons, and all Captains of Captains who shall have Charge of Soldiers, within this your highness Realm, before the Justices 0fca«ies, Soldiers, Assize of the same County, or before two Justices of the Peace of the same County, City or Liberty, where the same Castles, fortrdtes or block houses shall Hand, or the Charge of Soldiers shall be'- - n -,

XII. All Doctors, Advocates and Prodtors of the Civil Law, and cheir Clerks, before the Bishop ca°tes°2nd Proc

of 1 he Diocese where they shall for the most part dwell or reside of the CI

XIII. And all and every Person or Persons Temporal that hereafter shall sue Livery or Oujhr le main VII Law

out of the Hands of your Highness, your Heirs or Successors, before his or their (Jujier le main fuedsuers of llveov forth and allowed, before the Master of the Wards and Liveries or before the Surveyor and Attorney of your Highness said Court, in open Court.

XIV. All the Sergeants at Law, Servants to the Judges in your Highness Courts at Westminster, Sergeants at the

and all other in the Sergeants Inns, before the Chief Justice of your majesty's Bench, the Chief Justice Taw, and the of the Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of your Exchequer,; or some or one of them. Judges Servants,

XV. All your Highness Subjects in the Inns of Court, or that hereafter shall be admitted thereunto, Gentlemen of

and the Principals and Treasurers of every Inn of Chancery, before the Readers and Benchers of the the inns of several Houses where to they belong, or four of them at the Least, in their operi Halls. Court, and Phn

3 3 r cipals of the

T Inns of Chancery

XVI. All other your majesty's Subjects, as well Ancients as others, not being Principal or Trea a1j of the Jnns surer, that now are or hereafter shall be admitted into any Inn of Chancery, before the Principal or of Chancery.

Treasurer, and Ancients of the several Inns of Chancery, or four of them, in their open Halls.

XVII. All Prothonotaries, Philizers, Officers, Ministers, Attorneys and Clerks, that now are or Prothonotaries,

hereafter shall be admitted to Write or Practice in any of your Highness Courts at Westminster, or office'j attor in any other Court of Record, before the Judge or Judges of the same Court. er 5'.

XVIII. All Clerks of the Chancery, and all their Under clerks, and all other Officers of the said clerks and offi > Court of Chancery, and their Clerks, before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or before two J, t.rs, of the

of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery, ' - i'r a ce y.

XIX. And all Parsons, Vicars and Curates, and all other Persons Ecclesiastical taking Orders, and Parsons vicars,

all and every Schoolmaster and Usher, before the Bishop of the Diocese, or other Ordinary in the Curates, C same, sitting in open Court. -'1'u^r*'master'

XX. The Vice chancellors of both the Universities for the Time being, and the Presidents, War the vice chao dens, Provosts, Masters of Colleges and Halls, and all other Heads and Principals of Houses, Prodtors, cellars in the and Beadles of the Universities, publicly in the Convocation, before the Senior Masters there pre

font. Colleges or

XXI. And all and every other Persons whatsoever, that is or shall be promoted to any Degree thin School, before the vice-chancellor of the said University for the Time being, in the congrega pedrt°nqp tion house _ '

XXII. All Fellows of Houses, and all Scholars of Halls or Colleges, that how are or hereafter shall Jcllolws ?ni be received into the same, being under the Degree of a Baron, before the President, Master, pro kcge°s ars in voft, Warden, ot other Head or Chief Governor of that College, Hall or House, whereunto hie shall be received, and in the open Hall.

XXIII. And all Doctors of Physic, and all other who practice Physic, that now are or hereafter Daftors one!

shall be admitted into the College of Physicians in London, before the President of the same Col of*rs 0? lege for the Time being. 1

8o

C 6.

Anno septimo Jacobi I.

A.D. 1609.

Aldermen, Sheriffs, and; rrce men of Cities and Towns C »rporateu When the Persons aforesaid shall take the said Oath.

and to whom.

O' t -

XXIV. And all Aldermen, Sheriffs and Under Officers whatsoever, of the Cities and Towns Corporate, and all such as hereafter shall be made Freemen of the said City or Town Corporate, before the Mayor, Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer of the said City or Town, in the open Hall.

XXV. And to the Intent that due Execution may be had of the Premises without Delay, it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. -. all the Persons before named, who have any certain Time limited or expressed when to take the aforesaid Oath, shall at the Time therein prescribed take the same, and the rest within six Months next after the End of this present Session of Parliament.,

wj10may tender

XXVI. And be it further enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That it shall and may be the raid Oath, lawful to and for any one of the Privy Council of your Highness, or of your Heirs and Successors, and ..to and for every Bishop in his Diocese, to require any Baron or Baroness of the Age of eighteen Years or above, to take the said Oath; (2) and to and for any two Justices of Peace within any County, City, or Town Corporate, whereof. one to be of the Quorum, to require any Person or Persons of the Age of eighteen Years or above, under the Degree of a Baron or Baroness, to take the said Oath: (3) And if any Person or Persons of or above the said Age and Degree, now (land or hereafter at any Time shall stand and be. presented, indicted or convicted for not coming to Church or not receiving the Holy Communion or Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, before the Ordinary, or other having lawful Power to take such Presentment "or Indictment, then three of the Privy Council of your Highness, your Heirs and Successors, whereof the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, Lord Privy Seal or Principal Secretary to be one, upon Knowledge thereof, shall require such Person or Persons to take the said Oath) And if any other Person or Persons whatsoever, of and above the said Age, and under the said Degree, now Hand or at any Time hereafter shall Hand, and be presented, indicted or convicted..for. not coming to Church or receiving the Holy Communion or Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to "the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, before the Ordinary or any other having lawful Power to.take such Presentment or Indictment; or if the Mini fter. Petty Constable and churchwardens any two of them, shall at any Time hereafter complain to any Justice of Peace, near adjoining to the Place where any Person complained of shall dwell, and the said Justice shall find cause of Suspicion; that then any one Justice of Peace, within whose Commission or Power such Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter be, or to whom Complaint shall be made as aforesaid, shall upon Notice' thereof require; such Person or Persons to take the said Oath: (5) And that if any Person or Persons, being of the Age of eighteen Years or above, shall refuse to take the said Oath, duly tendered to him or her, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Statute, that then the Persons authorised by this. Law to give the said Oath, shall and may commit the same Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until the next Assizes or General Quarter sessions to be held for the said Shire, Division, Limit or Liberty; where the said Oath shall be again in the said open Sessions required of such Person by the said Justices of Assize or Justices of the Peace The Penalty for then and there present, ior the greater Number of them: (6) And if the said Person or Persons, of the theufamoathk* Age eighteen Years or above, shall.refuse to take the said Oath, being tendered to him or her by A Co. iji/c the said Justices of Assize and gaol delivery, in their open Assizes or gaol delivery, or the Justices of J Peace or the greater Part, of them in their General or Quarter sessions, every Person so refusing shall incur the Danger and Penalty of prtcmunire, mentioned in a Statute made in thp sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, (except Women covert, who shall be committed only to Prison, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize till they will take the said Oath..)

j XXVII'And be it further enacted, That every Person refusing to take the said Oath as above, shall be disabled to all Intents and Purposes, to execute any public Place of Judicature, or bear any !sden"t?ffices 0, other Office (being no Office of Inheritance or Ministerial Kundion) within this your Highness Realm. of England \ (2) Or. to use or practice the common-law or Civil Law; or the Science, of Physic or

Surgery, or"the Art of an Apothecary, or any Liberal Science, for his or their Gain, " within this Realm, until such Time as the same Person shall receive the same Oath, according to the Intent of this Sta "..

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That If any married Woman (being 'lawfully convicted as a Popish Recusant for not coming to Church) shall not within three Months next after such Conviction conform herself, and repair to the Church and receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the former Laws and Statutes made and provided in that Behalf touching Recusants; That then the shall be committed to Prison by one of the Privy Council of your. Highness, your Heirs or Successors, or by the Bishop of the Diocese, if she he a Baroness, or if Ihe be under that Degree, by two Justices of the Peace of the same County, whereqfofte to b.eof the Quorum, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until (lie shall conform herself "and come to "Church, and receive the sacrament of the lord's Supper, unless the husband of such Wise shall pay to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; for the Offence. of his said Wife, for; every, Month ten Pounds of lawful Money of England, or else the third Part (in three Parts to be divided) of all his Land and Tenements, 'at the Choice of the Husband whose Wife, is so. convicted as aforesaid, for and during so long Time as she remaininga Recusant convicted, shall continue out..of Prison, during, which Time (and no longer) she may be at Lb iberty, '..a ..'

16 R. z. C 5.

1 Roll 91.

Disabled to execute or practice

The Penalty of a married Woman Recusant that shall not come to ttie* Church and receive the Sacr4, rnent.

See farther,

25 Car. z. C z. and 16 Geo. 2." C 30.

; 1*.

A.D. 1609. Anno fepthno Jacobi I.

G. 7, 8.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the punishing and correcting of Deceit and Frauds committed by Sorters, kem bers and Spinsters of Wool, and Weavers of Woollen Yarn.

8l

yt7'hereasby the Trade of Clothing, making of Bays, Says and other Clothes and Stuffs made j H, %. c.*j.

of Wool or partly of Wool, many poor People are seton work, and great Profit hath grown

to the Poor and Commonwealth thereby; (2) yet now by the Abuse and Deceit of the Sorters, K cm -

bers, Carders and Spinsters of Wool to them delivered, by the Persons using the Trades aforesaid

Weavers of the Yam made of such Wool, who are seton work by the Clothier, Maker of Bays,

' Says and other Clothes and Stuffs aforesaid, by unjiiftly, deceitfully and falsely purloining, imbezilling,

selling and detaining of Part thereof, to the great Damage of the Clothier and others using the Trades

aforesaid, whereby true cloth making is much hindered and Idleness doth daily increase: (3) So that many exercising the Trades before mentioned are greatly impoverished, and the Parties which commit the Offences aforesaid, being poor and altogether unable to make Recompense or Satisfaction for the Trespasses, Deceits and Abuses aforesaid, have much discouraged the said Clothier, Maker of Bays

and others of the Trades aforesaid, to set poor People on work, whereby much Poverty doth increase

more is like daily to increase, to the great Damage and Hindrance of the Commonwealth: '

II. For the Preventing and Reformation whereof, be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every such lewd Person and Persons, who shall at any Time after twenty Days next after the End of this Session of Parliament, unjustly, fallly or deceitfully convey away, imbezil, purloin, sell or detain any Part of the Wool or Yarn delivered by any Clothier, Maker of Bays, Says, or by any other Person or Persons making any such Clothes or Stuffs', to any such Sorter, Carder, Kern: ber, Spinster or Weaver of Wool or Yarn; That in every such Case and Cases, as well the Sorter,

Carder, Kember, Spinster and Weaver so offending, as the Buyer and Buyers, Receiver and Receivers of the same, knowing the same, being thereof lawfully convictea (by Confession of the Party or Parties so offending, or by one sufficient Witness upon Oath before Two or more of the King's majesty's justices of the Peace of the same County or Liberty where the same Offence or Offences shall be committed, or if it be within a Town Corporate, before the Mayor, Bailiff or Chief Officer, and one more of the Aldermen or most substantial Persons of the said Town, (z) who Avail by Force of this at have full Power and Authority to minister the same Oath, and finally to hear, end and determine all and every the Offences aforesaid); (3) shall give and make to the Party or Parties grieved, such Recompense and Satisfaction for such their Damage and Loss, as by the said Justices or chief Officers shall be ordered and appointed: (4) And if the Party or Parties so offending shall not be thought, in the Discretion of the said Justices or Chief Officers, able or sufficient, or do not make Recompense or Satisfaction for the same Offence or Offences, in such Manner and Form as by the said Justices or Chief Officers Avail be ordered

and appointed as aforesaid, then the Party or Parties offending, for the first Offence to be apprehended The Penalty of and whipped, or set in the Stocks, in the Place where the Offence is committed, or in some Market a worker of Town in the said County, near unto the Place where the Offence or Offences aforesaid shall be com 'hatdothlmbe mitted, as Avail be limited and apointed by the said Justices of the Peace or Chief Officers: (5) And for 7a or detain an the second Offence, to incur the like or such further Punishment by Whipping, or being put in the Pau thereof. Stocks, as the said Justices of the Peace or Chief Officers shall in their Discretion think fit and convenient,

III. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Receiver and Re thepunishment ceivers. Buyer and Buyers of any Wool or Yarn, imbezilled or purloined, contrary to the Meaning of of the R; ceiv«' this Act, knowing the same to be imbezilled or purloined, shall be subject to like Punishment as by this be^ued^va tail is inflicted or provided to be inflicted upon any such Person so imbezilling or purloining any such, isf.' Wool or Yarn as aforesaid.

IV. And be it likewise enacted, That all and every Spinner and Spinners of Wool within the County Spinners of Wcra of Essex, that shall receive any Wool to be spun into Yarn for any Clothier or Maker of Bays, Says or n"1aj 'ltowni other Stuffs aforesaid, dwelling in the Town of Cogjbal, Backing, Braintree, Halfteed, ivittam or Col

ehester, within the said County, and Avail deliver back again the Yarn made of the said Wool by any concerning tf ocj., shorter Reel than hath been there usual of ancient Time, that is to say, the said Reel containing two is£fr", J s7 yards about, Avail be subject to like Punishment as by this Act is infiicled or provided to be inflicted j3^upon any Person or Persons imbezilling and purloining Yarn as aforesaid, 1.

C. 2.

7 S IV 3. r. 2s. q & four. 3. £.40. 10 ds* 11 Wr. 3. C 10. 3 Gen. i. C ar. 4 G: o. r. C it. 4 Geo. 1. c. 11. .9*5?. 14. 12 Geo. t. C 34. 13 Gso* t. C 23* $geo, 2. C 2! 12 Geo. 2. c. 21* 15 Geo. a. C 27. 25 Geo. 2. c. 14. 26 Geo. a. C 8 & it. 29 Geo. 2. r 33 and 30 Geo. t. C 12.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to enlarge an Act of Parliament made in the second and third Year of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the keeping of Milcb kine, or breeding and rearing of Caller.

WHEREAS hi the second and third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary, a profitable Act*, ph, i m. was made for the Avoiding of the Scarcity of Cattle and Victual, intituled, An Act for the Keep. J ing of Milch kine, and for the breeding and rearing of Calves 5(2) which Act being then made only to conunue to the End of the next Session of Parliament, was found so noceffiiry for the Good of the Vol. Ill, M ' Com

82 C9 — 11. Anno septimo Jacobi I. A.D. 1609.

Eiiz, C tc. 4 Commonwealth, that after many Continuances of it by several Parliaments, it was at length, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our late Queen Elizabeth of happy Memory, made perpetual: (3) ee cause the said Act hath not produced so good Effect as was expected, in Respect it did and doth extend only to such Pasture Grounds as were enclosed before the said Acts, and wherein no Person at the Making of the said Acts had Common for any Cattle at any Time of the Year and not to such Pasture Grounds as fithence have been converted from Tillage, and enclosed or taken out of Commons and enclosed, whereas in all Equity and Conscience, many of the said late Enclosures deserve no Way to be kept and enjoyed with more Liberty, than the said former and ancient Enclosures: '

statute of II Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, i&3(hhi!hm' anc the Commons, in this present present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, tended to eex" That the said former Act, and the Pains and Penalties therein contained, shall from and after the Feast Grounds since Saint Michael the Archangel now next ensuing, be extended and construed, taken, expounded and ad inrj: lofidl r here" judged to extend, as fully to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, with the same rrovifoes, and irt closed° m" Manner, to all and every the Grounds apt and meet for Milch kine, since the making of the said Act enclosed or hereafter to be enclosed, and not to be laid open to Common at any Time of the Year and to the Occupiers thereof, as to the Grounds before the said Act made several, and wherein none had Interest of Common at the Time of Making the said Act, and to the Occupiers thereof, and as if the said Grounds so lately enclosed and hereafter to be enclosed and made several, had teen so enclosed and held several at the Time of the Making of the said Act, and as if no Person or Persons, other than the Owners thereof, then had Interest of Common therein; any Word, Sentence or Clause in the said former Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the bringing of fresh Streams of Water by Engine from Hacbiey marsh to the City of London, for the Benefit of the King's College at Cheifey. A College shall be erected at Cheifiy, and a Trench shall be made to convey Water from the River of Lee to London, to maintain the same. The Provost and Fellows may dig a Trench out of the River of Lee, or scour any old already made, and may erect Engines, waterworks, lac. and Houses or Coverings for the same. May dig for opening of Springs of fresh Water, and convey the same by Trenches into a Pond, and may convey in Pipes 'under the Ground from the waterworks unto the City and Suburbs of London, the same Water. Certain Places exempt through the which the Water is not to be conveyed.

CAP. X

An Act for Reformation of alehouse keepers,

mf6peri t/'f15'*WHEREAS notwithstanding all former Laws and Provisions already made, the inordinate and ex any offtnee treme Vice of excessive Drinking and Drunkenness doth more and more abound, to the great

committed Offence of Almighty God, and the wasteful Destruction of god's good Creatures: '(2) Be it enacted

against (he Sta by the Authority of this present Parliament, That if any Person being an alehouse keeper (after six tute^o 4 jm »* \veeics Ilext ensuing this present Session of Parliament) shall be lawfully convicted for any Offence or j'llaxv.p. c. CI Offences committed against any of the Branches of two former Acts of Parliament made fithence the 1 Beginning of this present Parliament, the one intituled, An Act to restrain the inordinate Haunting and ijac. t. C 9. Eipiingin Inns, Alehouses and other vidiualiing houses; the other intituled, An Act agaitift the odious and

Jac. 1, C 5. loathfom Sin of Drunkenness; That then every Person or Persons so convicted, shall for the Space of

ifthrproi ifans three Years next ensuing the said Conviction, be utterly disabled to keep any such Alehouse.

relating hereto,

1 Gaol. C 7. I Cur. I. C 4. 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. and 19 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. XT.

An Act to prevent the Spoil of Corn and Grain, by untimely Hawking, and for the better

Preservation of Pheasants and Partridges.

The Penalty for 4 WHEREAS in the first Section of this present Parliament there was a good Law made, amongst fanrs^rvar'63" ' Y'other Things for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, which hath not iridyes at undue yielded that good Success as was by the same Law hoped for and intended, through disorderly and Tmes, or by unseasonable Hawking, whereby great Quantity of Corn and grain hath been and is not only un "naftm^a"s. ' charitably spoiled and destroyed, but great Numbers of Pheasants and Partridges thereby killed, and surlik livgo.*spoiled, before they be either lit to be hawked at, or to be used for Food or Diet: '

II. For the Preventing of both which Tneorivenieneies and Mischiefs, Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, which at any Tune after the End of this present Session of Parliament doth or shall hawk at, destroy or kill any Pheasant of Pheasants, Partridge or partridges, with any Kind of Hawk or Hawks, Dog or Dogs, by Colour of Hawking, between the first of July and the lull Day of augu/i, and the same Offence or Offences being proved by the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of two sufficient Witnesses upon Oath, before two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, City or Town Corporate wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Party oft ending apprehended, shall be by the said Justices of the Pence,

for

A.D. 1609. Anno septimo Jacobi I. C. 11. 83

for every such Offence, committed to the common Gaol of the said County, City or Town Corporate, where the Offence shall be committed, or the Parties apprehended; (2) there to remain for one whole Month without Bail or Mainprise, unless that the said Offender do or shall forthwith upon the said Conviction pay, or cause to be paid, to the Churchwardens of the said Parish, or unto the Overseers of the Poor, or some of them, where the said Offence shall be committed, or the Party apprehended, to the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Hawking at anyphea fant or Partridge, and twenty Shillings for every such Pheasant or Partridge which any and every such Person and Persons so offending and convicted (as aforesaid) by himself, his Hawk or Hawks, Dog or Dogs, shall take, kill or destroy, contrary to the true Purport, Intent and Meaning of this present Statute. _'N

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons He that is ptr

shall be at any Time hereafter convicted and punished by Virtue of this Law, That then the Party so l^w^aubecx punished shall not for the same Offence be eftfoons called in Question, and punished by Virtue of any other cufed for any Law touching or concerning the like Offences. other.

IV. Provided also, That no Offenders shall be impeached or punished by Virtue of this Act, unless within what

he or they be accused as delinquent, before the said Justices of Peace, within six Months next after t'me an of the said Offence or Offences committed or done. accusef1311

V. And whereas by a Proviso in the said Statute contained, it is provided, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person and Persons which have or shall have free Warren, and to and for every Lord of a Manor, and to every Freeholder which is or shall be seized in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, oflands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the clear yearly Value of ten Pounds or more by the Year, over and above all Charges and Reprises, of some Estate of Inheritance;

4 (2) or of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife,

for Term of Life or Lives, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds over and above ail Charges and Reprises; (3) or be or which shall be worth in Goods or Chattels two hundred Pounds; (4) by him or themselves, or by lfis or their menial Servants (sufficiently authorised from his or their Mailer for that Purpose) to take Pheasants and Partridges (in the daytime only) with Nets, in and upon his and their own, orbis or their Mailers free Warren, Manor and Freehold, or on any Part of them,

betwixt the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, and the Feast of the Birth of our Lord God yearly;

anything in the said Law to the contrary notwithstanding: (5) By Colour of which Liberty so given by the said Proviso, it is found by Experience, that the said Games of Pheasants and Partridges have been and Hill are likely to be much spoiled and destroyed by many mean Tenants and Freeholders,

against the Will of the Lords or Owners of Inheritance of the said Lands and Tenements

VI. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Proviso, and every Clause, A Repeal of a

Article and Tiling therein contained, shall be from the End of this present Session of Parliament, ut

terly repealed, frustrate and made void; anything in the said Proviso contained to the contrary not '/fao. ic. 1-. Withstanding. allowing certain

perfor.s to tike Pheasants and Partridges.

VII. And that it shall and may be lawful for every Person or Persons which have or shall have free who may tav, Warren, and to and for every Lord of a Manor, and to and for every Freeholder which is or flail Pheaftms and lie seized in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to wh^olsdwh -- the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds or more, by the Year, over and above all Charges and Re '

priles, of some Estate of Inheritance; (2) or of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, for Term of Life or Lives, of the yearly Value of fourlcore Pounds over and above all Charges and Reprises; (3) or which shall be worth in Goods or Chattels four hundred Pounds; (4) by him or themselves, or by his or their menial and household Servants (sufficiently authorised from his or their Mailer for that Purpose) to take Pheasants and Partridges (in the daytime only) in and upon his and their own, or his and their mailer's free Warren, Manor and Freehold as aforesaid, or on any Part of them, betwixt the Feast of St, Michael the Archangel and the Birth of our Lord God yearly; anything in the said Law before mentioned to the con'

Itrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the said Games of Pheasants and Partridges are excessively spoiled and destroyed by base Persons, of bad and mean Condition, making a Trade and Living of the Spoiling and Delroying of the said Games, who are not of Sufficiency to pay any Penalty in any former Statute mentioned, nor to answer the Costs and Charges of any that should inform and prosecute against them in any of his Majesty's Courts: (2) By Reason whereof, and for that the said Offenders are hardly discovered, and leidom or never found offending in the Presence of diverse Witnesses, so that it is very hard to convict them by the Testimony of more Witnesses than one, by Reason that they spoil and destroy the said Games fe cretly, and for the moll partin the nighttime, and do carry fuelt Pheasants and Partridges a they lb de stroy, likewise by Night, to Cities and Market towns to be sold (3) Be it therefore further enabled by Tj, e p*ni>- r, the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons which liom and after the tirfc Day of Sep tvirg Umber next, shall take, kill or destroy any Pheasant or Partridge with setting dogs and Nets, oroilierwife rfce»f, ir, u.or witly any Manner of Nets, Snares or Engines, and the same' Offence or Offences being proved by the*[hsmur.*. Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of one fuflkient Witness upon Oath, before two or more dogs/netsj just.ces of the Peace of the same County, City or Town Corporate, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Party offending apprehended, shall be by the said Justices of Peace, for every such Offence, committed to the common Gaol of the said County, City or Town Corporate, where the Offence shall be committed, or the Party apprehended, (4) there to remain for three Months without Bail or Mainprise, unless that the said Offender shall forthwith pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers

84

C 12, 13.

all110 septimo Jacobi I.

A.D. 1609.

Officers may feurch the Houses of persons suspected to offend.

C intimunce of this Atf.

kj't/'crprovifcits renting fyri'io,

*3 Car. 1. Sc. I.

of the Poor of the said Parish where the said Offence shall be committed, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pheasant or Partridge, which any and every such Person or Persons so offending shall take, kill or destroy as aforesaid, contrary to the Purport and true Meaning of this Statute; (5) and further to become bound by Recognisance in the Sum of twenty Pounds to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Condition that he the said Party so offending shall not at any Time thereafter take, kill or destroy any Pheasant or Partridge; (6) which said Recognisance shall betaken by anyone or more Justices of Peace of the said County, City or Town Corporate, where the said Offence mail be committed as aforesaid, and shall be returned to the then next Quarter sessions, and there to remain of Record as other Recognizances taken for the Peace.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Constable and Headborough in every County, City, Town Corporate, and other Place where they shall be sworn Officers, shall and may, by Virtue of this prefen! Act, (bringing with them to that Purpose a lawful Warrant under the Hands of two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Liberties or Town Corporate) have full Power and Authority to enter into and search the House or Houses of any Person or Persons (other than such as by this present Act are allowed to take Pheasants and Partridges with Nets as aforesaid) being suspected to have any setting dogs or Nets for the taking of Pheasants and Partridges; (2) and wheresoever they shall find any such setting dogs or Nets, the same to take, carry away and detain, kill, destroy and cut in Pieces, as Things prohibited by this Act, and forfeited to such of the said Officers as shall find out and take the same as aforesaid.

X This Law to continue unto the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4.]

t. 10. 21 fif 23 Car. 2. C 15. anne, 14. gc. 25. 3 Geo. j.f. II 8 Geo. I, C 19. 10 Geo. 2. c. 32, andz % Geo. 2. C It.

CAP. XII.

An Act to avoid the double Payment of Debts,

In what Case a C WHEREAS diverse Men oftrades, and Handicraftsmen keeping Shop books, do demand debts tradesman's*y, of their Customers upon their Shop books long Time after the same hath been due, and when benoevaence11*as they have supposed the Particulars and Certainty of the Wares delivered to be forgotten, then either — I - ' themselves or their Servants have inserted into their said Shop books diverse other Wares sup

' posed to be delivered to the same Parties, or to their Use, which in Truth never were delivered, and this

' of Purpose to increase by such undue Means the said Debt: (2) And whereas diverse of the fair!

C Tradesmen and Handicraftsmen, having received all the just Debt due upon their said Shop books, da oftentimes leave the same Books uncrofied, or any way discharged, so as the Debtors, their Executors or administ.ators, are often by Suit of Law enforced to pay the same Debts again to the Party that trusted the said Wares, or to his Executors or Administrators, unless he or they can produce sufficient Proof by Writing or Witnesses, of the said Payment, that may countervail the Credit of the said Shop books,

' which few or none can do in any long Time after the said Payment) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no Tradesman or Handicraftsman keeping a Shop book as is aforesaid, his or their Executors or Administrators. after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next coming, be allowed, admitted or received to give his Shop book in Evidence in any Action for any Money due for Wares hereafter to be delivered, or for Work hereafter to be done, above one Year before the same Action brought, except he or they, their Executors or Administrators, shall have obtained or gotten a billof debtor Obligation of the Debtor for the said Debt, or shall have brought or pursued against the said Debtor, his Executors or Administrators, some Action for the said Debt, Wares or Work done, within one Year next after the same Wares delivered, Money due for Wares delivered, or Work done.

II. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any inter course of Traffic, Merchandizing, Buying, Selling, or other Trading or Dealing for Wares delivered or to be delivered. Money due, or Work done or to be done, between Merchant and Merchant, Merchant and Tradesman, or between Tradesman and Tradesman, for anything directly falling within the Circuit or Compass of their mutual Trades and Merchandise, but that for such Things only, they and every of them shall be in Case as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

This Act to continue to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer [3 Car. i. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by r d Car. 1. C 4.}

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Explanation of one Statute made in the second Session of this present Parliament, intituled An All against unlawful Hunting and Stealing of Deer and Conies.

to recover a Debt.

sed. 3. Star, C 12.

2 Silk. 650.

fntercourse of Traffic between Me; Ciiants.

Continuance of tins Act.

3 ejiz. C 6.

The Forfeiture fur huhtintc or p.p.irp of Deer in a Park, C 1 jac, 1. C 13.

WHEREAS Question and Doubt hath grown and risen upon the Exposition of a Statute made in the second Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act against unlawful hunting and jleal ing of Deer and Conies, for that in the Body of the said Act all unlawful hunting, driving or chasing out, ' or taking, killing or (laying any Deer or Conies within any the Parks, Places or Grounds in the said Statute mentioned, against the Will, Mind or Pleasure of the Owners, Occupiers or Possessioners of the same (as well by Day as by Night) is prohibited and made penal, in such Manner and Form as in and

A.D. 1609. Anno septimo Jacobi I. C. 14. 85

by the said Statute it doth and may more plainly appear; and yet by a Proviso in the said Statute contained, it is enabled, That the said Ae % nor any Tiling therein contained, should extend to any Of ' fence or Offences concerning the hunting, chasing or killing of Deer or Conies, which should be done or committed in the daytime, but only to such Offences as should be then after done or committed in the nighttime only; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

' II For the Explanation of which Doubt and Question, and for that it is found by Experience, that Malefactors of that Kind have been much encouraged to chase, hunt, kill and destroy Deer in the Day

by Colour of the said Proviso, whereby many Deer, as well in the Parks of our Sovereign Lord the King, as of many his Highness loving Subjects, have been and are still like to be unlawfully and riot

oully chased, hunted and destroyed by many idle, loose and disorderly Persons: (2) Be it therefore en, u^pof pro acted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That from and after the Feast of St. James the Apostle viso containedui next ensuing, so much of the said Proviso in the said Statute contained, as concerneth the hunting, chasing the statute of out or killing of Deer only, shall be repealed, frustrated and made void; anything in the said Proviso of |/concerned3the the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. hunting of Dec '

III. And whereas it was by the said former Statute, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Per Bumr. 1.473 4 son or Persons did or should wrongfully or unlawfully hunt, chase or drive out, or take, kill or stay any & P'

Deer within any Park or other Place in the said Statute mentioned, against the Will, Mind or Pleasure of the Owners, Occupiers or Posseflioners of the same, that then every such Person so offending should satisfy and pay unto the Party grieved his treble Damages, in such Manner and Form as in the said Sta tute is mentioned: (2) By real'on.of the Uncertainty whereof, few or no Offenders have been dil

couraged in their said Huntings, Drivings, Chafings out, taking, killing or staying of Deer

IV. For Remedy whereof. Be it further by the Authority of this present' present Parliament enacted,

if any Person or Persons from and after the Feast; of Saint James the Apollle next coming after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall willingly commit any the < )ffences in the said Statute mentioned, concerning the unlawful chasing out, hunting, driving, taking, killing or staying of Deer in any Park or enclosed Ground, which now is or hereafter shall be made or used for Deer, against the Will,

Mind or Pleasure of the Owners, Occupiers, Possessioners, or Keepers of the same; That then all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall for every such Offence pay and satisfy unto the Party grieved the Sum of ten Pounds of current Money of England, or else treble Damages and Costs, at the Election of the Party grieved; (2) the same to be recovered in such Manner and Form as in and by the said Statute is limited and appointed for the Recovery, Taxing or Assessing of the said treble Damages; anything in the said Statute or in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V This Law to continue unto the End of the first Ses on of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. r. C 4. ^oniiiuance of continued unto die End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and fardier continued by 16 Car. rather Frmifi.

I. C 4 j, entrelating i; rmi

22 6? 23 car.z. C 4 6? 5 W. 6f M, C3.. 5 Ann, C 14.9 Ann, C 25. 3 Geo. l.e.ii. 8 Geo. I. r. !g. 10 Geo. 2. c. 31. cr.d 28 Geo. 2.' C 12,

CAP. XIV'.'

An Act for reviving of Part of a former Act made in the fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth, That no Stranger or Alien shall buy English Horns unwrought; and that the Wardens of the Horners of the City of London for the Time being, should have Power to search all manner of Wares appertaining to their My fiery in London, and twenty-four Miles ora every Side of it.'

' TN all humble Manner shewn and beseechen your most excellent Majesty, the Wardens and Men of 4 JL Occupation of Horners of the City of London; That whereas in the Parliament held at Westmirtjler in the fourth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, grievous Complaint was made by Men of 4 Ed. 4.1-.

the Occupation of Homers, being infranchised in the City of London, how that the People of strange Lands hath come into this Land, and into diverse Parts thereof, and Hath bought by the Hands of their Hosts and Guides the great and chief Stuff of English Horns unwrought, of Tanners and Butchers, and carry the same over the Sea, and there employ the same in diverse Works, to the great Damage of this Land, and to the final Prejudice ofa great number of Men being of the Occupation of Homers:

' II It pleased the king's Majesty, by the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in that No Stranger Parliament assembled, and at the Request of the Commons of the same, and by the Authority of the shall buy any same Parliament, to ordain, establish and enact. That from the Feast of Easter, which then Inould be unwreu in the Year of our Lord God one thousand four hundred sixty five, That no Stranger nor Alien, by London, or

himself or by any other, should buy any English Horns unwrought of any Tanners, Butchers., or of any within twenty other Persons, gathered or growing within the said City, or four and twenty Miles on every Side of the the

1 said City next adjoining: (2) And that no englishman, nor other person, should sell any English Herns pa 8 '1 ' unwrought to any Strangers, or cause them to be sent over the Sea, so that the said Homers would buy 1 the said Horns at like Price as they were at the Time of the making of the said Act, upon Pain of For

of all such Horns so bought, sold or font: (3) And that the W arderis of the said Mystery for the The Wardens of Time being, by the said Authority, should have full Power to search all manner of Ware pertaining to Horners may

' their Mystery, wrought or to be wrought, in all Places within the said City of London, and four and <s'intuf*

twenty Miles on every Side next adjoining to the same City, and within the Fairs of Sturbr ulge and ien r.

Ely, in whole Hands they might be found: (4.) And if they by their Search find any such Ware or Stuff in any Place within the said City of London and four and twenty Miles next adjoining to the same City,

arterengufh menhavechofen Horns, Strangers o'ay buy the Residue.

X Jac, ik C 55.

Thr Complaint rhat Strangers 4.0 buy english Hoi ns un wrought.

Part of the Statute of 4 Ed. 4. C 8. revived, touching Horns.

None shall sell English Horna unwrought to a Stranger,

What Debts only may be affixed to the King. Hob. zft.

Hugh, V 1, 589.

4 Ed. 4. C I. Certain coarse Clothes made in the North which shall not be parched or foaled, nor Cull in nor Aulnags paid for them.

C 15^ 16. Anno septimo Jacobi I. A.D. 1609.

P*n.

or within the Fairs of sturbridge&tid Ely, in Whose Hands soever they be to sell, that was defective aired insufficientj it should be lawful to them to take the same Ware and Stuff, and bring it before the Mayoi

of the said City of London, the Mayors or Bailiffs of the aforesaid Fairs for the Time; (5) and the same there being proved defective, to be forfeit, the one Half thereof to our Sovereign Lord the King, and the other Half to the said Wardens, to be ordered at their Pleasure: In which said Act it is pro. ' vided, That after that Men of the said Occupation within this Land have taken out and chosen such and as many Horns as should be needful to their Occupation, that then it should be lawful to them all, and to every of them, 'and other Persons of this Realm of England, to sell and deliver all the Horns refuled, C which be not able to be occupied in their Mystery, to any Stranger or other Person, to send or carry be yond the Sea, or elsewhere, as should please them: (7) The which Act in the Parliament held at

Westmnfler in the first Year of your Highness Reign, was wholly repealed and made void

' III Forasmuch as since the Repealing of the said Act, Strangers and Aliens by the Hands of diverse

of their Fadters, Servants and Dealers for them, have and do (as before the making of the said

of Edward the Fourth they did, that is) daily buy up and procure unto themselves the great and chief Stuff of english, Horns unwrought, of Tanners and butchers, and otherwise, and do daily cen vey and carry them beyond the Seas, and there make them into diverse Works, whereby many House holders of your majesty's! Subjectsj' that lived and maintained their Families, and paid Subsidies and other Duties' to your Highness, by the Benefit of their Labour in working the said Horns, having no other Trade or Means by Labour to maintain and keep themselves, their Wives and Children, ' the Company being greatly increased, and the stuff altogether in a manner transported, occasioneth such a Decrease of the ware, as hereby the Company is grown so poor and decayed, as inlhort Time, '..if Remedy be not provided, they and theirs shall be utterly undone: (2) And also by the repealing of the said Act, the Wardens of the said Horners of the said City of London are disabled to search the the Wares belonging to their said Craft, as well within the said City, as in other Places in the said Act mentioned, and have lost their Government in their Company (3) Therefore pleaseth it your Highness, That it may be enacted by your most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Part and Point thereof, (except Power of Search within the Fairs of Stourbridge and Ely, and except the Limitation of such Prices for Horns as they were to be had for at the making of the said Act) shall be revived, and be of like Force, Power and Virtue from henceforth, as if the same had not been repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall sell any English Horns unwrought to any Stranger, or send any enejish Horns unwrought over the Sea, contrary to the true Meaning of the said Act; (2) upon Pain of Forfeiture of double the Value of the Horns lo by him or them so sold or sent; same Forfeiture to be recovered by him or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record; the one Moiety thereof to be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same; in which Suit no Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law to be admitted for the defendant,

CAP. XV.

An Act concerning some Manner of Alignment of Debts to his Majesty.

WHEREAS it is conceived that some Manner of Assignments of Debts, if they should be made Vy to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the same would be inconvenient: 'His Majesty therefore is well pleated that it be enacted, (2) and be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That no Debt shall at any Time after the first Day of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God pne thousand six hundred and ten, be assigned to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by or from any Debtor or Accountant to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, other than such Debts ns did before grow due originally to the King's Debtor or Accountant bona fide, (3) and that all Grants and Assignments of Debts to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which from and after the said first Day of July shall be had or made contrary to the true Intent of this Act, shall be void and of no Force; any Law, Cullom, Privilege or Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the Encouragement of many poor People in Cumberland and Westmorland, and in the Towns and Parishes of carptmell Oxhead and Broughton in the County of Lancaster, to continue a Trade of making Cogware, Kendals, Carpcmeals and coarse

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the ninth Year of the late King Henry the Fourth, it was enacted, That no Cloth called Kendals (whereof the Dozen passed not six Shillings and eight pence) Should be sealed with the King's Seal, nor Aulnage great nor little to be paid for the same

' (2) And that the Owners might freely sell the said Clothes not sealed, without forfeiting anything to the King for the same, notwithstanding any Statute or Ordinance made to the contrary: (3) Sitheuce the making of which Statute the said Kendals, and other coarse Things of like Nature, and made of the like coarse Wool, and differing in Name only, called Cogware, coarse Cottons and Carptmeak,

Anno septimo Jacobi I. C. 17 — 19.

87

' have been made in such Sort as the Parties which made the same were able, and as best might The of please the Buyer, without being limited to any certain Weight, or to any Assize of Length or Breadth, h, " CI

' and were never searched nor foaled with any Seal, nor subject to any Penalty for the not sealing loue iung Kendal

thereof with any Seal, nor any Subsidy nor Aulnage paid for the same, until of late that certain evil disposed Persons, contrary to the true Meaning of the said Law, have by Colour of a late Statute

made in the nine and thirtieth Years the Reign of the late Queen jelizabeth, intituled, An Act agavij} 39ei1z. c.jo.

' the deceitful Stretching and Centering of Northern Cloth, endeavoured to make the said Cogware, Kendais,

Carptineals and coarse Cottons, subject to Search, and have demanded for the same diverse several Sums of Money for the Sea! of the Collector of the Subsidy and Aulnage, to the great Vexation and Trouble of the said poor People: ' '. n u

If. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, with the Consent of the Lords Certain esarfe Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, 'in this present Parliament assembled, That from hence North Haris" forth all Cogware, Kendais, coarse Costons and Carptmeals which arc, or hereafter shall be made which mall not' within the said Counties of 'Cumberland and Westmorland, ox within the said towns and Parishes of be Marched nor Carptmcalc, Haivkcshed and Broughton in the said County of Lancaster, whereof the Dozen 'shall not ex jwi coed the Rate and Price of thirteen Shilling's and fourpence'be' made in such Sort as may bed: jicns edeting please the Buyer, and shall not be searched nor sealed with any of the King's Seals, nor with any other ttmn, iz Car. Seal, nor any Subsidy or Aulnage, great or little, paid for the same: (, z) But. that the Owners of such li&fcar.i cs. Cogwares, Kendais, coarse Cottons and Carptmeals, may freely sell the same not sealed, as they have n&ihkf .20' been accustomed, without forfeiting anything to the King for the same; any Law or Statute, or any 6 ct 9. Brandi or Clause of any Law or Statute heretofore made to the contrary notwithstanding. \oann.'c'.tt>.

1 Geo. I. C 15 41. _ it Geo. I. C 14. 7 Geo. 2. C5, 11 Geo. 2. C zand 14 Geo. 2. c. 35.

: i

All Per lorn within Devon' and Cornwall may fetch Sea sand for the Manuring of their Land. Sea sand is profitable for the hettsii 'g ot Land.

CAP. XVII.

There shall be no. Burning of Ling, Heath, C in certain Counties in Summer. EXP. moor burning.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the taking, landing and carying of; Sea sand for the Bettering of Ground, and for the Increase of Corn and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

WHEREAS the Sea sand, by long Trial and Experience, hath been found to be very profitable for the Bettering of Land, and especially for the Increase" of Corn and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall', where the most Part of the Inhabitants have not commonly used any other worth, for the Bettering of their arable Grounds and Pastures: notwithstanding diverse having Lands adjoining to the Sea Sea coasts there, 'have of late interrupted the Bargemen, and such others as have used at their free Wills and Pleasures to fetch the said Sea sand, to take the same under the full sea mark, as they have heretofore used to do, unless they make Composition with them at such Rates as they themselves set down, though they have very small or no Damage or Loss thereby, to the great Decay and Hindrance of Husbandry and Tillage within the said Counties: (2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons whatsoever, refiant and dwelling within the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, to fetch and take Sea sand at all Places under the full sea mark, where the same isor shall be cad by the'

Sea, for the Bettering of their Land, and for the Increase of Corn and Tillage., at their Wills and Pleasures, ",

And that it shall and maybe also lawful to and for all Bargemen and Boatmen; and all other Carriers of Sea sand of the said Counties, that shall fetch or take Sand as aforesaid, to land and cad out of their Boats and Barges such Sand as they shall so fetch or take, at such Places as Sand hath at any Time within the Space of fifty Years lad pad been used bytuch Bargemen and Boatmen to be landed and cad, and also to fetch and carry the same by and through such Ways as now be, and by the Space of twenty Years lad pad have been, used for the carrying and fetching thereof, paying for the taking, cading out and landing of every barge load, boat load or Sack of the said Sand, upon the Grounds of any Man, such Duties as heretofore within the said Time of fifty Years have been used and aecudomed to be paid for the same, and for Passage by and through the said Ways; such Duties as have usually been paid by the said Space of twenty Years, and in such Manner and form as the same within the said several Times have respectively been used and accaomed to be paid: (2) And in such Places where certain usual Duties have not been paid, but uncertain Compositions have from Time to Time been made by Agreement with the Owners of the Soil there, to yield such reasonable Compositions as by agree' inent with the said Owners shall from Time to Time be made.

III. This Act to continue until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car, 1. C 4. continued unto the End of the first Session of the next. Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Cai. 1. C 4.]

Postmen may fetch Sea sand, -1 and cart it out of their Boats where it hath been ured to be landed, and carry the same through usual Ways.

The. Continuance of this a ft.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Continuance and Reparation of a new built Wear upon the River of Exs, near unto the Not this City of Exeter. The new Wear shall be maintained, and Recommence shall be made to Losers !?n, ?'Allie thereby.*rou' fr'

A.D. 1609.

C 20 — -24. Anno septimo Jacobi I.

PR.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the speedy Recovery of many thousand Acres of Marsh Ground, and other Ground within the Counties ot Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in diverse Parts of the said Counties, and for the Prevention of the Danger of the like surroundine hereafter.

PR.

Whereas the Sea hath broken into the County of Norfolk, and hath surrounded much hard Grounds, besides the greatest Part of the Marshes and low Grounds within the Towns and Parishes hereafter mentioned, that is to say, the Towns and Parishes of Waxtonesham, Passing, Eccles, Hempfted, Ingham, Hickling, Horsey, Potter, Higham, Catfield, Ludham, Winterton, East somerton, west somerton, Martham, Bajvwuke, Repps, Thurne, Oby, Clippefby, Bilockby, wood Bajlickhorning, Ranworth, south jvalsham, Upton, Fishley, Acte, Castor St. Edmunds, Castor maltbey, Rimham, Herringby borough, Stocksby, Buxton, Horflead, jvroxham, Sallowed, Hof tonne. Below, Coltfel, Hobbins, Lammas, Netijhead, Barton, Sutton, Stalbam, Tunjfe!, 'Halvergate, Wiekhampton, Thorpe, Redham, Limpenhow, Cantley, Haffngham, bucken ham Ferry, Sfirumfel, Brundel, Pofwick Thorpe juxta Norwich, Turlton, Norton, Hardley, Langley, Carleion, Glaxton, Rockland, Surlhigham, Bramerton, jvicklingham, Trowfe, Carrow, Haddejlow, whiteacre borough, whiteacre abbey, Gellingham, in the said County of Norfolk: And Gorlefon, Gapton, brad well, Borough caffe, Berkleffe, Bafiam, jvorlingham, Belton, Fretton, St. Toolies, alias, St. Olives, Hcrringfeet, Somerley Town, Shepton, Owlton, Kirkley and Barkley, in the said County of Suffolk: For Remedy of so great Calamity, it is enacted, That the Lord Chancellor shall from Time to Time award Commissions under the Great Seal to the Lord Bishop of Norwich, and to any eleven or more juliices of the Peace of Norfolk, and six or more Justices of the Peace of Suffolk, after such Tenor as hereafter followeth, that is to say:

' TY EX, C Reverendo in Christo Patria. Episcopo Norwicenli, nec non A.B. C D. salutem. the commissionJtv SCIATIS, quod assignavimus vos & quoffibet sex, five plures vestrum, ad omnia & lingula ners to inquire supervidenda, perluftranda, mandanda, facienaa, performanda, exequenda & peragenda, in quodam tbrovtfldctu, t*au 'n Parliament Domini J AC OBI, Dei Gratia, Regis Angliae, C nono die Februarii anno Regni ings happened, ' fui Anglia, Franciae & Hiberniae septimo, & Scot ire quadragesimo tertio, per diverfas Prorogationes apud and who ought Weltmonafterium tento, edito, intitulato, 'An Act for the speedy Recovery of many thousand Acres of to^ax theper' Marsh grounds, and other Grounds within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by tonnes and Lands the Sea in diverse Parts of the said Counties, and for the Prevention of the Danger of like surrounding chargeable. hereafter, specificata secundum tenorem, vim, forman, effeclum & veram intentionem ejusdem actus; ners may^thol^cujus rei testimonium, C Teste, C

rize others to

levy the Money assessed. Imprisonment for Dafault of Distress. If the Lessee of the Land charged do pay the Sum taxed, he may abate of the Rent. The Commissioners may make Orders for the Preservation of the Grounds, and amend the same. The Commissioners may affrfs the Kintfs Farmers of any Lands to be contributary, The Commissioners Decrees shall bind the King and all other Persons Lands. In what Case the Commissioners may sell or let to Farm the Land of the Party taxed. The Sheriffs of Norfolk and Suffolk shall return Juries before the Commissioners. Ail Sheriffs and Officers flail attend and aid the Commissioners.

The Form of the Commission

To continue seven Years next ensuing the End of this Session, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the then next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. i. C 4.]

CAP. XXL

PR. An Act for Confirmation of Decrees hereafter to be made in the Exchequer chamber, and Duchy

Court, concerning Copyhold Lands and Tenements. Certain of the King's Copyholders Estates shall be confirmed by Decree. Decrees made concerning the King's Cophold Tenants confirmed by Parliament. A Saving of the Rights and Actions of others.

CAP. XXII.

Taxes. A Confirmation of a Subsidy granted by the Clergy to the King.

EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

Ibid. One Subsidy and one Fifteen granted to the King by the Temporally.

EXP.

CAP. XXIV '

Pardon. A Confirmation of the King's General and Free Pardon, except, tdc.

EXP.

Anno decimo octavo Jacobi Regis.

CAP. I.

Three entire Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

EXP.

CAP. II.

Two entire Subsidies granted by the Temporalty,

EXP.

Anno

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Angliae, Scotiae, Francias, & hiber nias, viz. Angliae, Francis & Hiberniae vicesimo priino, & Scotiae quinquagesimo septimo.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the nineteenth Day of February in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord James, by the Grace of God,

of England, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, sv. and of Scotland the seven and fiftieth: And there continued until the nine and twentieth Day of May following: And then prorogued until the second Day of November one thousand six hundred twenty-four; To the high Pleasure of Almighty God, and to the Weal public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

An Act for the Reviving and Making perpetual of one Ad made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for erecting of Hospitals, and Abiding and Working Houses or the Poor.

WHEREAS in the Parliament held in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen The statute of

Elizabeth of happy Memory, a good Law was made, intituled, An Act for ereiting of Hospitals, made perpetual.

or Abiding and Working Houses for the Poor, but the Power, Licence and Authority given by the said rm V 16. 414

Statute, to erect, sound and establish such Houses and abiding places, as are therein mentioned, was S'

' confined to the Space of twenty Years then next ensuing, which said Time is now expired: '

II. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the said Act and all Things therein contained, shall from henceforth be revived and made perpetual, to have Continuance for ever.

III. And be it also enacted, That all.hospitalts, Maisons de Dieu, and abiding places for Poor, lame. The Erection of

maimed and impotent People, or for Houses of Correction, at any Time since the said twenty Years ex Expital

pired erected, founded or made, or at any Time hereafter to be erected, founded or made, according to tion of 39 Eiiz. " the Purport of the said Statute, shall be incorporated, and have perpetual Succession and Capacity, to C 5. confirmed, have, take and enjoy all other Privileges, Benefits and Immunities, to all Intents and Purposes, according 2i

to the Provisions, Tenor, Purport and true Meaning of the said Act, as if the same had been made, e. n. founded or endowed within the Space of twenty Years next ensuing the said Statute. 43 Eliz. C 4. 7 leap.

II

ian Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

f I'HE King's most excellent Majesty, of his blessed and gracious Disposition, and abundant Grace, de Concealed Lands X firing that his lovingsubjedts, and their Heirs and successors, may quietly have and hold all and ^ere^unless Angular Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which they, their Ancestors or predecessors, or miy b'eproved any other by, from or under whom they clajm, have of long Time enjoyed, is graciously nleased that it that the King be enacted; (z) And be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Assent and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and sixty wears by the Authority of the same, That the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, shall not at any Time before this Par. hereafter sue, impeach, question or implead any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or

in any wise concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments, other than n'

Liberties and Franchises, or for or in any wise concerning the Revenues, Issues or Profits thereof, or '

make any Title, Claim, Challenge or Demand, of, in or to the same, or any of them, by reason of any

(Right or Title accrued and grown threescore Years past and more, and now in effe, unless his Majesty or some of his Progenitors, predecessors or Ancestors, or Tome other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,; under whom his Majesty anything hath or lawfully claimeth, have been answered by Force' and Virtue of any such Right or Title to the same, the Rents, Revenues, Issues or Profits thereof, within threescore Years next before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament, or that the same have been duly in Charge to his Majesty, or the late Queen Elizabeth, or have flood insuper of Record within the said Space of threescore Years: (3) And that every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their I leirs and Successors, and all claiming by, from or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several Estates and Interests, which they have or claim to have in the same respectively, shall hereafter quietly and freely have, hold and enjoy, against his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, claiming lw any Title accrued or grown threescore Years pastor above, and now in effe, all and sin

felar Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes and Hereditaments whatsoever, except Liberties and anchises, which he or they, or his or their, or any of their Ancestors or predeceltbrs, or those from, by or under whom they claim, have held or enjoyed, or taken the Rents, Revenues, issues or Profits thereof,

This Act shall not impeach the King's Title to any Reversion or Remainder,

This Act shall fwt extend to alter the Tenures or Services of Lands,

The Right of others Lived, L Mod. 179.

ft shall not extend to annul the Custom of twopence paid

C 2. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

by the Space of threescore Years next before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament, unless his Majesty, or some of his Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, or some other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by, from or under whom his Majesty anything hath or lawfully claimeth in the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments, by Force of any Right or Title, have been answered by Virtue of any such Right or Title, the Rents, Revenues, Issues or other Profits thereof, within threescore Years next before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament, or that the same have been duly in Charge, or flood insuper of Record as aforesaid, within the said Space of threescore Years: (4) And furthermore, that every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and successors, and all claiming by, from or under them, or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several Estates and Interests which they have or claim respectively, shall quietly and freely have, hold and enjoy all such Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes and Hereditaments, except Liberties and Franchises, as they now have, claim or enjoy, (whereof his Majesty, his Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, or he or they, by, from or under whom his Majesty anything hath or lawfully claimeth, or some of them, by Force of some Right or Title to the same, have not been answered by Virtue of such Right or Title, the Rents, Revenues, Issues or Profits thereof, within threescore Years next before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament;,) Nor the same have been duly in Charge, or flood insuper of Record as aforesaid, within the said Space of threescore Years, against all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, having, claiming or pretending to have any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim or Demand whatsoever, of, in or to the same, by Force or Colour of any Letters Patents or Grants upon Suggestion of Concealment, or wrongful Detaining, or not being in Charge, or defective Titles, or by, from or under any Patentees or Grantees, or any Letters Patents or Grants upon Suggestion of Concealment, or wrongful Detaining, or not being in Charge, or defective Titles, of or for which said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes and Hereditaments, or any of them, no Verdict, Judgement, Decree, judicial Order upon Hearing, or Sentence now (landing in Force, hath been had or given in any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for or in the Name of the King's Majesty, or of the late Queen Elizabeth, or for any of the said Patentees or Grantees, or for their or any of their Heirs or Assigns, within threescore Years next before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament.

Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to bar, impeach or hinder his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of, for or from any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments, whereof any Reversion or Remainder now is in his Majesty, for or concerning the said Reversion or Remainder; (2) nor of, for or from any Reversion or Remainder, or Possibility of Reversion or Remainder, in any of his Majesty's Progenitors, or Predecessors or Ancestors, which by the Expiration, End or other Determination of any limited Estate of fee simple, or of any fee tail or other particular Estate, hath or ought to have fallen or become in Possession within, the Space of threescore Years next before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament: (3) Nor of, for or from any Right or Title first accrued of grown to his Majesty, or any of his Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, of, in or to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments, within the Space of threescore Years next before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament, and not before.'

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by Authority of this, present Parliament, That this Act or anything therein contained shall not extend to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majesty's Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any Person or Persons, of any limited Estate in fee simple, or of any Estate in Tail or other particular Estate, which several Estates (if the same had been good and effectual in Law) have or ought to have fallen or become in Possession within threescore Years next before the beginning of this present Session of Parliament, nor to any Manors, Lands, Tenements. Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majesty's Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any Person or per foris, in fee tail, or other particular Estate, whereof the Reversion or Inheritance (if such effate tail or other particular Estate had been good and effectual in Law) should have been and continued in his Majesty, the first Day of this present Session of Parliament.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and Angular the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be held of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and of other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors respectively, by the same Tenures, Services, fee farms, chief rents, Herriots and other Duties, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same should or ought of Right to have been held, if the Estates, Rights and Interests established and' made sure by this present Act had been before the Making of this Act firm, good and effectual in Law: (2) Saving to every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, (other than his most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than all Patentees or Grantees of Concealments or defective Title's, and all and every Person or Persons claiming from, by or under them or any of them, for, in respect, or by Reason of any such Patents or Grants of Concealments or defective Titles) all such Rights, Title, Interest, Estate, Rents, Commons, cuf tonis. Duties, Profits and other Claims and Demands whatsoever, in, to or out of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tithes or Hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to debar his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or from such Claim and Demand as his Majesty hath made, or may rightfully make, unto a certain Duty or Custom of twopence upon a Chaldron of sea coal, to be

paid

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I,

C 3.

9i

paid in the Port of the Town of newcajue upon Tine, with the Members thereof, but that the same jr coal at shall be and remain in such Sort and Degree as if this Act had never been had or made,

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any fee-farm Rent, or other Rent or Rents, aii Rents an

have been answered and paid to the King's Majesty, or to any his Predecessors, by the more Part of fwered witivn threescore Years last past, out of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of which Manors, con

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Estates, Rights or Interests being defective, are established

and made Cure by this Present Act; That the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall from henceforth for ever have, hold and enjoy the said Rents and Arrearages thereof, in such Manner and Form, and as fully and amply, as the same were enjoyed by the more Part of threescore Years last past before the Beginning of this Session of Parliament.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no putting the king stitje in Charge, nor (landing Insuper, nor taking or answering the farm rents, Revenues or Profits of any of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by Force, Colour or Pretext of any Letters Patents, or rmy Years, Grants of Concealments, or defective Titles, or of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments out of Charge, ought to accrue or by Force, Colour or Pretext of any Inquisitions, Presentments or by Reason of any Commission, or Demuner other Authority to find out Concealments, defective Titles, or Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments out and no: of Charge, shall be deemed, construed or taken to be a putting in Charge, handing Insuper, or taking or uijon_ a bare answering the farm rents, Revenues or Profits, by or to his Majesty, or any of his Progenitors or Prede sjarglorriand cessors, unless thereupon such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, have been upon any Information or ing insuper. Suit, on the Behalf of his Majesty, or of any his Progenitors or Predecessors, upon a lawful Verdict given, or Demurrer in Law adjudged, or upon a Hearing ordered or decreed for his Majesty, or any of his Progenitors or Predecessors, or of any of them within the said Space of threescore Years.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not ex This afi/ball tend, or be prejudicial to his Majesty, for or concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Heredita land fisavbb't ments, for which any Composition is, or before the End of this Session of Parliament, shall be made with Composition is his Majesty's Commissioners for defective Titles, and the Moneys by such Compositions payable to his or shall be matte Majesty not paid before the End of this Session of Parliament, unless the said Moneys shall be paid, and paerua. his Majesty's Letters Patents procured according to the true Intent of such Compositions, within three ment.

Months after the End of this Session of Parliament.

CAP. III.

An Act concerning Monopolies and Dispensations with Penal Laws, and the Forfeitures thereof.

Forasmuch as your most excellent Majesty, in your Royal Judgement, and of your blessed Disposition Monopolies, C

' P to the Weal and Quiet of your Subjects, did in the Year of our Lord God one thousand IX hun law^ofthv B ' dred and ten, publishin Print to the whole Realm, and to all Posterity, That all Grants and Monopo Realm.

' lies, and of the Benefit of any Penal Laws, or of Power to dispense with the Law, or to compound for the Forfeiture, are contrary to your Majesty's Laws, which your Majesty's Declaration is truly conlonant style 214.

and agreeable to the ancient and fundamental Laws of this your Realm: (z) And whereas your Majesty 3 imt. 1s1,

was further graciously pleased, exprefty to command, that no Suiter mould presume to move your C

f Majesty for Matters of that Nature; (3) yet nevertheless upon Misinformations, and untrue Pretences of public Good, many such Grants have been unduly obtained, and unlawfully put in Execution, r to the great Grievance and Inconvenience of your majesty's Subjects, contrary to the Laws of this your Realm, and contrary to your majesty's most Royal and Blessed Intention so published as aforesaid:

For avoiding whereof, and preventing of the like in Time to come, May it please your excellent Majesty, at the humble Suit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That it may be declared and enacted; (5) and be it declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That all Monopolies, and all Commissions, Grants, Licences,

Charters and Letters Patents heretofore made or granted, or hereafter to be made or granted, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, of or for the sole Buying, Selling, Making,

Working or Using of any Tiling within this Realm, or the Dominion of ivales, (6) or of any other Monopolies, or of Power, Liberty or Faculty, to dispense with any others, or to give Licence or Toleration to do, use or exercise anything against the Tenor or Purport of any Law or Statute; (7) or to give or make any Warrant for any such Dispensation, Licence or Toleration to be had or made; or to agree or compound with any others for any Penalty or Forfeitures limited be any Statute; or of any Grant or Promise of the Benefit, Profit or Commodity of any Forfeiture, Penalty or Sum of Money, that is or shall be due by any Statute, before Judgement thereupon had; (8) and all Proclamations, 'Inhibitions, Restraints, Warrants of Assistance, and all other Matters and Things whatsoever, any way tending to the Instituting, Erecting, Strengthening, Furthering or Countenancing of the same of any of them; (9) are altogether contrary to the Laws of this Realm, and foareand shall be utterly void 3mod.jji. and of none effect, and in no wise to be put in Ure or Execution.

II. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monopolies, and all Monopolies, e. such Commissions, Grants, Licences, Charters, Letters Patents, Proclamations, Inhibitions, Restraints, -- Warrants of Assistance, and all other Matters and Things tending as aforesaid, and the Force and Vali la\vs°of this: dity of them and of every of them, ought to be' and shall be for ever hereafter examined, heard, tried Realm,

and determined by and according to the Common Lavys of this Realm, and not otherwise' 11

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Person and Persons, Bodies Politic All Persons dic and Corporate whatsoever, which now are or hereafter shall be, shall stand and be disabled and uncapabie

92 C. 3. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

to have, use, exercise or put in Ure any Monopoly, or any such Commission, Grant, Licence, Charter, Letters Patents, Proclamation, Inhibition, Restraint, Warrant of Assistance, or other Matter or Thing tending as aforesaid, or any Liberty, Power or Faculty, grounded or pretended to be grounded upon them or any of them.

The Pany

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons at any Time

tettofd.^mono aer the End of forty Days next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be hindered, poly, C mall grieved, disturbed or disquieted, or his or their Goods or Chattels any Way seized, attached, distrained, recover treble taken, carried away or detained, by Occasion or Pretext of any Monopoly, or of any such Commission. Grant, Licence, Power, Liberty, Faculty, Letters Patents, Proclamation, Inhibition, Restraint, Warrant of Assistance, or other Matter or Thing tending as aforesaid, and will sue to be relieved in or for any of the Premisses; That then and in every such Care, the same Person and Persons shall and may have his and their Remedy for the same at the common-law, by any Action or Actions to be grounded upon this Statute, the same Action and Actions to be heard and determined in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer or in any of them, against him or them by ]whom he or they shall be so hindered, grieved, disturbed or disquieted, or against him or them by whom his or their Goods or Chattels shall be so seized, attached, distrained, taken, carried away or detained; (2) wherein all and every such Person and Persons which shall be so hindered, grieved, disturbed or disquieted, or whose Goods or Chattels shall be so seized, attached, distrained, taken, carried away or detained, shall recover three Times so much as the Damages which he or they sustained by Means or Occasion of being so hindered, grieved, disturbed or disquieted, or by Means of having his or their Goods or Chattels seized, attached, distrained, taken, carried away or detained, and double Costs; and in such Suits, or for the Staying or Delaying thereof, no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Aid Prayer, Privilege, Injunction or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise prayed, granted, admitted or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance: Hethatdelayeth (4) And if any Person or Persons shall, after Notice given, that the Action depending is grounded upon an Action this Statute, cause or procure any Action at the common-law, grounded upon this Stetute, to be stayed or delayed before Judgement, by Colour or Means of any Order, Warrant, Power or Authority, save curs a Prsmu only of the Court wherein such Action as aforesaid shall be brought and depending, or after Judgement nire. had upon such Action, shall cause or procure the Execution of or upon any such Judgement to be stayed

or delayed by Colour or Means of any Order, Warrant, Power or Authority, save only by Writ of Error or Attaint; That then the said Person and Persons so offending shall incur and sustain the Pains, Penal 16 r.a. C 3. tics and Forfeitures, ordained and provided by the Statute of rrovision and Pramunire made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second.

Letters Patents V. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared and enacted, That any Declaration before mentioned nufafturesma" not extend to any Letters Patents and Grants of Privilege for the Term of one and twenty Years or raved, 'under, heretofore made, of the sole Working or Making of any Manner of new Manufacture within this Realm, to the first and true Inventor or Inventors of such Manufactures, which others at the Time of the Making of such Letters Patents and Grants did not use, so. they be not contrary to the Law, nor mischievous to the State, by Railing of the Prices of Commodities at home, or hurt of Trade, or generally inconvenient, but that the same shall be of such Force as they were or should be, if this Act had not been made, and of none other: (z) And if the same were made for more than one and twenty Years, That then the same for the Term of one and twenty Years only, tcrbe accounted from the Date of the first Letters Patents and Grants thereof made, shall be of such Force as they were or should have been, if the same had been made but for Term of one and twenty Years only, and as if this Act had never been had or made, and of none other.

VI. Provided also, and be it declared and enacted, That any Declaration before mentioned shall not extend to any Letters Patents and Grants of Privilege for the Term of fourteen Years or under, hereafter to be made, of the lole Working or Making of any Manner of new Manufactures within this Realm, to the true and first Inventor and Inventors of such Manufactures, which others at the Time of Making such Letters Patents and Grants shall not use, so as also they be not contrary to the Law, nor mischievous to the State, by raising Prices of Commodities at home, or Hurt of Trade, or generally inconvenient: The said fourteen Years to be accounted from the Date of the first Letters Patents, or Grant of such Privilege hereafter to be made, but that the same shall be of such Force as they should be, if this Act had never been marie, and of none other.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further intended, declared and enacted by Authority aforesaid, That this Act or anything therein contained shall. in any wise extend, or be prejudical to any Grant or Privilege, Power or Authority whatsoever heretofore made, granted allowed or confirmed by any Act of Parliament now in force, so long as the same shall so continue in Force.

Warrants grant

VIII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to any Warrant or Privy Seal, made or directed t to justices, or to be made or directed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to the Justices of the Courts of the Cavtd. King's Bench or Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, Justices of Assize, Justices of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery, Justices of the Peace, and other Justices for the Time being, having Power to hear and determine Offences done against any Penal Statute, to compound for the Forfeitures of any Penal Statute, depending in Suit and Question before them or any of them respectively, after Plea pleaded by the Party Defendant, charters granted

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby further intended, declared and enacted, That this Act or any favedrp°^t, 0ns' Thing therein contained shall not in any wise extend or be prejudicial unto the City of London, or to any 3 Inst. >85, City, Borough or Town Corporate within this Realm, for or concerning any Grants, Charters or Letters Patents, to them or any of them made or granted, or for or concerning any Custom or Customs used by of within them of any of them; (2) or unto any Corporations, Companies or Fellowships of any Art, Trade,

93

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. C. 3.

Occupation or mystery, or to any Companies or Societies of Merchants within this Realm, erected for the Maintenance, Enlargement, or ordering of any Trade of 'Merchandise; (3) but that the same Charters,

Customs, Corporations, Companies, Fellowships and Societies and their liberties, Privileges, Powers and Immunities, shall be and continue of such Force and Effect as they were before the Making of this Act, and of none other 3 anything before in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Declaration, Provision, Disablement, Pe letters patents nalty, Forfeiture, or other Thing before mentioned, shall not extend to any Letters Patents or Grants that concern of Privilege heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, of, for or concerning Printing, (2) nor to any j^re'^un 11" Commission, Grant or Letters Patents heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, of, for or concerning powder, great the Digging, Making or Compounding of salt petre or Gunpowder, or the Calling or Making of Ord ordnance, Shot, nance, or Shot for Ordnance, (3) nor to any Grant or Letters Patents, heretofore made, or hereafter °arvjd;

to be made, of any Office or Offices heretofore erected, made or ordained, and now in Being, and put in Execution, other than such Offices as have been decried by any his Majesty's Proclamation or Proclamations: (4) But that all and every the same Grants, Commissions and Letters Patents, and all other Matters and Things tending to the Maintaining, Strengthening and Furtherance of the same, or any of them, shall be and remain of the like Force and Effect, and no other, and as free from the Declarations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act, as if this Act had never been had nor made, and not otherwise

Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Declaration, Provision, Disablement, Pe Act fliau nalty, Forfeiture, or other Thing before mentioned, shall not' extend to any Commission, Grant, let commissions for ters Patents or Privilege heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, of, for or concerning the Digging, auum Mines, Compounding or Making of Alum or Alum Mines, but that all and every the same Commissions,

Grants, Letters Patents and Privileges shall be and remain of the like Force and Effect, and no other, and as free from the Declarations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act, as if this Act had never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Declaration, Provision, Penalty, For Nor to the LI feiture, or other Thing before mentioned, shall not extend or be prejudical to any Use, Custom, Pre be"ies of new feription, Franchise, Freedom, Jurisdiction, Immunity, Liberty or Privilege, heretofore claimed, used or nor to LI enjoyed by the Governors and Stewards, and Brethren of the Fellowship of the boast men of the Towncences of keeper Newcastle upon Tine, or by the ancient Fellowship, Guild or Fraternity, commonly called boast men, ing tavernt,

(2) for or concerning the Selling, Carrying, Lading, Disposing, Shipping, Venting or Trading of or

(or any sea coals, stone coals or pit coals, forth or out of the Haven and River of Tifte; or to any Grant made by the said Governor and Stewards, and Brethren of the Fellowship of the said boast men, to the late Queen Elizabeth, of any Duty or Sum of Money to be paid for or in Respect of any such Coals as aforesaid; (3) nor to any Grants, Letters Patents or Commission, heretofore granted, or hereafter to be granted, of, for or concerning the Licensing of the Keeping of any Tavern or Taverns, or' selling, uttering or retailing of Wines to be drunk or spent in the Mansion House or Houses, or other place in the Tenure or Occupation of the Party or Parties so selling or uttering the same; or for or concerning the Making of any Compositions for such Licences, so as the Benefit of such Compositions be reserved and applied to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and not to the private use of any other Person or Persons.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any Declaration, Provision, Penalty, For norto letttrt feiture, or other Thing before mentioned, shall not extend or be prejudicial to a Grant or Privilege pat|.ntip?me<, i for or concerning the Making of Glass, by his Majesty's Letters Patents under the Great Seal of En Mantel Km

stand, bearing Date the two and twentieth Day of May in the one and twentieth Year of his Majesty's or to James Leign of England, made and granted to Sir Robert Manfel Knight, vice-admiral of England' (2) Nor Maxtwel, > ef<13; to a Grant or Letters Patents bearing Date the twelfth Day of June in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign of England, made to James Maxewell Esquire, concerning, the Transportation of Calves Skins: (3) But that the said several Letters Patents last mentioned shall be and remain of the like.force and Effect, and as free from the Declarations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures before mentioned, assis this act had never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

XIV. Provided also, and be it declared and enabled, That this act, or any Declaration, Provision, Nor to those Penalty, Forfeiture or other Thing before mentioned, shall not extend or be prejudicial to a Grant or granted toabra privilege for or concerning the Making of Smalt, by his Majesty's Letters Patents under the Great Seal am Bak r of England, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of February in the sixteenth Year of his maj.esty's Reign of Dudley. r England, made or granted to Abraham Baker: (2) Nor to a Grant or Privilege, for or concerning the Melting of Iron Ewer, and of Making the same into cast works or Bars with sea coals or pit coals, by his Majesty's Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the twentieth Day of February in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign of England, made or granted to Edward Lord Dudley, (3) but that the same several Letters Patents and Grants shall be and remain of the like Force and Effecf, and as free from the Declarations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures before mentioned, as if this act had never been had nor made, and not otherwise

- AP.

A.D. 1623.

C 4. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Ease of the Subject, concerning Informations upon Penal Statutes.

st.se/. C 5. { WHEREAS the Offences against diverse and sundry Penal Laws and Statutes of this Realm

iponipenainsta*VY may better, and with more Ease and less Charge to the Subject, be commenced, sued, informed lutes shall be ' against, prosecuted and tried in the Counties where such Offences shall be committed: (2) And whereas prafecuted in the the poor Commons of this Realm are grievously charged, troubled, vexed, molested and disturbed by theuofsince sere fivers troublesome Persons, commonly called Relators, Informers and Promoters, by prosecuting and werecommitted. ' enforcing them to appear in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and to answer Offences supposed by 172.*them to be committed against the said Penal Laws and Statutes, or else to compound with them for the

i4o^c6't8i3' same: '(3) fr Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all 3*i!35' Offences hereafter to be committed against any Penal Statute, for which any common Informer or Pro

8. moter may lawfully ground any popular Atftion, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, before Justices of Af

lakh igxv f'ze> Justices of Nijigrins or gaol delivery, Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of Peace in their

jhetiey 103. General or quarter beffons, shall after the End of this present. Session of Parliament be commenced,

5 Mod. 225. sued, prosecuted, tried, recovered and determined, by Way of action, Plaint, Bill, Information or in jjg' dichnent, before the Justices of Assize, Justices of Nisi prius, Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Justices

Jones 193. of gaol delivery, pr before the Justices of Peace of every County, City, Borough or Town Corporate,

y n. 394. and Liberty, having power to inquire of, hear and determine the same, within this Realm of England,

ale 1' 'or Dominion of Wales, wherein such Offences shall be committed, in any of the Courts, Places of ju zh.iw.p. c. c. 26. dicature, or Liberties aforesaid respectively, only at the Choice of the Parties which shall or will commence Suit or prosecute for the same, and not elsewhere, save only in the said Counties, or Places usual

for those Counties, or any of them: jj and that the like Process upon every popular Action, Bill,

Plaint, Information or Suit, to be commenced, or sued. prosecuted after the End of this present Session of Parliament, by Force of or according to the Purport of this act, be had and awarded, to all Intents and Purposes, as in an aion of Trespass: & Jrmis, at the common-law; (y) and that all i iii'uf5' and all Manner oftnformations, actions, Bills, Plaints and Suits whatsoever, hereafter to be commenced,

CV'sued, prosecuted or awarded, either by the Attorney General of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors for the Time being, or by any Officer or Officers whatsoever for the Time being, or by any common Informer or other Person whatsoever, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for or concerning any of the Offences, Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, shall be void and of none Effect; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Upon Default of H.' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Informations to be exhibited, and offence was Bills, Counts, Plaints and Declarations, in any action or Suit to be commenced against any Person committed in or persons, either by or on the Behalf of the King, or any other, for or concerning any Offence com the same County mitted or to be committed against any Penal Statute, the Offence shall be laid and alleged to have fhaipbe^found1 been committed in the said County where such Offence was in Truth committed, and not elsewhere: Not guilty. (2) And if. the Defendant to any such Information, aion or Suit, pleadeth that he oweth nothing, or Carthew 290. that he is not guilty; and the Plaintiff or Informer in such Information, action or Suit, upon Evi hutt.98. ' dence to the Jury, that shall try such Issue, shall not both prove the Offence laid in the said infor 3j.ro.7l. mation, action of Suit, and that the same Offence was committed in that County; then the Defendant z'mod. 246. and Defendants shall be found not guilty.

The informer And be it further enacted dy the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer or blinifter in any Court Anil make Oath of Record shall receive, rile or enter of Record any Information, Bill or Plaint, Count or Declaration, that the offence grounded.upon the said Penal Statutes or any of them, which before by this at are appointed to be in the°ftmetted beard and determined in their proper Counties, until the Informer or Relator hath first taken a cor county where poral Oath before some of the Judges of that Court, that the Offence or Offences laid in such infor the Suit is com itiation, action, Suit or Plaint, was or were not committed in any other County than where by the isslk.372 37-. Information; Bill, Plaint, Count or Declaration, the same is or are supposed to have been committed, and that he believeth in his Conscience, the Offence was committed within a Year before the Information or Suit, within the same County where the said Information or Suit was committed, the same Oath to be there entered of Record.

The Defendant

IV. And be it alfo1 enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Information, Suit or a6hon shall uon^panave be brought or exhibited against any Person or Persons, for any Offence committed or to be committed nai statute may against the Form of any Penal Law, either by or on the Behalf of the King, or by any other, or on plead the Gene the Behalf of the King and any other, it shall be lawful for such Defendants to plead the General la Uf' Issue, that they are not guilty, or that they owe nothing, and to give such special blatter in Evidence to the Jury that hall try the same, which Matter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficient blatter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants against the said Information, Suit or arion, and the said Matters shall be then as available to him or them, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had sufficieutly pleaded, set forth or alleged the same Matter in Bar, or Discharge of such Information, Suit or action.

°ffcnc£s .' V. Provided always, That this act, or any Clause contained therein, shall not extend to any Information, Suit or action, grounded upon any Law or Statute made against Popish Recusants, or for or concerning Pop iff Recti fancy, or against those that shall not frequent the Church and hear Divine Service: (2) nor to any Information, Suit or action, for Maintenance, Champerty, or Buying of Titles; (3) nor to any Suit or Information grounded upon the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of our 3 Sove

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I.

C 5, 6,

95

Sovereign Lord the King, of a Subsidy granted to the King, of Tonnage, Poundage, Wool, C. 4) jac n C 33* nor for or concerning the concealing or defrauding.she^king, his Heirs or Successors, of any Custom, fanberprovlfim Tonnage, Poundage, Subsidy, Import or Prisage; (5) or for. transporting of Gold, Silver, Ordnance, relating f*nt». Powder, Shot, Munition of all Sorts, Wool, wool fells or xeatba#, but that such Offence may be laid.'t£ % s/^' or alleged to be in any County, at the Pleasure of any Informer; anything in this Act to the cong Am., " zo. trary notwithstanding. 18 Eh C 5.

CAP. V.

An Act that Sheriffs, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, having a Quietus eft, shall be

absolutely discharged of their Accounts.

ttorafmueh as diverse Sheriffs of several Counties within this Realm of England and Dominion of Walesi* Ed. 4. C 1.

X' have been of late much troubled and vexed long Time after that they have parted their Accounts,

and had their Quietus eft, and charged a new with Arrearages, Debts and other Sums of Money pre sheriff(haiidif tended to have been by them levied and received, and not formerly accounted for, to the great Discharge him of

couragement of others, to take upon them the said Office:"(2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's? mcrft excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whensoever any Sheriff or Sheriffs within this Realm of England or Dominion of Wales, upon the Parting of their Accounts, shall have their Quietus ejl, That then and from thenceforth the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Lands,

Tenements, Goods and Chattels, shall be absolutely discharged of all Manner of Sum or Sums of Money which he or they shall have so levied or received, and pretended' not to be accounted for within the said Account whereupon he or they had their Quietus ejl, unless such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall be called The officer tbaa in Question for such Sum or Sums of Money pretended to be levied and received, and not accounted vexeih the she, for, within the Space of four Years after the Time of their said Account and Quietus ejl: (3) And that riff contrary to every Officer or Minister that shall send out or cause to be sent out any Writ or Process, or by whose Default any Writ or Process shall be sent out, contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit Farther provided and pay to the Party grieved forty Pounds, with his Cost and Damages; the said Sum of forty Pounds for by 13 & 14 and the said Costs and Damages to be recovered by any Action of debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to c'ii" be brought and prosecuted in the Court of the King's Bench or the Court of the Common Pleas, at the Election of the Plaintiff: Wherein no Privilege, Protection, Essoin or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant.

II. And further be it enacted, That every such Offender being three Times lawfully convicted of any For the third such Offence or Offences, upon the Trial of such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall for offence/hail be such his Offence or Offences contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, be utterly disabled to be or continueinany0" tinue in any Office or Employment in the said Court of Exchequer or in any other Court of Justice office, whatsoever -'tartht&.rmnjfom

relating hereto,

3 Geot X C 15. 6 Get ICI zir/<?#. 53* 2c Geo. 2. e, yj* 24 Geo. .2. C 48. fefi. jz, end ll Geo. 2. C

CAP. VI.

An Act concerning Women convicted of small Felonies.

for Felony

WHEREAS by the Laws of this Realm the Benefit of Clergy is not allowed to Women convicted of Felony, by Reason whereof many Women do suffer Death for small causesj' (.zj where clergy Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That any Woman being lawfully convicted by m^the wo her Confession or by the Verdict of twelve Men, of of for the felonious Taking of any Money, goodsman shall be or Chattels, above the Value of twelve pence, and under the Value of ten Shillings, or as accessary u "rnded in the to any such Offence, the said Offence being no Burglary nor Robbery in or near the Highway, nor p. C 339. the felonious Taking of any Money, G; ood's.or Chattels, from the Person of any Man or Woman privily, without his or their Knowledge, but only such an Offence, as in the like Case a man..might have his Clergy, shall for the firrt Offence be branded and marked in the Hand, upon the Brawivof the left t

Thumb with a. hot burning Iron, having a Roman T upon the said Iron: The said Mark to be made by the Gaoler openly in the Court before the Judge; (3) and also to be further punished by Imprisonment. Whipping, Stocking or sending to the House of Correction, in such Sort, Manner and Form, and for so long Time (not exceeding the Space of one whole Year) as the Judge, Judges or other justices before whom she shall be so Gortvifted; or which shall have Authority in the Cause, shall in their discretion think meet, according to the Quality of the Offence, and then to be delivered out of, Prison. for that Offence; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. (4) This Act' to continue until the End: of the first Session of the next Parliament.'; f3 Gar. 1. C 4?. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament and farther continued' by 16 Car. t, C 4. J

CAP. VII.

An act for the better Repressing of Drunkenness, and restraining the inordinate Haunting of Inns, Alehouses and other victualling houses.

The Statutes of C TT

WHEREAS one Statute, intituled, An Act to refrain the inordinate Haunting of tipiinginlnns, 'I. C Alehouses and other victualling houses, made in the first Year of his Highness happy Reign of made perpetual. ' England, and another Statute, intituled, An Act to repress the odious and loathsome Sin of Drunkenness, One witness made in the fourth Year of his Highness Reign of England, were made to continue to the End of the 2*cowrtftaient* Session of the next Parliament, and by Experience have been found good and necessary Laws; 'Be Man of Tipiing it therefore enacted, That the said Statutes, with the Alterations and Additions hereafter expressed, shall and Drunken, be put in due Execution and continue for ever: (z) And whereas by the said Statutes, Proof of two t&6£d 6 C it witnesses is required, Be it enacted, That Proof of one Witness from henceforth shall be allowed and The Oath of taken for sufficient in that Behalf: (3) And that the voluntary Confession (before any such Persons as him that con by the said A CL are authorised to minister the Oath) of any Person offending either of the said Statutes, fenceviaubea suce to convince the Person so offending; (4) after such Confession, the Oath of the Party so sufficient Proof confessing shall and may be taken, and be a sufficient Proof against any other offending at the lame

asainftany other. Time.

He that stays. And be it further enacted, That if any other Person or Persons, wheresoever his or their habita tipiinp; In an tion or Abiding be, shall at any Time hereafter be found upon View, or his own Confession, or Proof, incur the on*l^one Witness, to be Tipiing in any Inn, Alehouse or victualling house, such Person or Persons shall ty infufted by be front henceforth adjudged and construed to be within the said Statutes, as if he or they had in jac. 1. C 5. habited and dwelled in the City, Town Corporate, Market town, Village or Hamlet where the said Inn, Alehouse or victualling house is or shall be, where he or they shall be so found tipiing, and shall incur the C jj^c Penalty, and the lame to be in such Sort levied and disposed, as in the said Act is expressed concerning such as there inhabit: (2) And the voluntary Confession of such Person or Persons so offending, before such as by the said Statutes are authorised to minister the Oath, shall suffice to convince themselves; (3) and after such Confession, the Oath of such Person or Persons so confessing, shall and may be taken by such as by the said Act have Authority to minister an Oath, and shall be a sufficient Proof against any other offending at that Time.

He that is con

III. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of Peace in any County, and any Justice of Peace

kennefi flr iiun" or other Head Officer in any City or Town Corporate, within their Limits respectively, shall from forfeit 5s. henceforth have Power and Authority, upon his own View, Confession of the Party, or Proof of one Witness upon Oath before him, which he by Virtue of this Act shall have Power to administer, to convince any Person of the Offence of Druhkenness, whereby such Person so convict shall incur the For for the second feiture of five Shillings for every such Offence, and the same to be levied, or the Offender otherwise offence he shall punished, as in the said Statute is appointed: and for the second Offence he shall become bound to the' bood Befaviour s00^ Behaviour, as if he had been convicted in open Sessions; anything in the said former Statute geo e laviour. maje in type fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Alehouse

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being an alehouse keeper, or that shall at any me hereafter be an alehouse keeper, shall at any Time hereafter be lawfully convict for any Offence from keeping an against any the Branches of either of the said two former Statutes, according to the Alterations Alehouse three and Additions therein contained, or against the true Meaning of this present Statute; That every Per years alter, fqn so convict shall for the space of three Years next ensuing the said Conviction be utterly disabled,

keep any such Alehouse.

Jac. 1. C 5. ' V And whereas in the said Statute made in the fourth Year of his said majesty's Reign, intituled,

cables, can Act to repress the odious and loathsome Sin of Drunkenness, Constables, Churchwardens, Headboroughs, (on their Oaths) ' tithing men, Aleconners and Sidemen are appointed in the Oaths incident to their Offices, to be like to presentthe wife charged to present the Offences contrary to, the said Statute; '(2) Be it enacted, That the said Oath Offences corn foan always hereafter be also enlarged, and extend to present all Offences done contrary to the Statute ija'c., a.sc.n9. made in the first Session of Parliament held in the first Year of his Highness Reign, intituled, An Act to Farther provided refrain the inordinate haunting and Tipiing in bins and Alehouses, and other victualling houses, with the al fir, bp 26 Geo. 2. terations and Additions in this Act contained, made in' the said fourth Year of his said majesty's Reign, 29 bio. "i. C 11. according to the Alterations and Additions of the same in this Act expressed. i Car. t. C 4.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to prevent and punish the Abuses in procuring Process and Supersedeas of the Peace and good Behaviour, out; of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and to prevent the Abuses in procuring.vfrits of Certiorari out of the said Courts, for the removing of Indictments found before Jyitices of the Peace, in their General Sessions

WHEREAS diverse turbulent and contentious Persons, some out of Malice and others in Hope 1 W of Gain by way of Composition, do oftentimes upon their corporal Oaths peremptorily and corruptly taken, or otherwise upon false Suggestions and Surmises, procure Process of the Peace or good Behaviour out of his Majesty's Courts of (Jhanceiy and King's Bench, against diverse of his Majesty's C quiet Subjects, whose Dwellings and Abodes are (for the moil part) in Counties far distant and remote

S from

97

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. C. 8.

' from the said Courts, to their intolerable Trouble and Vexation, whereas they might upon good

Cause showed receive Justice at the Hands of the Justices of the Peace in the Counties where they 'dwell; '.

II. For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all process Frccefs mrt

of the Peace or good Behaviour, after the End of this Session of Parliament to be granted or awarded out Writs snper of the same Courts or either of them, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, at the Suit of or by the peace.'or't not Prosecution of any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be void and of none Effect, unless such Process Behaviour, mail shall be so granted or awarded, upon Motion sir it made before the Judge or Judges of the same Courts not be granted respectively, sitting, in open Court, and upon Declaration in Writing, upon their Corporal Oaths, to be mopencourt'0" then exhibited unto them, by the Parties which shall desire such Process, of the Causes for which such Certicnries mall Process shall be granted or awarded, by or out of any the said Courts respectively, and unless that such ihe0^4* Motion and Declaration be mentioned to be made upon the Back of the Writ; the said Writings there diflee win be to be entered and remain of Record: (2) And that if it shall afterwards appear unto the said Courts or ei hound to pay there of them respectively, that the Causes expressed in such Writings or any of them be untrue; that cortsl then the Judge or Judges of the said Courts or either of them respectively, shall and may award such Costs and Damages unto the Parties grieved, for their or any of their wrongful Vexations in that Behalf, as they shall think fit: And that the Party or Parties so offending shall and may be committed to prison by such Judge or Judges, until he or they pay the said Costs and Damages. (3) ' And whereas diverse turbulent and contentious Persons, deservedly fearing to be bound to the Peace or good Behaviour by the Justices of Peace of the Counties where they dwell, do oftentimes procure themselves to be bound to the Peace or good Behaviour in the said Courts or one of them, upon insufficient Sureties, or upon colourable Prosecution of some Person or Persons, who will be ready at all Times to release them at their own Pleasure; whereupon his Majesty's Writs of Supersedeas are oftentimes directed to the Ju ' dices of Peace and other his Majesty's Officers, requiring them and every of them to forbear to arrest

imprison the Parties aforesaid for the Causes abovesaid; by Means whereof the said turbulent and contentious Persons misdemean themselves amongst their Neighbours with Impunity, to the great Of ' fence and Disturbance of their Neighbours amongst whom they converse and live, and to the Affront of the Justices of Peace, and to the evil Example and Encouragement of like evil disposed Persons

III. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs of Supersedeas after the End of this present Session of Parliament, to be granted by or out of either of the Courts aforesaid, shall be void and of none effect, unless such Process be granted likewise upon Motion in open Court first made, as aforesaid, and upon such sufficient Sureties, as shall appear unto the Judge or Judges of the same Court. respectively upon Oath, to be assessed at five Pounds Lands, or ten Pounds in Goods, in the Subsidy book, at the least; (2) which Oaths, and the Names of such Sureties, with the Places of their Abode, and where they stand so assessed in the Subsidy books, shall be entered and remain of Record in the same Courts: (3) And unless it shall also first appear unto the said Judge or Judges, from whom such Supersedeas is defined, That the Process of the Peace, or good Behaviour, is prosecuted against him or them, defining such 'Supersedeas bona fide, by some Party grieved, in that Court out of which such Supersedeas is desired to be so awarded and directed.

IV. And whereas diverse lewd and evil disposed Persons, commonly called common Bailers or March 17,

' Knights of the Post, being base and beggarly Persons, do oftentimes procure themselves to be af p1 63- felled at high Rates in the Subsidy books, and sometimes do falsely take upon them the Names of other Men of good Ability, of Purpose to enable themselves to be accepted for Bail, which Persons being of small or no Ability or Worth, are ready for Lucre and Gain to become bound by Recognisance as Sureties for such Persons as shall procure themselves to be bound to the Peace or good Behaviour as 4 aforesaid; bylmeans whereof the Judge or Judges of the said Courts not knowing them, may be easily abused and Justice deluded: '

V Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judge or Judges of the Courts aforesaid False Sureties respectively, or of either of them, upon Proof of any the Misdemeanours aforesaid, to be committed in the en!j, rpof°vwts obtaining of the aforesaid Writs of Supersedeas, or procuring such Surety as aforesaid, shall and may like of Supersedeas wise punish the false and insufficient Sureties and Bailers aforesaid, and the Procurers thereof, according ttiail be punished to their Discretions, so as such Punishment extend not to the Loss of Life or Member. by the Judges.

VI. And whereas diverse Bills of Indictments of Riot, Forcible Entry, or of Assault and Battery, be ing found before the Justices of Peace at their Quarter sessions of the Peace or otherwise, are oftentimes removed from the Counties where such Indictments are found, by Writs of Certiorari unto them directed out of the said Courts, by or by the means of the persons so indicted, who well know that fevv or no Persons grieved by such their Outrages and Misdemeanours whereof they Hand so indicted, will undergo the Travel or Charge of Prosecution of such Indictments so removed, by bringing the Parties so indicted,

' to Trial; by Means whereof, such Offenders for the moult part escape unprosecuted and unpunished

the King loseth the Fines which ought and (hold have been imposed upon them, if such In die ti

ments had been prosecuted, and not removed. certioraiiesfliau

VII. Be it therefore enacted, That all such Writs of Certiorari shall from and after the End of this pre, rsetah" natd sent Session of Parliament, be delivered at some Quarter sessions of the Peace in open Court: (2) And that didtlu will be the Parties indicted shall before the Allowance of such Certioraries become bound unto such Person or Per come b.iund to fons which shall prosecute such Bills of Indictment against them, in the Sum of ten Pounds, with such fuf p^th'^rovi ticient Sureties as the Justices of Peace at their said Quarter sessions of the Peace shall think fit, with Con (tonnes relating to dition to pay unto tit? said Prosecutors of such Bills of Indictment, within one Month after the Conviction Certiomiies, of such Parties indicted, such reasonable Costs and Damages as the said Justices of Peace of such Counties JV" fehci6

i'cft, 4.

98 C9 — II. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

5&6w. M. where such Bills of Indictment shall be found, in the said Sessions of the Peace shall afiefs or allow: (3) t &qjy, that in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to proceed to Trial of such Indiet

andii Geo. 2. c.i %, mentsj any such Writs of Certiorari to remove the same Indictments notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

[Exp.]

An Act for the Free Trade and Traffic of iveljh Clothes, Cottons, Frizes, Linings and Plains in and through the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales. The Inhabitants of "1 Vales may (ell their Clothes freely. "Welsh Clothes may be transported. To continue for seven Years.

CAP. X

An Act of Repeat of one Branch of the Statute made in the Session of Parliament held by Prorogation at Westminster the twenty second Day of January in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's ma jejlfs Dominion and Principality of Wales.

The'branch of the Statute of 34 & 35h. 8. C 16. that con terns the King's Power for altering the Laws of Wales, repealed.

The Loyalty and Obedience of the Welsh.

By a Branch contained in the

34* 35 H 16. the King h3d Power to alter the laws of Wales,

A Repeal of that Bianch of 34 and 35 H. 8. C6.fect. 119.

C \x/^dereas die Subjects of the Country and Dominion of tvales have been constantly Loyal and C W obedient, and have lived in all dutiful Subjection to the Crown of England: And whereas by an at of Parliament made in the four and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, ' intituled, An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's majesty's Dominion and Principality of tvales, amongst other Things, it is enacted and ordained in these Words

' II Item, It is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the King's most Royal Majesty shall and may at all Times hereafter from Time to Time change, add, alter, order, minifli and reform allman ner of Things afore rehearsed, as to his most excellent Wisdom and Discretion shall be thought conve nient; (2) and also to make Laws and Ordinances for the Commonwealth, and good Quiet of his said Dominion of Wales, and his Subjects of the same, from Time to Time at his maiedy's Pleasure; any Thing contained in this Act, or in the said Act made for the Shire ground of Wales, or any other Act C or Acts, Thing or Things, to the contrary thereof heretofore made in any wise notwithstanding: (3) ' And that all such Alterations of the Prerhides or any Part thereof, and all such Laws and Ordinances to be hereafter made, devised and published by Authority of this Act, by the King's Majesty in Writing under his Highness Great Seal, shall be of as good Strength, Virtue and Effect, as if they had been had e and made by Authority of Parliament:

III. And forasmuch as it is manifed by long Experience, That the Laws and Statutes already or dained for the said Country, are in Effect and for the most part agreeable to the Laws and Statutes of this his Highness Kingdom of England, and all and every of the lame obeyed with great Alacrity: (2) ' And for that after so long a Quiet among them, any future Change or Innovation herein would be dan gerous, and for the Abolition of Didindtion and Difference between the Subjects of England and Wales, nis most excellent Majesty, tendering the common and conft&nt Good of the said Country and Do ' minion of Wales, and of their Poderity for ever hereafter, is graciously pleased. That it may be enacted by his Majesty with the Assent of the lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament auembled

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Branch of the said Act of Parliament, and every Article, Word and Sentence in that Branch contained, be utterly repealed and made void and of none Effect, to all Intents, Condructions and Purposes, as if the said Branch had never been made nor contained in the said Act: (2) And that the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall not by Virtue of the said Clause or Branch in the said Act, at any Time hereafter alter, change or reform any Laws, Usage or Custom, or make any new Laws for or concerning the said Dominion or Principality of Wales.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Clause, Article and Thine contained in the aforesaid Act of Parliament, other than the aforesaid Branch before recited, shall stand, remain and be in as full Force and Effect, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if this present Act had never been had or made. '

The refi.tue of that Statute confirmed,

fartherprowfiom concerning Wales,

10 Car t. C 5.

1 W. & M, St, I. C 27. 5 W. & M, C 4, 7 Gf S W, 3. C 38. j 1 & 12 W, 3. C $. 8 Geo. 1. c. 25. 6 Geo. z, C 14. and 20 Geo. 2. c. 42, Jet. 3,

Fiftl,

CAP. XI.

A Judgement given in Chancery for the revoking and annulling of certain Letters Patents (granted to Henry Heron for the sole Privilege of faking, drying and packing of fish within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall) confirmed.

PR.

Anno yicdlmo primo Jacobi I.

C 12, 13.

A.D. 1623.

99

CAP. XII.

An Act to enlarge and make perpetual the Act made for Ease in Pleading against troublesome and contentious Suits prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Constables and certain other his Majesty's Officers, for the lawful Execution of their Office, made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's most happy Reign.

WHEREAS an Act, intituled, An Act for Ease in Pleading against troublesome and contentious Suits The statute f profeuted against Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Constables, and certain other his maffly's Officers, ipq < C 5 ' for the lawful Execution of their Office, made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's maftbappv Reign tf/'engiand, mlrfe p^petual was made to continue but for seven Years, and from thence to the erict of the next Parliament after the4tnft. 174.

' said seven Years, which by Experience hath since been found to be a good and profitable Law bumv. i. 9j,

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament be perpetual and have Continuance for ever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Churchwardens, and all Persons Churchwardens

called Sworn men, executing of the Office of Churchwardens, and all Overseers of the Poor, and all and Overseeis of others which in their Aid and Assistance, or by their Commandment, shall do anything touching or co^rehended1'"*concerning his or their Office or Offices, shall hereafter be enabled to receive and have such Benefit and wiiliin ill"pur help by V irtue of the said Act, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if they had been spe view of 7 Jac. 1, cially named therein. c 5-

IV. And whereas notwithstanding the said Statute, the Plaintiff is at Liberty to lay his Action which he shall bring against any Justice of Peace, or other Officer, in any foreign County at his Choice,

' which hath proved very inconvenient unto sundry of the Officers and Persons aforesaid, that have been impleaded by forhe contentious and troublesome Persons in Countries far remote from their Places of Habitations

V Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or An Afllon Suit upon the Case, Trespass, Battery or false Imprisonment, shall be brought after the End of this broft?^t present Session of Parliament, against any Justice of Peace, Mayor or Bailiff of City, or Town Corpo betaid ino^ rate, Headborough, Portreve, Constable, Tithing man, Collector of Subsidy or Fifteens, Churchwar County where dens, and Persons called Sworn men, executing the Office of Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, thefaftwas and their Deputies, or any of them, or any other which in their Aid and Assistance, or by their commandment, shallido anything touching or concerning his or their Office or Offices, for or concern Vaughan 113., ing any Matter, Cause or Thing, by them or any of them done by Virtue or Reason of their or any, r IJ7* of their Office or Offices, that the said Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit shall be laid within the County where the Trespass or Fast shall be done and committed, and not elsewhere; (z) and that it shall be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general Issue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the same, as in or by the said former Act is limited or declared: (3) And that if upon the Trial of any such Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not prove to the Jury which shall try the same, that the Trespass, Battery, Imprisonment, or other Factor Cause of his, her, or their such Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit was or were had, made, committed or done, within the County wherein such Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit shall be laid; that then in every such Case, the Jury which shall try the same,

shall find the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit, not guilty, without having any Regard or Respect to any Evidence given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, touching the Trespass, Battery, Imprisonment, or other Cause for which the same Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit, is or th?defendant shall be brought: (4) And if the Verdict shall pass with the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, 210aa1shave doul, 'ie Bill, Plaint or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance 0'thereof, that in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have such double Cods, and all other Advantages and Remedies, as in and by the said former Act is limited, directed or provided.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the further Reformation of Jeofails.

WHEREAS in the two and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, of famous Me xifj.;. cs. i ' Vy mory, a good and profitable Law, intituled, An Act concerning mi/pleading. Jeofails, and Attermcs, hkf.

' was made and enacted: (2) And likewise another good and profitable Law was made in the eighteenth tvnd/d to writs Year of the Reign of ourlate Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Reformation ofjeo of Mandamus.

' sails; (3) by which Laws many Delays of Judgments were prevented, and yet notwithstanding niany

' Things have and daily do fall out, not yet provided for, nor remedied by the Laws before mentioned Tiwbefofh' of

11. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That if any Verdict of twelve the Statutes 01 Men or more shall hereafter be given for the Plaintiff or Demandant, or for the Defendant or Tenant, 31*. 8. C 30. Bailiff in Assize, Vouchee, Pray in Aid, or Tenant by Receit, in any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or De cmrfh !t SU' in and in any Court of Record, the Judgement thereupon shall not be stayed or reversed by Reason of any pi. 469: ^7. Variance in Form only, between the Original Writ or Bill, and the Declaration, Plaint or Demand; (2) p1 s05-

O 2 or

ioo C 14- — 16. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D.

Diverse Jeofails in Suits of Law prevented and reformed.

Ann. C 18. Cro Car. 165, 189, 103, 478, 311, 480.

Aleyn 64.

Nelj. V a. 943-

Certain Cases excepted.

See 16 & ij Car. 2, C 8.

1623.

or for Lack of any Averment of any Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, so as upon Examination the said Person be proved to be in Life; (3) or by Reason that the Venire facias, Habeas corpora or Distringas is awarded to a wrong Officer, upon any insufficient Suggestion; (4) or by Reason the Vifne is in some Part mifawarded or sued out; of more Places, or of fewer Places, than it ought to be, so as Tome one Place be right named; (5) or by Reason that any of the Jury which tried the said Issue is misnamed, either in the Surname or Addition, in any of the said Writs, or in any Return upon any of the said Writs, so as upon Examination it be proved to be the same Man that was meant to be returned; (6) or by Reason that there is no Return upon any of the said Writs, so as a Pannel of the Names of Jurors be returned and annexed to the said Writ; (7) or for that the sheriff's Name or other officer's Name having the Return thereof, is not set to the Return of any such Writ, so as upon Examination it be proved that the said Writ was returned by the Sheriff or Undersheriff, or any such other Officer; (8) or by Reason that the Plaintiff in an ejerione firmer, or in any personal Ablion or Suit, (being an Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years) did appear by Attorney therein, and the Verdibl pass for him; any Law, Custom or Ufaee to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this A eft, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Writ, Declaration or Suit of Appeal of Felony or Murder, (2) nor to any Indiblment or Presentment of Felony, Murder or Treason, nor to any Process upon any of them, (3) nor to any Writ, Bill, Action or Information upon any popular or penal Statute; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 5 Geo. ic. 13.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to admit the Subject to plead the general Issue in Informations of Intrusions brought on the Behalf of the King's Majesty, and retain his Possession till Trial.

jrmationsc TT THERE the King out of his Prerogative Royal may enforce the Subject in Informations of In C truflon brought against him, to a (pedal Pleading of his Title; The King's most excellent Main

Informations of Introfi

fowedw pkad jesty out of his gracious Disposition towards his loving Subjects, and at their humble Suit being willing the General, isto remit a Part of his ancient and Regal Power, is well pleased that it be enabled; (2) And be it enacted tin Pofliffion ky the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present till Trial.'*Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whensoever the King, his Heirs or suc e inst. n6. ccltors, and such from or under whom the King claimeth, and all others claiming under the same Title

dyer338, under which the King claimeth, hath been or shall be out of Possession by the Space of twenty Years, or

hath not or shall not have taken the Profits of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Space of twenty Years before any Information of Intrusion brought or to be brought, to recover the same; that in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Issue, if he or they so think fit, and shall not be pressed to plead specially; (3) and that in such Cases the Defendant or Defendants shall retain the Possession he or they had at the Time of such Information exhibited, until the Title be tried, sound or adjudged for the King.

II. And be it further enacted, That where an Information of Intrusion may fitly and aptly be brought on the King's Behalf, that no Scire facias shall be brought, whereunto the Subject shall be forced to a special Pleading, and be deprived of the Grace intended by this Act. 17 Ed. 2. Stat 1. C 13.

CAP. XV.

An act to enable Judges and Justices of the Peace to give Restitution of Possession in " t certain Cases.

rift. 176. Restitution of Possession shall he given, to a void Entries with Force, in Estates for Years, C Latch 183.

B

E it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That such Judges, Justices or Justice of the Peace, as by Reason of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force are authorised and enabled upon Inquiry, to give Restitution of Possession unto Tenants of any Estate of Freehold, of their lands or Tenements which shall be entered upon with Force, or from them withholdenby Force, shall by Reason of this present Act have the like and the same Authority and Ability from henceforth (upon Indictment of such forcible Entries, or forcible Withholdings before them duly found) to give like Restitution of Possession unto Tenants for Term of Years, Tenants by Copy of Court roll, Guardians by Knights service, Tenants by Elegit, Statute merchant and Staple, of Lands or Tenements by them so held, which shall be entered upon by Force, or held from them by Force. 5 R. 2. Stat. 1. C 7. 15 R. 2. C 2. 8 H. 6. C 9. 31 El. C 11.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding of Suits in Law.

dbn (hafibetus T? O R quieting of Mens Estates, and avoiding of Suits, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Aithin twenty x1 Majesty; Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Years. That all Writs of for medon in Defender, Formedon in Remainder, and Formedon in Reverter, at any Time

Heriey g/9' 141. hereafter to be sued or brought, of or for any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereunto

3 Ed, X f. 39. 31b, 8. £-.*, ' J., ny

JCI

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo priino Jacobi I. C. 16.

any Person or Persons now hath or have any Title, or Cause to have or pursue any such Writ, shall be sued and taken within twenty Years next after the End of this prefect Session of Parliament: And after 2 Salk. 421, the said twenty Years expired, no such Person or Persons, or any of their Heirs, shall have cr maintain 422, 4'3 any such Writ, of or for any of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; (2) and that sact V t0j> all Writs of Formedon in Defender, Formedon in Remainder, and Formed on in Reverter, of any Manors, a'f.c'f. Ey.' Lantls, Tenements, or other Hereditaments whatsoever, at any Time hereafter to be sued or brought by V 'i°3> if occasion or Means of any Title or Cause hereafter happening, shall be sued and taken within twenty an '7"-7'Years next after the Title and Cause of Action first defeended or fallen, and at no Time after the said twenty Years; (3) and that no Person or Persons that now hath any Right or Title of Entry into any Entry into Land, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments now held from him or them, shall thereinto enter, but! within twenty Years next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, or within twenty V cars twenty Veais. next after any other Title of Entry accrued; (4) and that no Person or Persons shall at any Time here 2 Vent. 340. after make any Entry into any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but within twenty Years next after "'ttre'0

his or their Right or Title which shall hereafter first defeend or accrue to the same; and in Default Annxi, '

thereof, such Persons so not entering, and their Heirs, shall be utterly excluded and disabled from such Sea. j6. Entry after to be made; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons, that is or shall be intituled to such Writ or infants, Fern, Writs, or that hath or shall have such Right or Title of Entry, be or shall be at the Time of the said Right dr Title first defeended, accrued, come or fallen, within the Age of one and twenty Years, nc

Feme Covert, Non combat mentis, imprisoned or beyond die Seas, that then such Person and Persons, and his and their Heir and Heirs, shall or may, notwithstanding the said twenty Years be expired, bring his Action, or make his Entry, as he might have done before this Act; (2) so as such Person and Persons, or his or their Heir and Heirs, shall within ten Years next after his and their full Age, Discoverture, coming of sound Mind, Enlargement out of Prison, or coming into this Realm, or Death, take Benefit of and sue forth the same, and at no Time after the said ten Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Addons of Trespass §htare clausum fregit, all Addons of The Limitation Trespass, Detinue, Addon fur Trover, and Replevin for taking away of Goods and Cattle, all Addons of ceft?.in Ptrr°' of Account, and upon the Case, other than such Accounts as concern the Trade of Merchandise be jyi^rch P! tween Merchant and Merchant, their Factors or Servants, all Addons of Debt grounded upon any Style 109, 214, 'Lending or Contract without Specialty; all Addons of Debt for Arrearges of Rent, and all Addons ofh1 assault, Menace, Batten, ", Wounding and Imprisonment, or any of them which shall be sued or brought heueyr?

at any Time after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be commenced and sued within March 151! the Time and Limitation hereafter expressed, and not after (that is to say) (2) the said Addons upon the 1 2°9;

Case (other than for Slander) and the said Addons for Account, and the said Addons for Trespass, Debt, carchew?^. Detinue and Replevin for Goods or Cattle, and the said Addon of Trespass §>uare clausum fregit, within 1 lutw.260.' three Years next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, or within six Years next after the sandy, 38. Cause of such Addons or Suit, and not after; (3) and the said Addons of Trespass, of Assault, Battery, \, 9a'.*45'

Wounding, Imprisonment or any of them, within one Year next after the End of this present Session 3 mod.'ju! of Parliament, or within four Years next after the Cause of such Addons or Suit, and not after; (4) and Shower 341. the said Addons upon the Case for Words, within one Year after the End of this present Session of Par \ 421*424. liament, or within two Years next after the Word's spoken, and not after. Cro. car. 115)

14 r, 160, 245,

295, 381, 405, 513, 333. i Vern. 456. 2 vern.694, 695. 2 Vent. 185. 3 Lev. 245, 283. I Salk. 28. 2 wmf.193, 259.

IV. And nevertheless be it enacted, That if in any the said Addons or Suits, Judgement be given for the Their Limita plaintiff, and the same be reversed by Error, or a Verdict pass for tyre Plaintiff, and upon Matter alleged ment'o'ou^5" in Arrest of Judgement, the Judgement be given against the Plaintiff, that he take nothing by his Plaint, lasvry tevtrled. Writ or Bill; or if any the said Addons shall be brought by Original, and the Defendant therein be outlawed, and shall after reverse the Outlawry; that in all such Cases the Party Plaintiff, his Heirs, Executors

or Administrators, as the Case shall require, may commence a new Addon or Suit from Time to Time, within a Year after stich Judgement reversed, or such Judgement given against the Plaintiff, or Outlawry reversed and not after.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions of Trespass Quare clausum fregit, hereafter to be After judgement brought, wherein the Defendant or Defendants shall difclaiin in his or their Plea, to make any Title or ornonfmrin a Claim to the Land in which the Trespass is by the Declaration supposed to be done, and the Trespass be Qilare clausum by Negligence or involuntary, the Defendant or Defendants shall be admitted to plead a Disclaimer, and tifn svarred to"' that the trespass was by Negligence or involuntary, and a Tenderer Offer of fumcient Amends for such renew the Suit, Trespass before the Action brought, whereupon or upon some of them, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be heller l65 enforced to join Issue; and it the said Issue be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be clearly baired from the said Action or Actions, and all other Suit concerning the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions upon the Case for flan sfanderumkr

derous Words, to be sued or prosecuted by any Person or Persons in any the Courts of Record at jfcji 40 s the pfaln minster, or in any Courts whatsoever that hath Power to hold Plea of the same, after the end of this 1, 13, 1 le2)'?r present Session or Parliament, if the Jury upon the Trial of the Issue in such Action, or the Jury that thandamgea?*shall inquire of the Damages, do find or assess the Damages under forty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or ps|msr 529.'Plaintiffs in such Action shall have and recover only so much Costs as the Damages so given or afleiledc'°5' amount unto, without any further Increase of the same; any Law, Statute, Custom or L lage to the con lee^w 3°7' trary in any wise notwithstanding. Latch r, 53.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons that is or shall be infants, Femn intituled to any such Action of Trespass, Detinue, Action fur Trover, Replevin, Actions of Accounts, Covert, &c. CX

Actions ceptei'

102

C 17. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

Ann C i6, Actions of Debts, Actions of Trespass for Assault, Menace, Battery, Wounding or Imprisonment, Ac >7>1 tions Upon the Case for Words, be or shall be at the Time of any such Cause of Action given or accrued, i Sid. 453; fallen or come, within the Age of twenty-one Years, Feme Covert, Non compos mentis, imprisoned or be jlw. 71.. yond the Seas; that then such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring the same Actions, so as they rzfjiinrhrrct!>, ni ta^e le same within such Times as are before limited, after their coming to or being of full Age, Dif < jr.f. c. 14 'and covert, of sane Memory, at Large, and returned from beyond the Seas, as other Persons having no such*r. 16. Impediment should have done. 20 H. 3. C 8. 3 Ed. 1. C 39. 32 H. 8. C 2. 1 Ma. 1. Sell. 2. C 5.

CAP. XVII.

An Act against Usury.

3: H f, 9- ' xjt WHEREAS at this Time there is a very great Abatement in the Value of Land, and other the

ihiii iako*V V Merchandizes, Wares and Commodities of this Kingdom, both at Home, and also in foreign above the Rate Parts whither they are transported; and whereas diverse Subjects of this Kingdom, as well the of eight Pound; < Gentry as Merchants, Farmers and Tradesmen, both for their urgent and necessary Occasions for attliundred" ° ' the following their Trades, Maintenance of their Stocks and Employments, have borrowed, and do Pounds fora diverse Sums of Money, Wares, Merchandizes and other Commodities; (3) but by Reason Year of the said general Fall and Abat ment of the Value of Land, and the Prices of the said Merchandise,

si Aim. tat. z. < Wares and Commodities, and Interest in Loan continuing at so high a Rate as ten Pounds in the hun 1 haw.p. c. c.zz. ' dred Pounds for a Year, doth not only make Men unable to pay their Debts, and continue the Maintenance of Trade, but their Debts daily increasing, they are enforced to sell their Lands and £ Stocks at very low Rates, to forsake the Use of Merchandise and Trade, and to give over their Leases and Farms, and so become unprofitable Members of the Commonwealth, to the great Hurt and Hindrance of the same

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and tempo ral, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Thai no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred twenty and five, upon any Contract to be made after the said four and twentieth Day of June, shall take diredily or indirectly, for Loan of any Moneys, Wares, Merchandise or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of eight Pounds for the Forbearance of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time; (2) and that all Bonds, Contracts and Assurances whatsoever made after the Time aforesaid, for Payment of any Principal or Money to be lent or covenacted to be performed, upon or for any Usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of eight rounds in the hundred as aforesaid, shall be utterly void; (3) and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, which shall after the Time aforesaid, upon any Contract to be made after the said four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 162c. take, accept and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Chevisance, Shift or Interest: of any Wares, Merchandise or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Means, or by any Covin, Engine or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing or giving Day of Payment for one whole Year, of and for their Money or other Thing, above the Sum of eight Pounds for the forbearing of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so after that Rate for a lefier or greater Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the treble Value of the Moneys, Wares, Merchandizes and other Things solent, bargained, sold, exchanged or shifted.

a Scrivener that

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Scrivener and scrive takes a^ove ihe ners. Broker and Brokers, Solicitor and Solicitors, Driver and Drivers of Bargains for Contracts, who theforbearin^of after the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1623. take or rer loou or a Year, ceive, directly or indirectly, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward or Thing for Brocage, so or above nd. liciting, driving or procuring the Loan or forbearing of any Sum or Sums of Money, over or above the ota^b ind tmn Rate or Value of five Shillings for the Loan or forbearing of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so forfeit ld.'arid ratably, or above twelve Pence for making or renewing of the Bond or Bill for the Loan, or forbearing

l.npdfonmsnt thereof, or for any Counter Bond or Bill concerning the same, shall forfeit for every such Offence 01 Ha a Year. twenty pouncjs? ancj have Imprisonment for Half a Year; (2) the one Moiety of all which Forfeitures to be to the King our Sovereign Lord, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Adoiety to him or them that will sue for the same in the same County where the several Offences are committed, and not elsewhere, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection to be allowed.

ttecontmuance IV This Act to continue for the Space of seven Years from the said four and twentieth Day of June, okhisadt. which shall be in the Year of our loi 1625. and so to the End of the first Session of Parliament the 1 next following.

V. Provided, That no Words in this Law contained shall be construed or expounded to allow the Jrrlrvv difu ° prarice of Usury in Point of Religion or Conleience. [Made perpetual by 3 Car. 1. C 4. &. C z H. 3. C s 3 H'. 7. C 6. IX H. 7. C 8. 37 H. 8. C 9. 5 U 6 Ed. 6. C 10. 13 El. C J

J 'ji tjji'i pro vl 'cr.s

renting, fart to, 1 % Car, 2. C 13. and 12 Ann St, 2. C 16,

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. C. 18. 103

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for Continuance of a former Act made in the fourth Year of the King's majesty's Reign of England, Arc. intituled, An Act for the true Making Woollen Clothes, and for some Additions and Alterations in and to the same.

WHEREAS in the fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty that now The srsto e of ' is, there was amongst other, an Act made and intituled, An Act for the true Making of Woollen A.

' which in and by the said Act is to continue in Force and Effect but unto the End of the first partaitered.

£ Session of the then next Parliament: Forasmuch as the said Act is found by Experience to be very Necessary, Expedient and Beneficial for the Commonwealth, both in the providing for the several and re 4^.4. c. 1.

£ spedlive Lengths, Breadths and Weight of the several Sorts of Woollen Clothes mentioned in the said £ as all'o in the Avoiding the Mixture of Flocks, Thrums, and other deceivable Things in the Making of Woollen Clothes, laving in those Points whereunto the Additions and Alterations in this present Act do extend: '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, hat the same Act above remembered, and all and every the Branches, Clauses and Provisions in the same contained, and which are not in this present Act altered, repealed, discontinued or enlarged, shall continue and be from henceforth in full Force and Elfedt, until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

II. And whereas in and by the aforesaid Act it was amongst other Things enacted and provided, Bum V 2. 583, £ That it should or might be lawful to and for any Person and Persons lawfully exercising the Trade orc

£ of a Clothier or Making of Clothes, to make Flocks, Thrums and Lambs Wool into Cloth of one only Kind or Making, which should contain in Length, being thoroughly wet, between twelve and £ thirteen such Yards and Inches as in the said Statute had been mentioned, " and in Breadth one Yard at £ the lead within the Lists, and being clean fcowred, thicked, milled and fully dried, should weigh fifteen £ Pounds the Piece at the lead; '(2) Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the ?tacci*"c said Clause or Provision for the Making of Flocks, Thrums and Lambs Wool into Cloth, shall be from confining the henceforth discontinued, or repealed and void; (3) ' And further, whereas since the Making of the said making of £ Act, many ill disposed Persons for their own private Gain and Lucre, and in Deceit of the Buyers of ^to^o'uwe £ Cloth, and to the Discredit and Discrediting of good Cloth, have used to mix and put Flocks and pealed. '

£ Thrums, and also Noises and Hairs, and other deceivable Things, into, within anu upon the Broad £ Woollen Clothes mentioned in the said Act; which laid Broad Woollen Clothes be of far greater £ Length, Breadth and Estimation, than be those Clothes whereinto the said Flocks, Thrums and Lambs £ Wool in and by the said Act have been permitted to be put into; and by the Means of mixing and £ putting in or upon such Broad Clothes, of the said Flocks, Noises, Thrums, Hair and other deceivable Things, into and within or upon the said Broad Woollen Clothes, the said Broad Woollen £ Clothes be muchabufed and discredited, and the Buyers of such Broad Wollen Clothes cozened, deceived £ and abused

III. For Reformation of which foresaid Wrongs, Abuses and misdemeanors, Be it enacted by the He that puts King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present j^'aothfltlu Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Person or Persons forfeit five shall mix or put any Flocks, Noises, Thrums, Hair, or other deceivable Thing or Things, or any Yam rounds, made of the said deceivable X hing or Things, into, within or upon any Broad Woollen Cloth or Clothes,

upon Pain to forfeit only five Pounds and no more, for every such Broad Woollen Cloth, into, within or upon which any such Flocks, Noises, Thrums, Hair, or any other deceivable Thing or Things shall be put into or used; the said Forfeiture to be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such deceivable Cloth shall be made

IV. And for the better finding out of every such deceivable Thing and Things mixed or put into or Searchers of upon, or to be mixed or put into or upon, any Broad Woollen Cloth or Clothes, contrary to the true cloth may enter Meaning of this Law; ( 2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law arro^e«is fill to and for any the Overseer or Overseers, Searcher or Searchers of Cloth, of or within the several deceivabiecloih, Parish or Parishes, or Town or City where such deceivable Cloth or Clothes shall be made, or fvif

pedted to be made, from Time to Time to enter into any the House or Houses, Shops, Mill or Mills,

Chambers or other Rooms of any Clothier, or Person or Persons fr.spefted to have made any such deceivable Broad Woollen Cloth, to view, search and see all or any their Woollen Cloth or Clothes, and

laid Overseer or Overseers, Searcher or Searchers, or any other, of their Knowledge or Suspicion of any bring before such Offence, to grant their Warrant to call before them any Person or Persons whatsoever that shall be thought in their Discretions fit to discover any such Offence, (4.) and to examine upon Oath such Per makingde.eiv son or Persons for the Trial and better finding out of the Offence aforesaid; and if upon such Examinations cob. it shall be found by testimony of two Witnesses or more, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, that any such Offence or Offences have been committed, as aforesaid, then the Party Parties that shall so confess his or their said Offence or Offences, or who shall be found to ha

or

ave offended,

shall remain convicted of such his or their Offence or Oltences: (3) And that then it shall a id may be lawful for the said two Justices to certify such Offence or Offences unto the churchwardens and

Over

104 C 18.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

making of receivable Cloth, the Church wardens, C shall levy the Forfeiture.

In Default of

mon Gaol.

43 Eliz. C 2.

Overseers (for the Time being) of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes where such deceivable Cloth or Clothes shall be made, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices.

Upon Certificate

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after such Cer °> 'he justices tifi cate shall be delivered to any of the churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or pa ivconvifletfor rilhes where such Offender or Offenders shall dwell, and Warrant by them made to the said Overseers and churchwardens, for the levying of the said Forfeiture; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being, or any of them, or for the Successor or successors of them the said churchwardens and Overseers, to levy the Sum or Sums of Money which by the said Certificate and Warrant shall appear to be forfeited, byway of Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering to the Party so offending the Overplus which shall arise by the Sale of such Goods, more than the Forfeiture for such Offence or Offences shall amount unto: (2) And in Defeiftof Distrefj the Eich Tistress, it shall be lawful to and for the said two Justices of Peace to commit the Party or par fluvbs commiles 10 certified to have offended to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize ced to the com until Payment shall be made of the said Sum or Sums so forfeited, to the said churchwardens and Overseers, or some or one of them, to the Uses aforesaid, who shall yearly be accountable for such Sum or Sums so received and levied, at such Times and in such Manner as the said churchwardens and Overseers are to account for other Moneys which they are to collect to the Use of the Poor, by Force, of an Act of Parliament made in the three and fortieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth: (3) And that if any Action or Actions shall at any Time or Times hereafter happen to be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for taking of such Distress or Distresses, or for or about any The Officer be 'Matter or Thing concerning the same; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Per

ing fusd shall be soil or persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought or commenced, to plead the Ge

thegeneranfad nera' Issue and to give in Evidence, and to be allowed double Costs in every Respect and Degree, as in sue, &c.and re and by the Statute of the seventh Year of the King's majesty's Reign of England that now is, intituled,

' An Act for Ease in pleading against troublesome and contentions Suits prosecuted against Justices of the: ' Peace, Mayors, Constables, and certain others his Majesty's Officers, for the lawful Execution of their Office, 'is already provided and enacted.

VI. And whereas diverse Clothiers be and are of late Time much troubled and grieved by and with

several Searchers, Aulnegers and Viewers of Clothes, who after that Clothes have been searched, ' and sealed by the Searchers and Overseers of the several Parish and Parishes where such Cloth and Clothes have been made, and also by the King's Aulneger of Cloth, or by his Deputy, do northeast

for their own Gain and Lucre review or search again the same Clothes, to the great Trou ble, Disturbance and Hindrance of the said Clothiers, the Loss of their Market and Sale of their Cloth,

' although towards the End or Conclusion of the said Act of the fourth Year of the King's majesty's ' Reign of England that now is, aforesaid, it is mentioned, that after such Cloth be once lawfolly searched, and lawfully sealed, the same be not compelled to be further viewed, searched, measured or sealed

VIE Be it therefore likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers and Searchers authorised by the said last mentioned Statute, or by any former Act to search, view and weigh any of of the said Clothes for the Lengths, Breadth and Weight of the said Clothes, shall and may certify the same by their Seals affixed to such Clothes, and with the Word Faulty thereon stamped, (if there be Cause) and that none of the said Clothes being formerly searched, viewed, weighed and sealed by the said Overseers and Searchers of the Parish, Town or Place, where the said Clothes shall be made, shall afterwards be viewed, searched or weighed by any other Person or Persons, Officer or Officers

npvpr mnfrnr* tn tbr* filirl Utatlltp in ttin fhi/i fnnrfli V PHI nf hie ft/t nnltn'o Dolrrr, t*\ nnnn

cover double Costs.

7 Jac. i, C 5,

Jac. I,

The Searcher that feardieth,

i Jac. 1. C z.

ready (birched whatsoever, contrary to the said Statute made in the said fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign; (2) upon e. shall forfeit Pain of Forfeiture of live Pounds to the Party grieved, who shall and may sue for and recover the five Pounds. same by Bill, Plaint or Information, at or in the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City or Town Corporate wherein such Offence shall be committed, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and all Manner Woollen Clothes, of what Nature, Kind or Name soever they be or shall be of, to be woven in any City or Town Corporate within the Realm of England or Dominion of Wales, from and after forty Days next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be searched, tried and sealed, by the several and respective Overseers of Cloth, appointed or to be appointed of or for the Cities and Towns Corporate, or of or for some of the Places or rarilhes in them, where the same Clothes shall be woven, before such Clothes shall be sold, or offered to be sold.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That from and after forty Temcfs fourre f next after le End of this present Session Oi Parliament, no Tenter or Tenters for Broad Clothes to

be made within the County of York, to be sold, shall have or shall or may be allowed any further Chase or Liberty for or to the under Bar of such Tenter or Tenters, than only half a Quarter of a Yard at the most: And that no Tenter or Tenters for Narrow Clothes to be made within the said County of York, to be sold, shall have or shall or may be allowed any further Chase or Liberty for or to the under Bar of

All Woollen Clothes shall be searched, C before they be sold.

Cto'hs made in Yorfcfhlie;

Searchers (lull

make Search of such Tenter or Tenters, than only Half of a Half Quarter of a Yard at the most: And that the

i eetera in

yorwhine.'

Khz. C: o

Overseers and Searchers of Cloth, or any of them, appointed or to be appointed within the several and respective Parishes within the said County of York, shall, upon the Penalties of their Recognizances taken or to be taken by Virtue of the Statute made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, or of any other Statute, make due Search and View of the Tenters to be 'tiled in the aforesaid County of York, 4) And if they or any of them shall happen to find any Tenter or

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi 1. G. iq. h05

Tenters: used contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, that then they (lval! forthwnh deface, or cause to be defaced, such Tenter or Tenters.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whose Tenter or Tenters hath been or The Party f shall be once defaced, shall eftfoons offend contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, that then such condtim for Person or Persons so offending shall for every his or their Offence contrary to the true Meaning of this having > Tenter Ad, forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings of good and lawful Money of England, to such Uses and contrary so tin. Behoofs, and to be levied and recovered in such Manner and Form, and by such Means, to all Intents na' 01 eit and Purposes, as before in and by this present Act it is limited, appointed and enacted, for the Stun or Forfeiture of.five Pounds to the Use of the Poor, in this Act before mentioned; '

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament That every Overseer of ev£fy '

Cloth appointed by any former Law now in Force, to fix unto any kind of Clothes a Seal of Lead, (half et

from and after forty Days next after the End of this present Session: of Parliament, upon the Penalty of upon the Seal of their respective Recognisance taken or to be taken by Virtue of the said Statute made in the nine and the cloth, thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said Queen Elizabeth, or of any other Statute, engrave or fetor cause 39 1z, C 0' to be engraved or set, in and upon every of their respective Seals of Lead, which they shall fix.unto any Cloth by them respectively to be sealed, his or their Christian and Surname; and that no Cloth or Clothes to be sealed with any Seal of Lead which shall want such Engraving or Print, as aforesaid, shall be taken or allowed to, he sufficiently sealed, within the Compass of any former Law or Statute: (a) And furthermore whereas of late Years diverse subtle and naughty Means and Devices have been invented and practised for the pressing of Woollen Cloth of all Sorts, by heating of thick Boards or Planks, and laying the same under and above the Cloth in the Cold Press, and also by putting of thin or ceiling boards

and paste boards, being made very hot, into the Cuttles or Plates of Clothes, and then presently putting '.the. same into a Cold Press, and by diverse other cunning Sleights and Inventions, by which deceitful

"* Practises and Devices the Chapmen or Buyers of the Woollen Cloth of this Kingdom are deceived and greatly wronged, and the Woollen Cloth of this Kingdom itself is disgraced, and held and reputed very deceitful, to the great prejudice and Scandal of the Cloth of this Kingdom: '(3) Be it further enacted Pressing of j by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every the Prelfng of any Kind or sort of hitpfanktfs ll Woollen Clothes by or with such subtle and deceitful Means as aforesaid, or by or with any other the bepunishedwitir like subtle or deceitful Means or Device, by or with any Heat of Fire, which shall beufed or practised like Forfeiture at any Time or times after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be taken and shall he wifhahotprefe expounded and adjudged to be pressing with a Hot Press, and shall be punished and punishable with 0 r

the like Forfeitures, and in like Sort, to all Intents and Purposes, as the pressing with the Hot Press is

punishable by any fonner Law or Statute.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for sed. C 6.

Want of Length, Breadth, and Weight of Cloth or Clothes limited by any former Act now in Force, or 155 by this present Act, shall be distributed into three equal Parts, whereof one third Part shall be unto the Length, cof said Overseers and Searchers finding and certifying the said Default of Length, Breadth and Weight, as Cloth ftnii be aforesaid, to be recovered by them at or in the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the thre?p!rt$int°^County, Cityor Town Corporate, where the Offence therein shall happen to be done or committed, by 5 &6ed.6.'c. 6. Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law sph & m shall be allowed: (2) And the other Parts thereof shall be unto the Poor of the Parish where the said ' C i

Cloth or Clothes shall be made, to be levied by Way of Distress, and Sale of the offender's Goods in 35 Ei'iz'. C A 9.

Default of sufficient Distress, rendering to the Party the Overplus, by the churchwardens and Overseers 43 h1'2- C 10. of the Poor of every such Parish, from Time to Time respectively, (which said churchwardens and Jane. 2. Overseers are in such Manner to account for the same, as for any other Sums which are by them to be

collected to the Use of the Poor, by Force of the said Statute made in the foresaid three and fortieth Year of the Reign of the said late.queen, are by them to be leyied and accounted for;,) the said former Act or 43 Eliz. C 2. any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (3) This Act to continue till the End of the conun\n7cietbs

first Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the 12 Car. 2. C 12.

next Parliament, and by 16 Car. 1. C 4. farther continued. 5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 6. 4 & 3 P. & M. C 5. "caries.

8 El. C 12. 27 El. C 17. .35 El. C 7 & 9. 43 El. C 10. 4 Jac. 1. C z. 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 32.] 6 Ann El

1 Ana. C 13. 10 Ann. C 16. 1 Geo. 1. C 13 & 41. ji Geo. i. C 24, 7 Geo. 2. c. 23, 11 Geo. 2. c. 28. ard 14 Geo. 2. c. 35.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the further Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts, and for inflicting corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in some special Cases.

[Laws made against Bankrupts shall be beneficially constructed for the Creditors.]

Forasmuch as daily Experience sheweth, that the Number and Multitude of Bankrupts do increase more and more, and also the Frauds and Deceits invented and practised for the avoiding and deluding the Penalties of the good Laws in that Behalf already made, and the Remedy by them provided:

(2) And for that diverse Defects are daily found in the former Statutes made against Bankrupts, both in the Description of a Bankrupt, as also in the Power given to the Commissioners for the Discovery and distributing the bankrupt's Estate, to the great Encouragement of evil minded Persons, the Hindrance of Traffic and Commerce, the great Decay, Overthrow and Undoing of many Clothiers, by whom many Thousands of the natural born Subjects of this Realm be from Time to Time in all Parts of this Kingdom set on work: All which do tend to the general Hurt of this Realm:

(3) For Remedy whereof, $ac.alr vlu'- be it enacted by the Kingls most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 247.,

Vol. HI.'P in wpm, s6(

106 C. 19. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

Who shall be deetneda Bankrupt.

March 34.

In Parc repealed by 10 Annse, C 15. Sect. X Cko. Car. 149, 549* 568* a Show. 5x3/

Skin. 170. j Salk. 109. Mod. Cases in Law 49.

Commissions, Orders, C provided by 13 Eliz. C 7.

I Jac. 1. C 15. shall be pursued atjainlt him that is described to be a Bankrupt by this Act, '

Orders, C provided by this Act shall be pursued against him that is defended to be a Bankrupt by ijeii2. C 7,

1 Jac, i. C 15.

The Bankrupt's Wife may be examined by the Commissioners.

The Bankrupt thi fraudulently cnncealeth his Goods,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and figular the aforesaid Statutes and Laws heretofore made against Bankrupts, and for Relief of Creditors, shall be in all Things largely and beneficially construed and expounded for the Aid, Help and Relief of the Creditors of such Person or Persons as already be or hereafter shall become Bankrupt:

II. And that all and every Person or Persons, using or that shall use the Trade of Merchandise, by Way of Bargaining, Exchange, Bartering, Chevisance or otherwise, in Gross or by Retail; (2) or seeking his or her Living by Buying and Selling; (3) or that shall use the Trade or profeftion of a Scrivener, receiving other Mens Moneys or Estates into his Trull or Custody; (4) who at any Time after the End of this present session of Parliament, shall either by himself or others by his Procurement, obtain any Protection or Protections, other than such Person or Persons as shall be lawfully protected by the Privilege of Parliament,; (5) or shall prefer or exhibit unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or unto any of the King's Courts, any Petition or Petitions, Bill or Bills against his or her Creditor or Creditors or any of them, thereby desiring or endeavouring to compel or emorce them or any of them to accept Jess than their just and principal Debts, or to procure Time or longer Days of Payment than was given at the Time of their original Contracts; (6) or being indebted to any Person or Persons in the Sum of one hundred Pounds or more, shall not pay or otherwise compound for the same within six Months next after tjhe same shall grow due, and the Debtor be arrested for the same, (7) or within six Months after an original Writ sued out to recover the said debt, and Notice thereof given unto him or left in Writing at his or their dwelling house or last Place of Abode; or being arrested for Debt, 'shall after his or her Arrest lie in Prison two Months or more, upon that or any other Arrest or Detention in Prison for Debt; '(8) or being arrested for the Sum of one hundred Pounds or more of just Debt or Debts, shall at any Time after such Arrest escape out of Prison or procure his Enlargement by putting in common or hired Bail; (9) shall be accounted and adjudged a Bankrupt to all Intents and Purposes; and in the said Cases of Arrests or lying in Prison for such Debt or Debts, or getting forth by common or hired bail, from the Time of his or her said first Arrest. '

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the like commissions, Orders, Benefits and Remedies which are and be provided and limited by the said former Abls of Parliament, made in the thirteenth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth, and in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, against any Bankrupts in them or either of them described, or for or concerning his, her or their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Sees, Annuities, Offices, Goods, Chattels, Wares, Merchandise and Debts or any of them, shall and maybe had, pursued, taken and expounded, against such Person and Persons as are herein and hereby declared, described or expressed to be Bankrupts, and against his, her and their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Sees, Annuities, Offices, Goods, Chattels, Wares, Merchandise and Debts, in such Manner and Form as the same ought and might have been, if the Persons. herein declared, described or expressed to be Bankrupts, had been by the said Statutes or either of them described to be Bankrupts, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the lame Orders, Benefits and Remedies, which are and be provided and limited by this present Act against any Bankrupts, in or by this Act declar'd, described or expressed to be Bankrupts, or for or concerning his, her or their Lands, tenements, Hereditaments, Sees, Annuities, Offices, Goods, Chattels, Wares, Merchandizes and Debts or any of them, or the Discovery of them or any of them, shall from henceforth be had, pursued, taken and expounded against such Person and Persons as are declared or expressed to be Bankrupts by the said former Abls of Parliament or either of them, and against his, her and their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Sees, Annuities, Offices, Goods, Chattels, Wares, Merchandizes and Debts, in such Manner and Form as the same ought and might have been, if the Persons in the former Statutes or either of them described to be Bankrupts, had been mentioned and described to be Bankrupts in and by this present Act.

V. And whereas by the former Laws, the Commissioners appointed have Power to examine the Bankrupt himself, and such Person or Persons as are suspected to have or detain any of the Estate,

' Goods, or Chattels of the Bankrupts; but some Doubt hath been made, whether the Commissioners have: Power to examine the Wives of the Bankrupts touching the same, by Reason whereof the Bank rupts Wives do daily conceal and convey away, and cause to be conveyed away, much Part of their

Husbands Moneys, Wares, Goods, Merchandise and other Estate, to Person or Persons unknown to

any but such Wives, by Reason whereof much of the bankrupt's Estate is concealed and detained from the Creditors;

VI. For clearing the refore the said Doubt, and Avoiding the Inconveniences aforesaid, Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Time as any Person shall by the said Commissioners executing the said Commission, or the greater Part of them, be lawfully adjudged or declared to be a Bankrupt, the said Commissioners executing such Commission shall have Power and Authority to examine upon. Oath the Wife and Wives of all and every such Bankrupt, for the finding out and Discovery of the Estate and Estates, Goods and Chattels of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, concealed, kept or disposed of by such Wise or Wives, in their own Persons, or by their own Act or Means, or by any other Person or Persons; and that Ihe and they, the said Wife and Wives, shall incur such Danger and Penalty for not' coming before the said Commissioners, or for refilling to be sworn and examined, or for not disclosing the Truth, upon her or their Examination or Examinations, as in and by the said former Laws, or either of them is already made and provided against any other Person or Persons in like.cases.

his or her commission,

VII. And be it further enacted byithe Authority aforesaid, That if any Bankrupt shall upon his Examination or Examinations, to."be taken before the said Commissioners executing the said CA.

D.

1623.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I.

C 19.

107

fion, be found fraudulenty or deceitfully to have conveyed away his or her Goods, Chattels, Lands, Te orrendmh noc nements, Offices, Sees, Rents or Annuities, or other Estate or any Part thereof, to the Value of twenty wity iieb^mr" Pounds or above, to the End and Purpose to hinder the Execution of this Statuteor of any other the Bankruptj ihtii aforesaid Statutes, or thereby to defraud, delay or hinder his or laer Creditors of the same, and shall not h upon ibe upon his or laer Examination discover unto the said Commissioners, and (if it lie in his or her Power) txxhi's Ears"'2 deliver unto the said Commissioners all that Efta, te, Goods and Chattels (o fraudulently and deceitfully conveyed away as aforesaid, or by him or her, his or her Means, kept and detained from the said commissioner, or that cannot make it appear unto the said Commissioners, that he or die hath sustained some casual Loss, whereby he or she is disabled to pay what he or she then owed, shall or may be indicated for' such Fraud or Abuie at the Affixes or General Sessions to be held before the Judges of Assize, or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where he or die shall become Bankrupt: (2) And if upon such Indictment or Indictments the Bankrupt be thereof convicted, he or she so convicted shall be set upon the Pillory in some public Place for the Space of two Hours, and have one of his or her Ears nailed to the Pillory and cut off.

VIII. And for that some Doubt is conceived, whether the Commissioners in Case of Refinance Camrofe. ' have Power by the former Laws to break open, or cause to be broken open, the House or Houses of ojenthe bank such Bankrupts, which if they have not, the Remedies by the former Laws given will be to little Ef rupt's Doors,

' fed: (2) Be it therefore enacted, That in Execution of the said Commission, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or the greater Part of them, or any other Person or Persons. of

Officers, by them or the greater Part of them, to be deputed and appointed by their Warrant or War' '

under their Hands and Seals, to break open the House or Houses, Chambers, Shops, Warehouses,

Doors, Trunks or Chests of the said Bankrupt, where the said Bankrupt or any of his or her Goods or Estate shall be or reputed to be, and to seize upon and order the Body, Goods, Chattels, Ready Money and other Estate of such Bankrupt, as by the said former Laws are limited and appointed, whether it be by Imprisonment of his or her Body or otherwise, as to the said Commissioners or die greater Part of them shall be thought meet.

IX. And for the better Division and Distribution of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, The Bankrupt Chattels and other Estate of such Bankrupt to and amongst his or her Creditors; (2) Be it enacted, That Gootja j the Commissioners, or the greatest Part of them, shall and may examine upon Oath or by any other Ways notwitwan/ing or Means as to them shall leera meet, any Person or Persons, for the finding out and Discovery of thd any judgement. Truth and Certainty of the several Debts due and owing to all such Creditor and Creditors as shall feck recosnizance« Relief by such Course of Commission to be sued forth as aforesaid; (3) And that all and every Creditor &c'

and Creditors having Security for his or their several Debts, by Judgement, Statute, Recognisance, Specialty with Penalty or without Penalty, or other Security, or having no Security, or having made Attachments in Londm or any other Place, by Virtue of any Custom there used, of the Goods and Chattels of any such Bankrupt, whereof there is no Execution or Extent served and executed upon any the Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels and other Estate of such Bankrupts, before such Time as he or she shall or do become Bankrupt, shall not be relieved upon any such Judgement, Statute, Recognisance, Specialty, Attachments or other Security for any more than a ratable Part of their just and due Debts, with the other Creditors of the said Bankrupt, 'without Respect to any such Penalty or greater Sum contained in any such Judgement, Statute, Recognisance, Specialty with Penalty, Attachment or other Security.

X. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen, any the Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, T, C Commiflia debts or other Estate of any Bankrupt, to be extended after such Time as he or she is become a Bank "eeerj wherfthe nipped, by any Person or Persons, under Colpur or Pretence ofliis or their being an Accountant, or any Bankrupt by

Way indebted unto our sovereignxord the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, that then it shall be Fraud ftinkes lawful to and for the said Commissioners to examine upon Oath, whether the said Debt were due to such co?ntanuc Debtor or Accountant, upon any Bargain or Contract originally made betwixt such Accountant and the King.

said Bankrupt, the said Debtor or Accountant and his or their Servants; (2) And if such bargain or Con trail was originally made to and with any other Person or Persons than the said Debtor or Accountant, or for the Use and Trust of any other Person or Persons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or the greater Part of them, to order and dispose of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels and Debts, so extended as aforesaid, to and for the Use of the Creditors which shall seek Relief by the said Commission; (5) and that the Order and Disposition of the said Commissioners or the greater Part of them shall be good and available against the said Extent, and against all Persons claiming from, by or under the said Extent; (4) and that such Person and Persons to whom the said Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels so extended, shall be bargained, sold, granted or assigned by the Commissioners aforesaid ox the greater Part of them, shall have good Remedy to have, demand and recover the same against such Person and Persons who shall detain the same: (5) ' And for that it often falls out, that many Persons before they become Bankrupts, do convey their Goods to other Men upon good Consideration, yet still do keep the same, and are reputed the Owners thereof, and dispose the same as their own XI Be it crafted, That if at any Time hereafter any Person or Persons shall become Bankrupt, and at Good? in the such Time as they shall so become Bankrupt shall by the Content and Permission of the true Owner and C

Proprietary have in their Possession, Order and Disposition, an Goods or Chattels, whereof they shall be' are liable jay' reputed Owners, and take upon them the Sale, Alteration or Disposition as Owners, that in every such his Debts, not case the said Commissioners or the greater Part of them shall have Power to sell and dispose the same, to Ju, lp1!ns?njr and for the Benefit of the Creditors which shall seek Relief by the said Commission, as fully as any other e 3, 1 > Part of the Estate of the Bankrupt) And for the better Payment of Debts and discouraging Men to become Bankrupts;

P a XII B

io C 20. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

is Giied tl°f ae i1 further enacted, That the said Commissioners or the greater Number of them shall have

oath Bankrupt Power by Virtue of this at, by Deed indented and enrolled within six Months after the making thereof, shall be good, in some of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to grant, bargain, sell and convey any Manors Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof any bankrupt is or shall be in any ways seised of any Estate in Tail, in Possession, Reversion or Remainder, and whereof no Reversion or Remainder is or shall be in the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of the Gift or Provision of his Majesty, hisprogeni tors, his Heirs or successors, to any Person or Persons, for the Relief and Benefit of the Creditors of all such Bankrupts; (z) and that all and every such Grants, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances, shall be good and available in the Law to such Person or Persons and their Heirs, against the said Bankrupts, and against all and every the issues of the Body of such Bankrupts, and against all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title or Interest, by, from, or under the said Bankrupts, after such Time as such Person shall become Bankrupt, and against all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, whom the said Bankrupt by common Recovery, or other Ways or Means might cut off or debar from any Remainder, Reversion, Rent, Profit, Title or Possibility, into or out of any the said Manors, lands, Tc ' nements or Hereditaments.

Conditional

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if atly Person that now is or hereafter shall become a Bankrupt, bvthvbankrupt lave heretofore granted, conveyed or assured, or shall at any time hereafter grant, convey or assure, any may be redeemed Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, or other Estate, unto any person or Persons upon by the Commit Condition, or Power of Redemption at a Day to come, by Payment oh Money or otherwise; That it sioners. shall, and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or the greater Part of them, before the Time

of the.performance of such Condition, to assign and appoint under their hands and Seals such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to make Tenaer or Payment of Money, or other Performance; according to the Nature of such Condition, as fully as the Bankrupt might have done: (2) and that the said Com 1 missioner, or the greater Part of them, shall after such Tender, Payment or Performance, have Power to sell and dispose of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, and other Estates so granted, conveyed or assured upon Condition, to and for the Benefit of the Creditors, as fully.as they may sell or dispose of any the Estate of the Bankrupt.

The Commission

XIV. Provided further. That no Purchaser for good and valuable Consideration shall be impeached by forth withinfive Virtue of this Actor any other act heretofore made against Bankrupts, unless the Commission to prove Years?' - him or her a Bankrupt be sued forth against such Bankrupt within: five Years after he or she shall become a Bankrupt.

takl^dvantf'e

XV. Provided further, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all other Acts of this and naii of Parliament heretofore made against Bankrupts, shall extend to Strangers born, a well Aliens as deni other Laws zens, as effectually as to the natural born Subjects, both to make them subject to the Laws as bankrupt?* Banlc* rupts, as also to make them capable of the Benefit or Contribution as Creditors by those Laws. 13 & 14. fartherprtrvijions Cat. 2, Cap. 24- -

relating b.rcto, 10 Ann, r. 15. j Geo. L C 5 Geo. I. r. 30 (which is continued hj 31 Geo. 2. c. 35 to 29 Sep. 1764j 19 Geo. 2. c. 32, andl^getxz, C 57.

j'i

CAP. XX

V

An Act to prevent and reform profane Swearing and Cursing

as all profane Swearing and Cursing is forbidden by the Word of God Be it therefore ' x1 enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no Person or Persons shall from hence

None shall profanely swear or

igcieo.z. c.zj. forth profanely Swear or Curse': (2) And that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times here after offend herein, either in the hearing of any justice of Peace of the County, or of any Mayor, Justice Peace, Bailiff or Head Officer of any City or Town Corporate, where such Offence is or shall be committed,

or shall thereof be convicted by the Oaths of two Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party, before He that pro any such Justice of Peace of the County, or Head Officer or Justice of the Peace in the City or Town okwcamhoiaii Corporate where such Offence is or shall be committed, to which End every Justice of Peace and every forfeit izd. to such Head Officer shall have Power by this Add to minister the same Oath, That then every such Offender shall for every Time so offending forfeit and pay to the Use of the Poor of that Parish where the same of fence is or shall be committed, the Sum of twelve Pence': (3) And it shall also be lawful for the confta ble. Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of that Parish, by Warrant from such Justice of the Peace or Head Officer, to levy the same Sum and Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering to the Party tyre Overplus: (4) And in Defect of such Distress, the Offender, if he or she be cum. (eh. 1. the above the Age of twelve Years, shall by Warrant from such Justice of the Peace or Head Officer be set tort's do'bi06 m foe Stocks by three whole Hours; but if the offender be under the Age of twelve Years, and shall or 1 J e' not forthwith pay the said Sum of twelve Pence, then he or she, by Warrant of such Justice of Peace or Head Officer, shall be whipped by the Constable, or by the Parent or Mailer in his Presence. inmued^fhau6'

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Offender shall commence any Suit in Law against any plead the Gene Officer or other for such Distraining, Sale of Goods, Whipping or setting in the" Stocks, the Defendant or Defendants may plead the general issue and give the special Matter in Evidence to the Jury at the Trial; and if it be found against the Plaintiff, or that the Plaintiff be nonsuit, the Defendant or Defendants shall be allowed good Cods, to be taxed by the Court.

III. Provided nevertheless, That every Offence against this Law shall be complained of, and proved as abovesaid, within twenty Days after the Offence committed. (2) And it is also enacted, That this Act shall be read in every Parish Church by the Minister thereof, upon the Sunday after Evening Prayer, twice in the Year. -

the Use of the Poor.

The Constable, C shall levy the said Forfeiture.

By 6 & 7 W. 3

[General Issue.]

This Offence shall beprofe cuted within twenty Days. this Act shall be read in the Church twice every Year.

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. G. 2.1, 22. 109

IV. Provided, That this Act shall continue until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by t6 Car. 1. C 4.]

CAP. XXI.

An act concerning Hoftlers and inn holders

BE it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That one Statute made in the seven and Hoftlers or inn thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third, made for the great Dearth that makeno^horse then was in many Places of the Realm, of Poultry, and concerning' the Prices of Poultry: (z) And so bread ° e" much of one Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, as pro 37 j. c. 3. videth, that no Hostler make horse bread in his Hoftrey, nor without, and that the Assize thereof shall pgr.i.sue 1, be kept, and that the Weight be reasonable after the Prices of the Corn in their Markets, and that the same Hoftlers shall sell Hay and Oats, after a reasonable Price, so that they take but one half periy over the common Price in the Market: (.3) And so much of one Statute made in the fourth Year of the Reign 4 h. 4, 0.15. of the late King Henry the Fourth, as doth concern the putting in Execution of the Part of the Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, that is before specified: And The aforesaid one Statute made in the two and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth intituled, An Act Statures concerning the Baking of horse bread: (5) be from henceforth repealed, made void, and of none Effect. repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Hostler or inn holder shall at an Time after the End of this present Session of Parliament, make horse bread in his Hoftrey, nor without, but Bakers shall make it, Hoftlers, C and the Assize shall be kept, and that the Weight be reasonable after the price of the Corn and Grain in ^2° the Markets adjoining; (z) and the Hoftlers or inn holders shall sell their horse bread, and their Hay, They (ha fell Gats, Beans, Peas, Provender, and also all Kind of Victual both for Man and Beast, for reasonable Provender ac gain, having Respect to the Prices for which they shall be sold in the Markets adjoining, without taking cardl.nst0 the anything for Lister. ai e'

III. provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth it may and They may mike' shall be lawful for every Hostler and innkeeper, dwelling in any Town' or Village, being a Thorough horse bread fare or aeommon Passage within this Realm, and being no City, Town Corporate or Market town, '

wherein any common Baker exercising. the Occupation of Baking, and that hath been Apprentice at the ftmt rown, 'laid Occupation by. the Space of seven Years, is dwelling, to make within his House horse bread sufficient, lawful and of due Assize, according, as the Price of Grain and Corn now is and hereafter shall be, from Time to Time; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding'

'- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the horse bread which' any of the If they makei: said Hoftlers or inn holders shall make, be not sufficieiit, lawful and of due Assize, according to the J' °'due.a1f, Price of Grain and Corn as is aforesaid; that if any of them shall offend in anything contrary to puvkshed by the this Act; then the Justices of Assize, Justices ofo/rrand Terminer > Justices of the peace in every Shire, justk.es, in: Liberty or Franchise within this Realm, Sheriffs in their Turns, and Stewards in their Leets and law days, shall have full Power and Authority to inquire, hear and determine the said Defaults and Offences of the said Hoftlers and inn holders, hereafter to be committed against the Form of this present Statute

(2) And the Hostler or inn holder for the first Offence shall be fined according to the Quantity of the Offence; and if being once convicted he shall again offend, for the second Offence he shall be imprisoned for the Space of one Month without Bail or Mainprize, if he shall a third Time offend, being thereof convicted he shall stand upon the Pillory, without being redeemed for Money; and if he shall offend" after the Judgement of the Pillory given, he shall be fore judged for keeping any Inn'again.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the Explanation of the Statutes made in the third, fourth and fifth Years of King Edward the Sixth concerning the Traders of Butter and Cheese.

WHEREAS in a Parliament held at Westm uifter in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of The Statutes at the most excellent Prince of happy Memory, King Edward the Sixth, 'it was enacted, That no \

Person or Persons after the Feast of the Anunciation of our Lady then next coming, should buy to sell Ei. c. 14. again any Butter or Cheese, unless. or they, sold the same again by Retail in open Shop, Fair of explained.'Market, and not in Gross, upon Pain of Forfeiture of double the Value of the same Butter and cheese so sold contrary to the Tenor of the said Act;

' II In and by which Act it is provided and enacted, That the' said word of Retail mentioned in the said Act shall be exppunded, declared and taken only where a Wey of Cheese, or a Barrel of Butter, or a less Quantity, and not above, should be sold at one Time to any Person or Persons in Open shop,

Fair or Market, and that to be done without Fraud or Covin: \

III. And whereas also by one other Act made in a Parliament held at Westminster' in the fifth 5 &6 Ed, 6/ r Year of the Reign of the said late King it was enacted, (airiongst other Things) That, whatsoever ei person or Person should ingross or get into his Hands any Butter or Cheese within the Realm of England, to the Intent to sell the same again, should be accepted, reputed and taken to be an.unlawful Ingrossef, ' and should lose and forfeit the Value of the said Goods: (2) In which Act there is no Proviso for Retailers at all; by Occasion whereof, the Traders for Blitter and Cheese for the City of London are continually vexed and molested by common Informers, sometimes upon the one Statute and sometimes upon the other, to their great Loss and Charge

IV. Now for that by' daily Experience it' is found, that the Traders of Butter and Cheese for there City of London, which fetch and provide the said Butter and Cheese out of diverse Counties, upon their

S*great"

no C 23- Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

The aforesaid acts retrained as to London, Westminster or Southwark.

The Justices o Peace may restrain the Traders in Butter and Cheese to buy those Commodities in the Country.

1 % H. 6. C 3.

2 & 3 Ph, MS.

C great Travel, Charge and Adventure, for Provision of the said City, and of others thereunto resorting, C and there fell the same in their Shops in open Market, not only for the general Use and Service of the said City, and the Countries adjoining, but also for any Occasion which may be offered for the better Expedition of his Majesty's Service; as also for victualling of Ships which daily are victualled from this Port of London, which possibly cannot be performed by the small Quantities aforesaid, and according to the said Statute

V. And whereas the common Informers finding that the Letter of the said Statute extendeth against such as do sell above the Quantity of a Wey of Cheese, or of a Barrel of Butter, at one Time, though it be in open Shop, Fair or Market, and that in the other Act no Proviso at all is made, as aforesaid, ' for Retailers, have of late Years much troubled the Traders of Butter and Cheese within the City of 6 London, with many Informations, as well upon the one Statute as the other, and have gotten several Sums of Money for Composition of them, albeit they then were and are Men that have been Appren tices, trained up in the said Trade, and have no other Living or Trade of Life, to their great Hin ' drance and Impoverishment.

VI. For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the said Acts, or any of them, or any other Act, Statute, Law, Ordinance or other Provision whatsoever heretofore, for or concerning the Sale of Butter or Cheese in open Shop, Fair or Market, or the providing or buying of any Butter or Cheese, shall not in any wise extend to any Person or Persons, being cheese mongers or Tallow chandlers, free of the said City, and having been brought up as Apprentices by the Space of seven Years, trading in Butter and Cheese, for such Butter and Cheese, and either of them, as he and they shall utter and fell within London and the Liberties thereof, or within the Borough of Southwark, or the City of Westminster, for the Victualling of any of the Shipping of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or for the Ships of any other his Majesty's Subjects, or to such Butter or Cheese which he or they shall fell by any Quantities at one Time, and to one Person, not exceeding four Wey of Cheese, or four Barrels of Butter, without Fraud or Covin, so as he or they fell the same in open Shop, Fair or Market; anything in the said Acts and Statutes or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Justices of the

Peace of any of the Counties of this Realm of England or the Dominion of Wales, at their Quarter sessions of any of the said Counties, shall declare and publifti in open Sessions, that the Traders aforesaid in Butter and Cheese shall forbear to buy any Butter or Cheese for any Time within the said County or Counties or within any Parts or Places of the same; that then for and during the Time of such Restraint, the said Traders in Butter and Cheese that shall buy any such Butter or Cheese, and fell the same again by Retail, contrary to any the Acts aforesaid, shall not be freed of or from any the Penalties of the said Acts, but shall be subject to the same as if this Act had never been made. (2) This Act to continue unto the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. C 4. 13 & 14

Car. 2. C z6.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for avoiding of vexatious Delays caused by removing Actions and Suits out of inferior Courts.

Suits com Wf WHEREAS there now are, and long Time have been, diverse Courts of Record in diverse Cities, menced in inre Liberties, Towns Corporate and elsewhere, some of them being far remote from Westminster, rm removed ' ot^prs from the Court of Grand Sections in Wales, which were principally ordained for the Ease and into superior, of such as (hold have Occasion to sue there for Debts, Duties and Wrongs, so that they might

courts, iiniefe, ' with small Expenses receive Justice according to the Merits of their Causes in those inferior Courts, &c' ' without being compelled to travel to Westminster or the Court of the Great Sessions in Wales: (2) But

' of late diverse of his Majesty's loving Subjects, having for just and true Debts and other good and law full Causes, commenced Suits in such inferior Courts, and prosecuted their Actions and Suits many Times ready for Trial, and the same Causes being for the most part but of small Value, have been removed into some of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster or the Court of the Great Sessions in Wales,

and being remanded by Procedendo into the same inferior Courts where the Action or Suit was first commenced, the same have been again oftentimes removed into the same or other of his Majesty's,

Courts at wejltminster or Court of the Great Sessions in Wales, to the intolerable Delay of justice, and

great Expenses of Money, and Loss and Trouble, to those which justly and honestly by such Actions and Suits have fought only to recover or get Satisfaction for Debts, Duties or Wrongs owing, due or done unto them

No Wiit tore II For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual' move a Suit and Temporal, and by the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of an inscriorco iirt the same. That no Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus, Certiorari, or any other Writ or Writs, Proeefs' shall be obeyed, or Processes whatsoever, other than Writs of Error or Attaint, to be (ued forth after the End of this uver^dumoyhe present Session of Parliament, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, out of or from any of his Majesty's steward.&c.of Courts at Westminster or the Court of the Great Sessions in Wales, or out of any other Court or Courts the same court having or pretending to have Power to award such Writs or Processes, to stay or remove any Action, Demurrer r Bill, Plaint, Suit or Cause brought, commenced or depending, or hereafter to be brought, commenced, }etircd*f£r or depending, in any Court or Courts of Record within any City, Liberty, Town Corporate or else

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. C. 24. Hi

where, which have or shall have jurisdiction, Power or Authority to hold Plea in that Action, Bill, S farther n plaint, Suit or Cause: The same Cause of Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit arising or growing within the said Cfaci4 City, Liberty, Town Corporate or jurisdiction, shall after the End of this present sdtion of Parlia car i. c.t.sea '6 ment be received or allowed by the Steward or Stewards, Judge or Judges, or Officer or Officers of the y Car ' >* Court or Courts wherein or to whom any such Writ or Writs shall be directed and delivered; but that y: lt he and they shall and may proceed in the said Cause or Causes as though no such Writ or Writs were s sued forth or delivered to him or them, except that the said Writ or Writs be delivered to the Steward a«di % ge<).uc.i %. or Stewards, Judge or Judges, Officer or Officers of the said Court, before issue or Demurrer joined in carthew 69. the said Cause or Causes so depending or to be depending in any such Court of Record in any City, 3 Mod. 85. Liberty, Town Corporate or elsewhere, having Power to hold such Plea, so as the said Blue or Demurrer be not joined within six W eeks next after the Arrest or Appearance of the Defendant or Defendants to such Action or Suit commenced.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit a Suit once rf. or Cause, which is or shall hereafter be brought, commenced or depending in any such Court of Record manded mall in any City, Liberty, Town Corporate or elsewhere, shall after the End of this present Session of brrvmovtcb^ 8 Parliament be removed or staid by any such Writ or Writs, Process or Processes to be sued forth or out

of any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster or the Court of the Great Sessions in Wales or any other Court as aforesaid, that if afterwards the same Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Cause shall be remanded or sent back, again by any Writ or Writs of Procedendo or other Writ whatsoever; that then the said Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Cause, shall never afterwards be removed or staid before Judgement, by any Writ or Writs whatsoever to be sued forth or out of any of his Majesty's said Courts at Westminster or the said Court of Great Sessions in Wales, or any other Court as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, custom, Usage or Restraint to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit a Suit, when or Cause, not concerning Freehold or Inheritance, or Title of Land, Lease or Rent, which shall be sly Thing in brought, commenced or depending in any such Court of Record in any City, Liberty, Town Corporate notfiv^pounds or elsewhere, if it shall appear, or be laid in the Declaration, that the Debt, Damages or Things de mall not be re manded, doth or shall not amount to or exceed the Sum of five Pounds: That then such Action, Bill, moved.

Plaint, Suit or Cause, shall not be stayed nor removed into any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster Eniargelby

or other Courts as aforesaid, by any Writ or Writs whatsoever, to be sued or prosecuted forth or out Geo. 1. c. 29. of his Majesty's said Courts at Westminster or other Courts as aforesaid, other than Writs of Error orfcft 3« Attaint; any Law, Statute, Usage, Custom or Restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Writ or Writs whatsoever, shall be after the End of this present Session of Parliament granted or sued forth or out of any of his Majesty's said Courts at Westminster or Court of the Great Sessions in Wales or aether Court contrary to the intent and Meaning of this present Act, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judge or Judges, and Officer or Officers, to whom such Writ or Writs shall be directed or delivered, to disallow and refuse the same, and to proceed as if no such Writer Writs had been granted or sued out or forth as aforesaid; any Law, Statute Usage, Custom or Restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That this Act shall extend only to such Courts of Record in Cities, Liberties, This Aa mall Towns Corporate and elsewhere, and for so long Time only, as there is or shall be an Utter Barrister only extend; to: f three Years standing at the Bar of one of the four Inns of Court, that is or shall be Steward, Under

Steward, or Deputy steward, Town clerk, or Judge, or Recorder of the same inferior Court, or when the srew jthat is or shall be from Time to Time Assistant to such Judge or Judges of such inferior Courts as ard is an utter 'shall nor be Utter barristers of such standing as is aforesaid, and there present, in which such Actions, ear' 7*°'

Bills, Plaints, Suits or Causes is or shall be brought, commenced or depending, and not of Coivifel in '79'

my Action, Suit or Cause then depending in the same inferior Court; anything in this present Actor any Law, or other Statue, Usage, Custom or Restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided that this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not' extend to any Action, Bill, This Aa shall

Plaint, Suit or Cause, wherein any such Foreign or other Plea shall be pleaded as could not be tried or fxv>d determined within the Jurisdiction of such inferior Courts. any orc!sd '

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the Relief of Creditors against such Persons as die in Execution.

Forasmuch as heretofore it hath been much doubted and questioned, if any Person being in Prison The Lands of [ JD and charged in Execution by reason of any Judgement given against him, should afterwards hap him that dies in pen to die in Execution, whether the Party at whose Suit or to whom such Person flood charged in Ex d^r'eabie*1*

; ecution at the Time of his Death, be for ever after concluded and barred to have Execution of the with the Debts,

; Lands and Goods of such Person so dying: ' Viny. n. 37*

II. And forasmuch as daily Experience doth manifest, that diverse Persons of Sufficiency in Real and Personal Estate, minding to deceive others of their just Debts for which they flood charged in Execution, have obstinately and wilfully chosen rather to live and die in Prison than to make any Satisfaction according to their Abilities: To prevent which Deceit, and for the Avoiding of such Doubts and questions hereafter; (2) Be it declared, explained and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

h2 C 25. Anno vicesimo primo jacobi 1. A.D. 1623.

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the End of this present Session of Par a new Execu Iiament, the Party or Parties, at whose Suit or to whom any Person shall (land charged in Execution for tion may be a any Debt or Damages recovered, his or their Executors or Administrators, may after the Death of the theland^of Person so charged and dying in Execution, lawfully sue forth and have new Execution against the

him that diet in Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chattels or any of them, of the person so deceased, in such Man execution. ner and Form, to all Intents and purposes, as he or they or any; of them, might have had.by the Laws, and Statutes of this Realm, if such Person so deceased had never been taken or charged in Execution. Tilts Act shall HI, Provided always, and be it declared and enabled, That this act shall not extend to give Liberty Lands fold bonat0 any person or Persons, their Executors or Administrators, whose Suit or Suits any such Party shall side, .'be in Execution, and die in Execution, to have or take any new Execution against any the Lands, Tenements

or Hereditaments of such Party: so dying in Execution, which: shall at any Time after the said Judgement or Judgments be by him sold bona fide, for the Payment of any of his Creditors, and.

the Money which shall be paid for the Lands so sold, either paid or secured to be paid to any of his Creditors, with their Privity and Consent, in Discharge of his or their due Debts, or of some Part thereof; 'anything before in this Act to the contrary, thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

CAP. XXV.

An act for the Relief of Patentees, Tenants and Farmers of Crown lands and Duchy lands, or of Lands within the Survey of the Court of Wards and Liveries, in Cases of Forfeiture for not Payment of their Rents, or other Service or Duty.

' ttoraftnuch as the King's Majesty, out of his. gracious Disposition, is and ever hath been averse ' JJ from taking any Advantage, howsoever lawful and just, against any of his Subjects, growing by any Forfeiture, Breach of Condition, or ftridf Interpretation of his Highness Grants or Letters pa tents, or the Grants or Letters Patents of any of his Royal Predecessors, of any Manors, Lands, Te

or Hereditaments; .(2) and yet the Grantees or Patentees deriving their Estates by or from his Majesty or his Predecessors, have been too apt and ready to exact the Advantage of such For ' feiture, where his Majesty himself or his Predecessors have not required the same, which hath been ever held an unequal and extreme Course, and hath many Times been relieved by Suits in Courts of Equity, though with the great Charge and Trouble of the Parties endangered thereby

No Advantage II For Remedy whereof as well where the King as any of his Predecessors or Successors hath granted

betaken F or shall grant the said Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or the Re orte version or any Part thereof, to any other, as where the Reversion, Remainder or Estate thereof is or nantsfornon shall be in the King's Majesty, or his Successors, in the Right of the Crown of England, or Duchy payment of of Lancaster, or otherwise, his Majesty of his abundant Grace towards his loving Subjects is graciously

Kent, X pleased that it be enacted; (2) and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the

Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having, holding or pollening, or which hereafter shall have, hold or possess, any Manors, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, by virtue or Colour of any original Grant or Lease, or Assignment of the same, made by the King's Majesty, or any of his Predecessors, or to be made by any of his Successors, for any Number of Years, for Life or l.ivesj in fee tail or See ample, or other Estate, whereupon any Rent, Service or other ..Duty hath been, is or shall be reserved or payable with or under any Condition or Limitation of re entry, Cefler, or to be void for Default of Payment of fetch Rent, or Performance of fetch Service or Duty, heretofore hath made, or any other by, from or under whom he claimeth, hath made, or any which hereafter shall have, hold or possess, shall make any Default therein, and yet after such Default made, such Rent, Service or other Duty hath been or shall be answered, paid or done unto his Majesty, or any of his Predecessors or Successors, into his or their Receipt of the Exchequer, or Duchy of Lancaster, or Court of Wards, or to airy other having Authority to receive the same, as the Case shall require, before any Advantage of such Forfeiture or Cause of Forfeiture hath been or shall be taken, and before any Commission awarded to inquire, or other Process issued touching the said Forfeiture, or nonpayment of Rent, that in all such Cases no Advantage shall be taken by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of, for or by Reason of any such Forfeiture or Cause of Forfeiture.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person or Persons claiming, or which afterwards shall claim, by, from or under his Majesty, or any of ids Predecessors or Successors, at any Time after such Cause or Title of Forfeiture given, shall in any wise have or take, any Benefit or Advantage, by Reason, Means. or Colour of such Default made or to be made; (2) but that every such Estate forfeited or forfeitable by Means or Occasion of such Default of Payment of Rent, or Performance of Service or other Duty, shall. adjudged to continue and have its Being, as if no such Default or Cause of Forfeiture had been had or made; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

A.D. 1623.anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. C. 26 — 28. 113

CAP. XXVI.

An Act against such as shall levy any Fine, suffer any Recovery, knowledge any Statute, Recognisance, Bail or Judgement, in the Name of any other Person or Persons not being privy and consenting thereto.

WHEREAS it is of late grown to be a great and general Grievance to his Majesty's Subjects

within the Realm of England, and the Dominion of Wales, that many lewd Persons of bale 1 Condition, for very little Reward or Recompense, have of late Years used and (till do use to levy Fines,

' and suffer Recoveries of Lands and other Hereditaments, to acknowledge Statutes, Recognizances, Bails

and Judgments, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons not privy or consenting to the same, which hath and daily doth turn to the great Inquietation, Charge, Trouble and Undoing of many of the good Subjects of this Kingdom, and the rather, for that there is no Remedy in Law

to reform these and the like Abuses,

II. For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual it is Felony to

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, j.evr: Fine fuf* That all and every Person and Persons which at any Time after the End of this present Session of Par tejn anou?er liament shall acknowledge, or procure to be acknowledged, any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recove name not privy ries. Deed or Deeds enrolled, Statute or Statutes, Recognisance or Recognizances, Bail or Bails, Judge u^to. mentor Judgments, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons not privy or consenting jon^sv r. to the same, and being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shall be adjudged, esteemed and taken to 3 Kd. 604.'be Felons j (z) and suffer the Pains of Death, and incur such Forfeitures and Penalties, as Felons in This Felony other Cases convicted or attainted do by the Laws of England lose and forfeit, without the Benefit or Pri than not corrupt vilege of Clergy to be allowed to any such Offender or Offenders. (3) Provided always, That such Blood nor Attainder shall not be any Corruption of Blood, nor Loss of Dower to the Wife, but the next Heir shall doweit"y have the Lands whereof such Persons attainted died seized, and such Wife her Dower, as if no such At see^/r.&m. tainder had been had. ? 4-

III. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act shall not An Attorney

extend to any Judgement or Judgments acknowledged by any Attorney or Attorneys of Record, for any ydo it._where Person or Persons against whom any such Judgement or Judgments shall be had or given. given6" "

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to prevent the Destroying and Murdering of Bastard Children.

WHEREAS many lewd Women that have been delivered of Bastard Children, to avoid their Shame, and to escape Punishment, do secretly bury or conceal the Death of their Children, and after, if the Child be found dead, the said Women do allege, that the said Child was born dead;

' whereas it falleth out sometimes (although hardly it is to be proved) that the said Child or Children were murdered by the said Women, their lewd Mothers, or by their Assent or Procurement

II. For the Preventing the refore of this great Mischief, be it enacted by the Authority of this pre it shall be Mur. sent Parliament, That it any Woman, after one Month next ensuing the End of this Session of Par there for mo liament be delivered of any Issue of her Body, Male or Female, which being born alive, (hold by the Death oner Laws of this Realm be a Bastard, and that northeast endeavour privately, 'either by drowning or secret bu bastard child, 'rying thereof, or any other Way, either by herself or the procuring of others, so to conceal the Death Burn, V. r<p thereof, as that it may not come to Light, whether it were born alive or not, but be concealed: In

every such Case the said Mother so offending shall suffer Death as in Case of Murder, except such Mother can make Proof by one Witness at the lead, that the Child (whose Death was by her so intended to be concealed) was born dead, (z) And this Act to continue until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament. f3 Car. C 14. continued until the End of the first Session of the next. parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. cap. J > - i

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for continuing and reviving of diverse Statutes, and Repeal of diverse others.

made in the one and twen ships. An Act for true making of 21«. s,

twentieth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, intituled, 'An Act against killing of young Beads called Weanlings V Cattle.

(3) And two Acts made in the Parliament held at Westminster by Prorogation the fourth Day of No 24 H s vember, and continued until the first Day of February next after, in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of the late"ksngedzvard the Sixth; the one intituled, An Act for the Bying and Selling of Rother, 4e ' Beasts and Cattle (4) the other intituled, 'An Act for the Buying and Selling of Butter and Cheese: 'vitfual.

(S) And one Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act For 3*t £<* ' Preservation of Spawn and Fry of Fish(6) and.an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of|'imv vol. III " V -1 - I - 'the tejiz. c.

C IS,

C.J,

6.

5.

II. C 28.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

Merchants,

S Eliz. C 7. Pith.

5 ehz, C 5,

Games,

8 Eliz. C 10,

Purveyors.

13 Eliz. C 2t. Ecclesiastical Per Tonnes.

13 eliz.c, io. Leases.

13 Eliz. C 20.

14 eliz. c. u., 18 Eliz. C 7i, «Eliz. C 9. Poor.

la. Ehz. C 5.'. 18ei42. c. 3.

the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for avoiding diverse Foreign Wares made by Handi craftlmen beyond the Seas: '(7) And so much of one Act made in the said fifth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act touching certain politic Constitutions made for the Maintainance of the Navy, 'as is not repealed by any later Statute, nor doth concern the Transportation. of Herring or other. sea fish, nor Freedom of Custom, Subsidy or Tonnage for die same, nor trans jsortation of Corn, hor the Prohibiting the Bringing into this Realm any Cod or Lings in Barrels, or o there Casks; together with all and every other Additions, Explanations and Alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any Part thereof, by any Statute or Statutes made fithence the making of the said last mentioned Act, and in force the last Day of the Session of Parliament that was in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign of England: (8) And an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen. elizabeth, intituled, ' An Act for Bowyers, < and the Prices of Bows: '(9). And three Acts made in the thirteenth Year of her laid majesty's Reign, one intituled, 'An Act that Purveyors may take Corn and..*vidtuus within five Miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certain Cases; (10) one other, An Act against.

ivanrle rl no kpnmnipc inr Ijilorrwlntinnc I nolnli'i/ttnol T ivino.c A iq. T. tun

tions thereof, or of any of them, or to any of them, made by several Statutes of the fourteenth, eighteenth and three and fortieth Year of her said late majesty's Reign: (13) And so much of an Act mader in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for the punishment of Vagabonds, and for the Relief of the Poor and Impotent' asconcerneth the Taxing, Rating, Levying, Receiving and Employing of gaol money: (14) And so much of an Acts made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for setting the Poor on Work,

and avoiding Idleness, 'as concerneth Bastards begotten out of lawful Matrimony: (15) And an Act made in the said eighteenth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intitiued, An Act for the Repairing and Amending of the Bridges and Highways near unto the City of Oxford: (16) And two Acts made in the seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, the one intituled, 'An Act for the Maintenance of the Pier and Cob of Lime regis in the County of Dorset: 'fryj And the other intituled, An Act for the good Government of the City or Borough of Westminster

(18) Andtwo other Acts made in the said seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen. Elizabeth, the one intituled, An Act for the reviving of a former Statute for the true making of Malt

(19) and the other intituled, An Act for the keeping the Sea banks and sea works in the county of " Norfolk: '(20) And an Adfmade in the one and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for the true Gauging of Vessels brought from beyond the Seas, converted by Brewers for the Utterance and Sale of Ale and Beer: '(21) And two Acts made in the five and thirtieth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, the one intituled, An Act for the Reformation of sundry Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kcriies or" Dozens, according to a Proclamation of the four and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign; '(22) the other intituled, An Act for the bringing in of Clapboard from the Parts beyond the Seas, and the restraining iof the Transporting of Wine Casksj for the sparing and preserving of Timber within the Realm: '(zzj) And so much of one Act made in the said five and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen elizabeth,: intituled, An Act to retain the queen's majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience, 'as hath not been, fithence repealed by any other Statute: (24) And the several Acts hereafter mentioned, made in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, that is. to say, An Act intituled, An Act for the Punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars, 'with.

j.jac. i. C 25- the Provision annexed thereunto by one Act made in the first Year of the King's majesty's Reign that fe uz C 1 northwest s intituled, ran Act for the continuing and reviving of diverse Statutes, and for repealing of some °' 4 others: (-25. An Act intituled, 4 An Act for the Increase of Mariners, and for Maintenance of Navigation, 'repealing a former Act made, in the twenty-third Year of her said majesty's Reign, bearing; the same Title; (26) An Act intituled, An Act for the Explanation of the Statute made in the fifth., Year of her said majesty's Reign, concerning Labourers; (27. An Act intituled, An Act prohibiting., the bringing into this Realm of foreign Cards for Wool: '(28. An Act intituled, An Act for excessive making of Malt) An Act intituled, An Act against lewd and wandering Persons, pretending to be '.soldiers or Mariners: '{3.0) And the several Acts hereafter mentioned, made in the three and tortieth. Year of the Reign of the l'aidlate Queen Elizabeth, that is to say, An Act intituled, An Act for the northeast ceifary Relief of Soldiers and Mariners, (31. An Act intituled, An Act to avoid trifling and frivolous Suits in Law in her majesty's Courts at Westminster; '(32. An Act intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, 'with the Addition thereunto made by an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign oieng land., intituled, An Act for continuing ofdivers Statutes, and for Repeal of some others (3.3) and with this further Addition, And be it enacted, That all Persons to whom the Overseers of the Poor shall, accord thf Overseers of ing to the said Act, bind any Children Apprentices, may take and receive, and keep them as appren mv^apprentices' toes»former Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; (34. An Act intituled, An Act for the Diapery. '4 true making and working of Woollen Cloth; (35). An Act intituled, An Act to prevent Perjury and 43 eliz. c. 10. 4 Subornation of Perjury, and unnecessaryexpence in, Suits of Law: '(3-6) And the several Acts made

43 Etui*"' <. the yar of the Reign of our now Sovereign Lord the King, after mentioned; one intituledv Apprentice' 4 An Act made for the Explanation of the Statute made in the fifth Year of the late Queen elizabeth's

1 ja'e. 'ate. 6. ' Reign concerning Labourers (37) another intituled, '.an act for the Continuance and Explanation <eiiz CI 4 f the S tatute made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intitu

1 jrc.'i.'c.v, led, An Act for piuiishment of Rogues, V \gabqnds and Sturdy Beggars: '.(38) Another intituled,

39 eliz. c. 4.*An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy, for some kind of Mauftaughter: '(39.) Another intitu

I'fac j t 8 ' led, An Act to restrain the uiordinate Flaunting and Tipling in Inns, Alehouses and Other Victualling

Aie. ' ' ' 'loufes;

Way.

IS eliz. c. zo.

Sewers, ay Eliz. not printed. Frarchife.

*7 Eliz. not printed.

Corn.

27 Eliz. C 14. Sewers.

27 Eliz. C 44. Ale.

31 Eliz. C Drapery.

35 Eliz. C 10. Merchants 35 Eliz. C 11.

Pope.

35 Eliz. C t. Poor.

39 Eliz. C Continuance.

Apprentice 39eliz. c. IX

5 Eliz. C 4. Drapery.

39 Eliz. c. 14. Corn.,

39 Eliz. ic. 16. Poor.

39 eliz. c. 17.

43 Eliz, C 3. Suits,

43 Eliz. C 6. Poor.

43 Eliz. C z. Contiauance.

1 Jac. 1. C ac Poor.

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. G. 28. 115

houses: (40) Another intituled, An Act for avoiding Deceit in selling, buying or spending corrupt and nc. 9.

'unwholesome Hops: '(41) Another Act intituled, 'an Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shod,

' makers and other Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather, 'saving for such Part thereof as is re 'leatiier.' pealed by one other Act made in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign of England, in that Behalf Jac (42) Another intituled, "An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes 4'ac' C 6'

' made against (hooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and a fowl,

' gainst the destroying of Hares with hare pipes, and tracing.hares in the Snow: '(43) And another' jac>c

entitled, ' An Act for the Charitable Relief, and ordering of Persons infected with the Plague: '(44) And Poor.

the several Acts made in the third Year of the Reign of our said Sovereign Lord King James after mentioned,

the one intituled, 'An Act for avoiding unnecessary Delays of Execution: '(43} Another intituled, 3 jac', C s' '

An Act for the Relief of such as lawfully use the Trade and Handicraft of Skinners: '(46) anotherueathw.

entitled, ' An Act for the Rating and Levying of the Charges for conveying Malefactors and offenders'9;

' to the Gaol: '(4.7) Another act intituled, 'An Act for Transportation of.beer over the Seas': jjac!, C if (48) And another intituled, 'An Act for repairing of the Highway from Nonsuch to Talworth, in the lac CI

' Parishes of Ewell and Long ditton in the County of Surrey, leading to Kingston upon Thames in the'"'tb C

' County aforesaid: '(49) And that the several Acts made in the fourth Year of the Reign of our now3'j '

Sovereign Lord King James after mentioned, the one intituled, 'An Act for the true making of Dupery:

Woollen Clothes: '(30) Another intituled, 'An Act for the Repressing the odious and loathsome, 'c'z"

Sin of Drunkenness: '(51) And another intituled, 'An Act for the better Provision of Meadow and 4 jf. r. C 5.

Pallure, for the necessary Maintenance of Husbandry and Tillage in the Manors, lordftrip s.'and Pa husbandry.

riffles of Marden alias Mawarden, Bodenbam, Wellington, Suit on St. Michael, Sutton Si. Nicholas, Mur Jac i, C "

tonne upon Lugge and the Parish of Pipe and every of them, in the County of Hereford: '. (32) And the several Acts made in the seventh Year of the Reign of our said Sovereign Lord King James' after Scotland, mentioned; the one intituled, An Act for the better Execution of Justice, and suppressing of criminal 7 Jae. 0, 1.

'Offenders in the North Parts of the Kingdom of England; '(53) Another intituled, 'An Act for the Poor.

due Execution of diverse Laws and Statutes - heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy 7 Jac. 1. C 4,

Beggars, and other lewd and idle Persons: '(54) Another intituled, ' 'An Act for Ease in Pleading, Pleading.

against troublesome and contentious Suits prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Constables 7 lac c 5* r 4 and certain other his Majesty's Officers, for the lawful Execution of their Office: '(.-55) Another, intituled, 'An Act to prevent the Spoil of Corn and Grain by untimely Hawking, and for the better Preservation fowl,

of Pheasants and Partridges: '(56) Another intituled, An Act to avoid the double Payment of Debts: '7 pc. 1. C n, (57) Another intituled, An Act for the Explanation of one Statute made in the third Year of the V*'. t. C, Reign of our now Sovereign Lord King James, intituled, An Act against unlawful. Hunting and Steal 7 jac. uc.'if ing of Deer and Conies: '(38) Another intituled, An Act against Burning of Ling, Heath and other foceft moor burning in the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lantajier; f jirbindryi3i*Derby, Nottingham and Leicester, at unreasonable Times in the Year: '(5-9) Another intituled, An Act 7 jac., C 7.

for the Taking, Landing, and Carrying of Sea sand, for the bettering of Grounds, and for rite In 7 Jac 1. C II

creafeof Com and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: '(60) And another intituled,

4. An Act for the speedy Recovery of many thousand Acres of Marsh Ground within the Counties of Nor Sewers.

4/iff and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea, in diverse Parts of the said Counties, and for 7- Jac C 26;

the Prevention of the Danger of the like, surrounding hereafter; '(61) shall by Virtue of this Act be The 58 statutes adjudged, ever since the Session of Parliament in the seventh Year of nis majesty's Reign of England, to above.memion have been of such Force and Effect as the lame were the last day of that Session, and" from thenceforth uncuhtnexc until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament., 'Parliament,

II. Provided nevertheless, that so much of every of the said Acts, a, s by ?ny new Act made in this Session of Parliament, shall be explained, altered or repealed, shall for so much thereof from the End of this Session of Parliament, (land and be enforce, as by those other Acts shall be ordained.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That when Corn.

the Prices of Qorn or Grain exceed not the Rates hereafter following, at the Times, Havens and Places, When Corn may

when and where the same Corn or Grain shall be bought, shipped or loaden, viz. The Quarter of Wheat ^car.^c!^. '

at two and thirty Shillings, the Quarter of Rye at twenty Shillings, the Quarter of Peas and Beans at

sixteen Shillings, the Quarter of Barley or Malt at fvxteen Shillings, of current English 'ivloney; That

then it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, being Subjects of the King's Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, to carry and transport of his own, (2) and to buy to sell again in Market

and out of Markets, and to keep or sell, [or carry and transport any of the said Corn and Grain, from the'

Places where they shall be of such Prices, unto any Parts beyond the Seas in Amity with his Majesty, as Merchandise in Ships, Crays, or other Vessels, whereof any english born Subject or Subjects then shall be the Owner or Owners, or the same to carry. and fell in other Places within this Realm or Dominions thereof; any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary hereof no twith Sanding: (3). Aped, that the king's'ma The custom jesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have and receive by the Customers and Officers of his Port's, for tlid and Pounds Custom or Poundage of every Quarter of Wheat, to be transported by Force' of this Statute out of this of Realm, two Shillings; of every Quarter of other Grain, sixteen. Pence: Which said several Sums so to be had and taken as Custom or Poundage, shall be in full Satisfaction of all Manner of Custom or Poundage for the said Corn or Grain', by any Constitution, Order, Statute, Law or Custom heretofore made, nfed or taken, for transporting "of any such Manner of Corn or Grain. p,

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament; That thte 'king's The Xing oy Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, 1 may at all. Times by his and their Writ of Proclamation; to be puttv Pioclamatida. lished generally in the whole Realm, or in any of the Counties of the Realm where any Port Towns are, 4eftrsifl. Command; That no Person shall by Virtue of this Act transp ort or convey any. Manner of (jraifoiittof of coin"*'0!i

n6 C 28.

All Sanctuaries taken away.

3 inst.115, 217. Oath.

5 Eliz. C 9.

29 Eliz. c. 5.

1 Jac. 1. C 25. ie. 29.

5 Eliz. C 9.

Fowl.

25 H. 8. C n.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

his Highness Dominions generally, or out of any special Ports to be in the same Proclamation particularly named, for such Time as shall be therein limited and appointed: (z) And it shall not be lawful for any Person to carry out any such Grain, contrary to the Tenor of the same Proclamation, upon such Pains and Forfeitures as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are and have been provided and ordained in that Behalf; this act or anything therein contaified to the contrary notwithstanding.

Drapery. V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall incur any Penalty for want of

Weirn Co irons. Length, Breadth or Weight of jvejjh Cottons, under the Price of fifteen Pence the Yard or two Shillings Iwtfjk'6" - Goad, so as they be not mixed with Hair or other deceitful Stuff, nor for any others above that Price, & '5 pin & m. except they be mixed as aforesaid, or shall shrink above the Rate of half a Yard in twelve Yards of Length, C 5, fc£t. 11. or weigh less than fourteen Ounces the Yard, or hold not full three Quarters of a Yard broad.

[Sanctuary]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Statutes heretofore made, that take

ah Statutes that away sanctuary for any Offence, shall for so much as concerneth the taking away of such Sanctuary be bngmwy of" revived, and shall he and Hand in Force and Power; any Words of Repeal contained in the Statute made Sanctuaries, rein the first Session of Parliament held in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign of England, intituled, An Act vived. for continuing and reviving diverse Statutes, and for repealing of same others, or in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it also enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no Sanctuary or Privilege of Sanctuary shall be hereafter admitted or allowed in any Case. 22 H. 8> cap. 14.

VIII. And whereas in a Session of Parliament held in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, one Act was made, intituled, An Act for the Punishment of such as shall procure or commit Perjury; And by one other Act made in the Session of Parliament begun in the eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, it was enacted, That the said Act Should from thenceforth ' be, remain and continue in Force and Effect for ever: (2) And yet nevertheless in the Parliament held 1 Jac. 1, C 25. ' in tie first Year of his Majesty's Reign of England, by one Act intituled, An Act for continuing and re -- ' viving of diverse Statutes y and for repealing of some other, it was amongst other Things enacted, That the said Act made in the said fitth Year of the said late Queen Elizabeth, for Punishment of Perjury, C should be revived, 'and continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament; '(3) It is now declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That the said Act concerning Perjury made perpetual, made in the said fifth Year and every, Clause, Branch, Article and Provision therein, doth now stand, and shall from henceforth be, remain and continue in Force and Effect for ever.,

IX. And be it also enacted, That one Part of the Statute made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Destruction of Wildfowl, which was repealed by a later Act made in the Parliament held in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of the

3.4c' 7* late King Edward the Sixth, shall be revived and stand in Force until the End of the first Session of the

next Parliament.

Ways. X And be it also enacted, That one Act made in the first Year of the reign of the late Queen Mary,

im. Sefn 3. C 5. for anci concerning the Making, Repairing and Amendment of the common Highway and Causey in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, between the Towns of Shaftsbury and Sherborn in the same County of Dorset, be revived and stand in Force until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

©ufter le mere.

XI. And be it further enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That one Statute made in the 4 Ed. j, C 8. fourth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third, reciting. That before that Time a horseman was wont to have his Passage over the Sea from the Port of Dover for two Shillings, and a Footman for sixpence, and ordering concerning Passage at Dover and other Places, as in the said Statute is con 13 R, Stat. 1. tained: (2) And one other Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the c. 10. Second, by which it is enacted, That all Pilgrims, and all other People, except certain Persons in that

Statute excepted, shall pass at the Ports of Dover and Plymouth, and not elsewhere, without special Licence of the King himself: (3) And one Statute made in the fourth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Fourth, concerning Passage from Dover, and all other Statutes therein recited or mentioned

(4) And one other Statute made in the sevenand thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third, concerning the Prices of Poultry: (5) And one Statute made in the four and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third, concerning Weights and Measures, and beginning, where it is contained in the great Charter, that one Measure shall be used through the Realm, and by which is ordained, That certain Articles shall be held and kept, mon the Pains contained in a Statute made in the eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third: (6) And one other Statute made in the said four and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Edward the Third, by which it is ordained. That the Passage of Corn shall be defended in all the Ports of England, so that none have Licence or Warrant to pass with such Corn in any wise, unless it be to certain Places in the said at specified: (7) And one Statute made in the seventeenth.year of the Reign of the late King Richard the Second, whereby Licence is granted to all the King's Liege People to ship and carry Corn out of the Realm

(8) And one Statute made in the third Year of tyre Reign of the late King Edward the Fourth, concerning Corn not to be brought into the Realm in certain Cases: (9) And one Statute made in the fourth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, concerning the Prices of Hats and Caps:

(10) And one other Statute made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the Second, ordering that the Passage of Tin out of the Realm shall be at the Port of Dartmouth, and nowhere else: (n) And one other Statute made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the Second, concerning Carriage of Tin to Calict: (iz) And one Statute made in the fourth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Fifth, concerning making of Pattens of Afp: (13) And one Statute made in the six and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third, concerning Stipend and Wages of Priests, and Priests paffrng from one Diocese to another:. (14) And one other Statute made

4 Ed. 4. C 10. «; Ed. 3. C 8.

Fowl.

37 Ed. 3. c. 3, Measures.

34 Ed. 3. C 6,

Corn.

34 Ed. 3. C 20.

17 R. 2^ C 7.

jed. 4. c. 2.

Apparel. 4h.7. C g.

Metal.

14 R. 2. C

R. 2. C ood.

4h. 5. e.

Eccieliafticat

Persons.

36 Ed. 3. C S. 2 H. 5. Stat.

m

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I.

C 28. 317

C 12,

c. 6.

14,

in the Second Year of the Reign of th late King Henry the Fifth, concerning Wages or Stipend of Chaplains and Priests: (15) And so much, of one at made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, Draptry. as appointed the Rates and Prices how Broad Clothes of the Colour of Scarlet, or other Colours, and other H 7' c' '* Clothes shall be sold: (16) And one Statute made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of the late king henryvom the seventh, concerning Vagabonds, unlawful Games and Alehouses, and every Part thereof, together with11h'7' c'*' one Statute made in the Time of the late King Richard the Second therein mentioned: (17) And oner cs Statute made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, concerning Vaga 19 7' c' '*

bonds. Beggars, unlawful Games and Alehouses, and every Part thereof: (18) And one Statute made the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third, concerning valiant Beggars: (19) And one other Statute made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the R, c's' Second, concerning roberts men, draw latches, Vagabonds and Faitors: (20) And seven several as Apprentice, and Statutes made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the Second, whereof they T (irft concerneth Artificers, Labourers, Servants, V ictuallers; (zi) the second concerneth Wages of Servants; (22) the third concerneth labouring at Plough and Cart; (23) the fourth concerneth Servants R. C bearing of Buckler, Swords and Daggers, and using unlawful Games; (24) the fifth concerning persons llr 2, C 6; that go a begging; (2;,) the sixth concerning those that feign themselves Men travelling out of the Realm, 11r C V and mere to be imprisoned; (26) and the seventh concerneth the Execution of the Ordinances aforesaid11 C

concerning Servants, Labourers, Beggars and Vagabonds; (27) And one Act or Statute made in thepoo£ two and twentieth \ ear of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act hew aged, poor H, 2! C II and impotent' Per font, compelled to live by Alms, shall be ordered, and' how Vagabonds and mighty strong Beggars shall be punished, and every Part thereof: (28) And one Act or Statute made in the third Year of the Reign 3 s '4ed 6 cii of the late King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act touching the Punishment of Vagabonds, and other idle Persons; (29) And one Statute made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, g concerning Wax chandlers, the Price of Candles, and other Things wrought of Wax: (30) And that Part of one Statute, commonly called Statutum de Pijlor thus, C 5. i Vol. 186. which ordaineth, That the aliize of Wine shall be kept according to the Assizeof our Sovereign Lord the King, that is to wit, a se.v tern at twelve pence; and that if the Taverners exceed the same Assize, their Doors shall be (hut up by the Mayors and Bailiffs, and shall not be suffered to sell Wine until they have obtained Licence of the King: (31) And one Statute made in the four and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the4 3-

Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning the Sale of Wines: (32) And that Part of one Statute made in the h.s. eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, by which it is ordained. That no Person or Persons shall sell any Gascoigne, Guyen or French Wines, above certain Prices in that Act mentioned, under the Pain in the said Act specified; and that no Malmseys, Romneys, Sacks, or other Sweet W ines, shall be sold by Retail above the Prices therein contained, under the Pains in that Act mentioned:

(33) And also that Part of a Statute made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late kingdrap'er>' henry the Eighth, by which it is enacted, That the Lords and Owners of the Meafes, Tenements or15"'8, 1,*' Cottages in the City of Worcester and other Towns and Boroughs in the said Act mentioned, should at no Time after that admit, fetor let any Meafe, Tenement or Cottage sufficiently repaired within tyre said City, Borough or Towns in that Act limited, to any Person or Persons that after that (hold inhabit in the said City, Borough or Towns, and exercising the Mysteries or Craft in that Act mentioned, at any higher Rent, Imposition or Charge, than was given for the lame at any Time within twenty Years next before the making of that Act: (34) And one Act made in the fourth Year of King Henry the Seventh, con Hufoindry. cerning Houses of Husbandry and Tillage: (35) And one Act made in the seventh Year of King Henry 4 i4 7 C9the Eighth, intituled, An Act to avoid letting down of Towns: (36) And one Act made in the seven and L fjg.c, c"'tt twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning Decay of Houses and Enclosures: (37)

And one Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Edward she Sixth, intituled, An Act for &6ed.6.c, $, Maintenance of Tillage, and Increase of Corn: (38) And one Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign ofjeiiz.c,.

Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Maintenance and Increase of Tillage: (39) And that Part of the Sta Abueya tute made in the seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, by which it17, s' 6, 1' was ordained, That all and singular Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom the King's Majesty after that (hold give, grant, let, fetor demise any Site or Precinct, with the Houses thereupon bunded, together with the Demesnes of any Monastery, Priory or other Religious Houses, that (hold be Idiffolved or given to the King by that Act, shall be bound to keep House and Houlhojd, and occupy Demesnes in Ploughing and Tilling of Husbandry, as in that Act is specified, under the Pains therein contained: (40) And one Statute made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the Southeast Woo), cond, against Buying of wool of others titan of the Owner of the Sheep and Tithe, and every Clause in R*.41 Vhe same Statute: (41) And that Part of one Statute made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late Weights -- King Henry the Sixth, by which it is enacted, That no Man buy Yarn of Wool, called Woollen Yarrr, H 6> C 5* unless he will make Cloth thereof: (42) And one Statute made in the fifth and sixth Year of the Reign of Wool, the late King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act limiting the Times of Buying and Selling of Wools: (43')<$&i6e<l'6'ei71 And one Statute made in the three and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, C 5.

Entitled, An Act concerning Keeping of great Hotrfes: (44) And so much of the Statute made in the war.'

Reign of King Edward the First, commonly called the Statute of Winchester, as concerneth the Having,3*' s, al a keeping, and View of Harness and Arms; (45) And that Part of the Statute commonly, called Ar Metal. ticulifuper Chartas, by which it is ordained, That none shall make Rings, Crosses or Locks: (46) and*8ed.'i.stat.jv one Statute made in the seven and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Third, by ct: which it is ordained. That Makers of white Vessels shall not Gild: (47) And that Part of one statute|7h 13staj»v (made in the second Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Fifth, by which Goldsmiths are pro hibited to take more than forty six Shillings and eight pence for a sound Troy of silver gilt: (48) And

one

iib C 29, 30.

Anno vicesimo piimo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

H. 6. C 13.

Money.

2 H. 4. C 6.

(Wales. xh, 4. C is:

:4. C js t H. 4. c. 17.

a, H. 4. c. 18.

a H. 4. c>.so.

H. 4.0.26.

4H.4.C. 2S.

4h. 4.0.30.

4h.4, C 31.

4 H. 4. C 3s.

4h. 4. c. 33. 4 M, 4. c. 34.

9 H. 4. C 3. 35 H, -6. C I.

Hostler. jir.x.sut.i. C S.

Hostler.

4 H. 4.0.25.

Drapery.

4 & 5 Ph. & M. C 5.

5 sir Ed. 6, C 6,

iseliz. C 16.

The 71 aforesaid

Statutes

repealed.

Cattle.

31 H. 8. C 13. shall rot extend to the County of Cornwall,

EXP,

one Statute made in the second Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, by which it is enacted, That no Silver be bought for more than thirty Shillings the Pound of Troy. (4.9) And one Statute made in the second Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, against bringing in of Coin of Flanders, Scotland, and other foreign Coin: (50) And one Statute made in the second Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, by which it is enacted, That no jveljbman whole born in I Vales, and having Father and Mother born in Wales, shall purclvafe Lands and Tenements within the Town of Chester, and other Places named in that Act, and that no Welshman shall be chosen a Citizen or Burgess in any City, Borough or Merchant Town; and that welshmen be not put in certain Offices, nor bear Arms, and every Clause thereof: (51) And one other Statute made in the same Year concerning Arrests made by the Inhabitants of Wales, and driving of Distresses into Wales: (52} And one other Statute made in the same Year concerning Welshmen entering into the Counties adjoining, and in the same do kill, burn, ravish, and commit any other Felony or Trespass: (53) And one other Statute made in the same Year, by which it is enacted, That the Lords of the Marches of Wales shall ordain and set sufficierit Stuffing and Ward in their Castles, and Seigniories of Wales: (54) And one other Statute made in the same Year, by which it is established, That no Welshmen be received to purchase Lands or Tenements within England, nor within the Boroughs or English Towns of Wales; nor that no Welshman should be accepted Burgess, nor to have any other Liberty within the Realm, nor within the Boroughs and Towns aforesaid, and every Clause in every the said Statutes made in the said second Year: (55) And one Statute made in the fourth Year "of the reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, whereby, it is ordained, That no Englishmen, Liege to the King, be com victed by any Weljlman, nor that English Burgesses which have married Welshwomen, have fran chises with English Burgesses: (56) Ana one other Statute made in the same Year, by which it is ordained, That no Congregations be made or suffered to be made by the Welshmen, but as in the said Statute is appointed: (57) And one other Statute made in the same Year, concerning sending and bringing Merchandise and Armour into Wales: F; 3) And one other Statute made in the same Year, concerning Welshmen not having of Cattle, Fortress or House of Defence to keep: (59) And one other Statute made in the same Year, That welshmen shall not be made Justice, Chamberlain, nor have certain other Offices in tyre said Statute mentioned: (60) And one other Statute made in the same Year, concerning storing of the Castles and Towns in Wales with English): (61) And one other Statute made in the same Year, That englishmen marrying Welshwomen, shall not be put in Offices; and every Clause of the said Statute made in the said fourth Year: (62) And one Statute made in the ninth Year of the Reign of the said late King Henry the Fourth, concerning Felonies and Robberies done within any Seigniory of South wales: (63) And lo much of one Statute made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, as concerneth the confirming of Statutes made before that Time against Welshmen, and making void Grants of Franchises made to welshmen, and concerning Villains in Wales: (64) And that Part of one Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, by which it is ordained, That Hoftlers shall sell Hay and Oats at a reasonable Price, so that they take not but one halfpenny over the common Price in the Market; (65) and that Part of one other Statute made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, by which it is enacted, That Hoftlers shall incur the Quadruple Value of that that he hath taken over one halfpenny of every Bushel of Oats above the common Price in the Market: (66) And one Part of the Statute made in the fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of the late King Philip and Queen Mary and other Statutes, by which it is enacted, That none shall put to Sale within the Realnr of England any coloured Cloth of any other Colour or Colours, than are in these Acts mentioned: (67) And one other Part of the same Statute of Philip and Mary, by which it is ordained, That after the first Day of May then next coming, none shall use or exercise the Seat or Mystery of Making, Weaving or Rowing of Woollen Clothes long or short, or Kersies, pinned Whites or Plains Strayts, to the Intent to put the same to Sale, but only in a Market town where Cloth had used to be made by the Space of ten Years then last past in a City, Borough or Town Corporate, upon the Pains therein contained: (68) And one Statute made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, for Toleration of certain Clothiers to dwell out of Towns Corporate': (69) shall be by Virtue of this Act repealed.

XII. And be it also enacted, That so much of the Statute made in the thirty second year of the Reign of the late King Henry the eighth intituled, An Act concerning the Breed of Horses of higher Stature, as concerneth or inhibiteth the putting of Horses into certain Grounds, unless they be of Statures in that Act mentioned, under the Pains therein contained, and that giveth Authority to kill Mares, Fillies, Foals or Geldings, in certain Cases in that Act mentioned, shall not extend to the County of Cornwall 'after the End of this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to enable the moult excellent Prince Charles to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Higlmefs;

Duchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same.

CAP. XXX.

A Meflliage called York house, and diverse other Messuages and Tenements, Part of the Possessions of flic Archbishop of York, situate in the Parish of St. martin's in the Fields in the County of Middle sex, affined unto the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs, Successors and Assigns; and the Manors or Lordships of Brighton, Santon Acombe, alias Aeom, with Holgate<, and the Grange called, Beckhey Grange in the County of York, or in the County of the City of York, Part of his Majesty's Possessions, allured to Toby, Lord Archbishop of York and his Successors. PR,

C 3^ 32. 119

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo primo Jacoei I.

CAP. XXXI.

The Makers of Knives and other Cutlery Wares in Hallamshire in the County of York, made a Corporation: Diverse Orders for the better Government of the same Corporation.

PR.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for making the River of Thames navigable for Barges, Boats and Lighters, from the Village of Bercot, in the County of Oxon, unto the University and City of Oxon.

WHEREAS the Clearing and Effecting of a Passage for Barges, Boats and Lighters, by the River The Convenient of Thames, to the University and City of Oxon, will be very convenient for Conveyance of Free cies of having

Stone, commonly called Oxford Stone, or Heddington Stone, from Bullington Quarry, near the said Thames naviga*

City and River of Thames, by the said Passage, to the City of London and other Parts, and mo ft profit bie to the City able and necessary to and for the said University and City of Oxon, for Conveyance thereby of Coals, of Oxford,

b Fuel and other Necessaries, to the said University and City, whereof there is now very great Scarcity and Want, and far greater hereafter like to grow, if some Help therefore be not made and provided

4 (2) And also the said Passage will be very behoveful for preserving of the Highways leading to and from the said University and City, and other Parts thereabouts, which now by continual Carriages by Carts; are so worn and broken, that in Winter Season they are for Travellers dangerous, and hardly to be

amended and continued passable without exceeding Charge r (3.) And whereas the said River of Thames,

for many Miles beyond the said City of Oxford, Westward - already navigable and passable for Boats of good Burdens and Contents, and likewise is already navigable for Barges from London to the Village of Bercot in the County of Oxford, being within six or seven Miles of the City of Oxford, whither and from whence, by the Carriage of Stone, Iron and other Provision, by Carts, the Highways are spoiled,

as aforesaid: And whereas the said River may easily be made passable and navigable for Barges,

11 Boats or Lighters, between the aforesaid University and City of Oxford and the Village of Bercot aforesaid, by removing some Lets and Impediments, by which Means the said University and City of Oxford

shall be greatly relieved and helped Be it therefore ordained and enacted by the King's Majesty, eightcommif the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by stone.rsbe the Authority of the same, That the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for make the river the Time being, at any Time after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall and may, at the of Thames nava request of the Chancellor of the said University, or his vice-chancellor, for the Time being, appoint ralttfr|m of and authorise by Commission under the Great Seal of England eight Commissioners, whereof four to tot 0 sc" be of or for the University aforesaid, to be chosen by the said Chancellor of the said University, or his vice-chancellor, for the Time being, and by them or either of them o be nominated and certified to the aforesaid Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, and four to be of or for the City of Oxon, to be chosen and nominated by the Mayor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the said City of Oxford for the Time being, and to be certified by them as aforesaid; which said Commissioners or the more Part of them shall have full Power to cleanse, fcowre, open and make navigable the said River of Thames, from the said City of Oxon to the Village of Bercot aforesaid, and for that Purpose to dig the banks of the said River or other Ground, Ditch, Brook or Stream near thereunto adjoining, and to cut away all Trees and Roots of Trees that may be Hurtful or Hindrance to the said Passage, and to open, prepare or make all Wears and Locks or Turnpikes fit for the said Passage, and to remove anything that shall be any Impediment or Stop to the clearing and making of the said Passage; and likewise to cut, fcowre or open any other Stream or Watercourse that shall be moil convenient for making the said Passage or River navigable; and likewise to make and erect any Wharves, Locks or Turnpikes, or Pens for Water, iri or near the said River or Passage, that shall be fit or necessary for the same, and to bring, lay and work all Materials requisite for the Making, Erccfting and Repairing of the said Locks or Turnpikes upon the Banks or Ground near the said River or Passage.

II. And for that the doing of the Things aforesaid may be prejudicial to the Inheritance and Profit of the commifilo' 4 diverse Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, that have Land adjoining to the said River or Passage, '

(2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners aforesaid or the more Part all Parties thaw of them, before they do meddle with the Lands, Inheritance or Possession of any Person or Persons, may berfamr.i bodies Politic or Corporate, shall first agree with such Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, for the the Loss and Damage that any of them shall any way receive by the Making of the said Passage or any 01 Thing concerning the same; (3) and if the said Commissioners or the more Part of them, and the Party or Parties Owner of such Lands, Inheritance or Possessions, cannot agree touching the Value thereof, that then the three next Justices of Peace of the County where the Land doth He, being no Parties, nor dwelling within the University or City of Oxen, nor interested in the Soil, dwelling nearefr to the said.

Land or Inheritance, or in their Default the Justices ofaffize of the Lid County of Oxon, shall determine, appoint and set down what and how much satisfa<5lion every such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall have for or in respect of the said Losses so by him or them to be sustained; the said Price or Value so set down by them shall bind all Parties: (4) Which Agreement or Order so made shall be set down in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners and Parties, upon the Agreement between them made, or of the said Suffices of the Peace, or Justices of Assize of the said County, which shall set down the said Price for Satisfaction, within three months after the first Resort

120 C 33. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi I. A.D. 1623.

unto them for that Cause, according to this Act, and the same to be kept among the Evidences of the said University, and to be registered in the Lieger eook of the said University, and to be enrolled in the court of the said City of Oxford; (5) And that then upon Payment of such hum or Sums of Money so agreed upon or ordered as aforesaid, or Tender thereof made, with Purpose to pay the same, it shall then be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or the more Part of them, to dig and make or cause to be digged or made, the said Locks, Wharves, Passage, or do any such other Act for which any such Agreement or Order shall be made as aforesaid.

the commissio

III. And for that the said passage cannot be effected and maintained without great Charge, and that un7vtrmy\vd6^t^le principal Benefit thereof will redound immediately to the University and City of Oxford aforesaid, 'City of Oxford Qz) Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the more at reasonable Part of them, by this present Act shall have full Power and Authority to Tax and Assess the Inhabitants 'f6ffingf<of the w*rhin the said University and City of Oxon, or within either of them, and Suburbs thereof, and Bodies fcid.passage/ Politic and Corporate within the same, at such reasonable Sums and Payments for the Purposes foresaid, as they in their Discretions shall think meet; the said Sums and every of them to be disposed and employed for and towards the bearing of the Charge of Making and Maintaining of the said Passage.

They may con And whereas the said University and City are the Procurers of the said Passage, 'Be it further stituteordersfor enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners aforesaid, or the more Part of them, by fetd Passage/ 6 Virtue of this Act, shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time, with the Consent of the Vice chancellor of the said University, and Mayor of the City of Oxford, for the Time being, to ordain and make Orders and Constitutions for the good and orderly Usage of the said Passage, and for all Locks, Wears or Turnpikes thereof, to be made and maintained at the Charge of the University and City of Oxon aforesaid; and for all Boats, Boatmen, Passengers, Wharves, Carriages and Rates for Carriages, by or through the said Passage, and all Things concerning the same; and to set, lay and execute Inch reasonable Pains and Punishments upon the Breakers thereof as they shall think fit: (2) Nevertheless, the Justices of Assize of the said County of Oxford for the Time being, upon Complaint made to them - by any Person grieved with the said Taxations, Assessments, Charges, Orders, Constitutions, Pains and Punishments or any of them, shall and may abridge, moderate or reform the same, as they shall find just Cause,

whsa any of V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the said Commissioners

the commissionshall happen to die, or become unfit for the Service, that then and so often, it shall and may be lawful to pordchancellor an fr the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, from may appoint Time to Time to supply, appoint and authorise one Commissioner or so many Commissioners to be fh« nominated, chosen and certified as aforesaid, out of and for the said University or City respectively, as

netsnsy ap °' shall make and fill up the full Number of eight Commissioners: And that the Commissioners aforesaid point Coiieflors or the more Part of them, by the Authority of this Act, shall have full Power to choose, nominate and ap of the Tax. point one or more such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to collect, gather and lay out theiaid several Sums; and the Person and Persons so appointed shall gather and take up the said Sums afiefled, by jdistress and Sale of the Goods of every Person rerufing to pay the Tax or Aflefimenl imposed upon him, restoring to the Person whose Goods shall be so distrained, the Overplus (if any be) of the Price thereof, being sold.

'(3) And for that the said Passage from Bercot aforesaid to the said City of Oxfordis against the Stream, the Barges, Boats, Lighters or other Vessels, must of Necessity in some Places and atfome Times be haled up by the Strength of Men, Horses, Winches, Engines or other Means in that Behalf convenient; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this present Act, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The Boatmen, Watermen, Boatmen, Bargemen and other Helpers of them, in convenient Places, to have and use land cokiffe011 Winches, Ropes and other Engines, and with the same by Strength of Men and Horses or either of them, their Boats, C going up the Land or Banks near the said River or Passage, through the said Passage, without the hinder ance, Trouble or Impeachment of any Person or Persons, to draw or hale up the Barges, Boats,

Lighters or other Vessels, doing none other Har than only by going or treading upon the said Land or Banks near adjoining as aforesaid. a Proviso for

VI. Provided always, That no privileged Person of the University of Oxford shall be taxed as afore universityvnd without the Consent of two or more of the Commissioners of or for the said University, nor any

city. y Freemen inhabiting of or in the said City, or the Suburbs or Liberties thereof, shall be taxed as aforesaid, without the Consent of two or more of the Commissioners of or for the said City.

The Course and

VII. Provided also, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall give Power and Authority Thames ihn to the said Commissioners or enable them to do any Act or Thing, whereby the said River of Thames not be diverted, shall be diverted or turned out; of his ancient Course or Channel wherein the same now runneth, or to draw more Water thence than shall conveniently serve for the said Passage.

3 Jac. r. c. 20.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That one Act of parlia /epealed. ment made in the third Year of the King's majesty's Reign, the twentieth Chapter, (entitled,

' An Act for clearing the Passage by Water from London to and beyond the City of Oxon)' shall be from henceforth utterly repealed and of none Effect.

[6 & 7 W. 3. C 36. This to be deemed a publicly Act. 3 Geo. 2. c. 11. Sect. 26.]

CAP. XXXIII.

Four entire Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

EXP.

8

121

A.D. 1623. Anno vicesimo prime Jacobi I. 0. 34, 35.

CAP. XXXIV.

The Temporality considering that the King might be engaged in a present War by breaking of the two Treaties with Spain, viz. The one of the Marriage, and the other of the Refljtution of the Palatine, freely grants unto his Majesty three entire Subsidies, and three Fifteeps and Tenths, whereof jgoooo Pounds Should be employed towards the Repair of certain decayed Cities and Towns, and the Residue was to be expended in the Managing of the expected War: Now for the better Imployment of those Moneys, 'eight Citizens of London are appointed to be Treasurers, and ten other feleftea Persons to be of his Majesty's Council for the War; all which shall make Oath, viz. The Treasurers that none of those Moneys should issue out of their Hands without Warrant from the said Council of War: and the other, that they Should make no Warrants for the Payment of any of those Moneys, " but only for the End abovementioned; and further, (hold all be accountable for their Doings and Proceedings in that Behalf, to the Commons in Parliament, when they or any of them Should be thereunto required. EXP. L

1.: cap. XXXV. aa

Confirmation of the King's General and Free Pardon, except. Isle. EXP. Cro. Car. 449.

Annp Regni Caroli Regis Angliae, Scoriae, Franciae,

& Hiberniae, primo. '

At the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighteenth Day of June Anno Bom, one thousand six hundred twenty-five in the First Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And there continued until the eleventh Day of July following; and then adjourned until the First Day of August following, unto Oxford; To the high Pleasure of Almighty God, and to the Wealpublick of this Realm, were enabled as

followeth. *- 1

CAP. I. j _ rt

An Act for punishing diverse Abuses committed on the Lord's Day, called Sunday.

1^}

forasmuch as there is nothing more acceptable to Qod that) the trpe and sincere Service and Wor. il)ip of him according to his Holy Will, and that the holy keeping of the lord's Day j$i a prinei t j' pal Part of the true Service of God, which in very many Places of this Realm hath been and no>y is th^'*be I profaned and negjefted by. a disorderly. Sort of People, in exercising and frequenting bearbaiting, "0° unlawful f bullbaiting, Interludes, Common Plays and other unlawful Exercises and p.gflimes upon the lord's i'aftimes upon f Day"; and for that many Quarrels, Blood (beds and other great Inconveniences haypgrpyvn by the Re lord's Day. i' fort and Concoqrfe of People, going out of their own Parishes to such diforejered and unlawful Exercises 1 ?w' '*

f and Pastimes, neglecting Divine Service both in their own Parishes and elsewjaere(zj Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the same, That from and after forty Days next Unlawful Meet, after the End of this Session of Parliament, there shall be no Meetings, Assemblies or Concourse of People n.mcton^he but of their own Parishes on the lord's Day, Avithin this Realm of England or any the Dominions thereof. Lord's Day roc for any Sports and Pastimes whatsoever; (3) nor any bearbaiting, bullbaiting, Interludes, Common biaden.

Plays or other unlawful Exercises and Pastimes, uled by any person or Persons within their own Parishes; f 4) and that every Person or Persons offending in any the Premises, shall forfeit for every Offence three Every Perron Shillings fourpence, the same to be employed and converted to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where "*nea".yunla',such Offence shall be committed; (5) and that any one justi.ee of the Peace of the County or the Chief the Lord Day, Officer or Officers of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, where such Offence shall be committed, 'than forfeit Upon his or their View or Conffffidn of the Party, or Proof of any one or more Witness by Oath, which Is 4d ft thp. the said Justice or Chief Officer or Officers shall by Virtue of this Act have Authority to minister, shall tithl0 e " find any Person offending in the Premises, the said Justice or Chjpf Officer or Officers shall give Warrant afttrconviaion pnder his or their Hand and Seal, to the Constables and churchwardens of the Parish or Parishes where warj2fti 1 such Offence shall be committed, to levy the said Penalty so to be assessed, by way of Distress and Sale of itfdlecon he Goods of every such Offender, rendering to the said Offenders the Overplus of the Money raised of ftabies ire. may he said Goods so to be sold; and in Default of such Distress, that the Party offending be set publicly n the Stocks by the Space of three Hours; (6) and that if any Mgn be sued or impeached for Execution if this Law, he shall and may plead the General Issue and! give the said Matter of justification in Evi General issue. fence: (7) Provided, That no man be impeached by this Act except he be called in Question within one of Month next after the said Offence committed: '(8) Provided also, That the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction theecciefiifti Within this Realm or any the Dominions thereof, py Virtue of this Act or anything therein contained, caijurisdictioa vol. III*' ..." R'": shall not bridged.

122 C 3-7.

Anno £rimo Caroli I. A.D. 1625.

fartherpr&visions shall not be abridged, but that the ecclesiastica!'court may punish the said Offences as if this Act had Carl 1.7'*'. not been made. (9) (This Act to continue until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament and ucar.'i.'c. 7. no longer.

[3 Car. 1. C 4. continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and io, continued by 16 Car. i. C 4. and enforced by 29 Car. 2. C 7.]'*:

Jett. 14. f fytt .|-

CAP. II.

11 Jac. 1. C 29. Act to enable the King's Majesty to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Highness Duchy of Cornwall: or annexed to the same. All Leases to be made within three Years by the King's Majesty, of the Duchy 1 Lands of Cornwall, shall be good. Except they be made for above thirty one Years or three Lives, sv.

The ancient Rent to be reserved, and if none anciently, a reasonable Rent. Covenants, V contained. in such Leases shall be good. The Right of others saved \ jai A i in id 1 rt.vtlf >. 1. j::. '. 1

CAP. III.

OBS, An Act for the Ease in obtaining of Licences of Alienation, and in the Pleading of Alienations with

Licence, or of Pardons of Alienations without Licence, in the Court of Exchequer, or elsewhere. 12 Car. 2. C 24. All Fines, Seizures and Pardons for Alienations, and all Incidents thereunto, are

taken away, and discharged.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the further Restraint of Tippling in Inns, Alehouses, and other victualling houses.

f 6ed.6. c. 23.

WHEREAS in the last Parliament it was enacted, That if any Person or Persons, wheresoever wen ffinhabi his or their Habitation or Abiding be, Should after be found upon View, or his own Confession, tants, shall not on Proof of one Witness, to be Tippling in an Inn, Alehouse or victualling house; such Person or be permitted to < Persons ftiouid be thenceforth adjudged and construed to be within the Statutes of the first and fourth yuehouses"&c. 'years of the late King's majesty's Reign, King James of famous Memory j the one intituled, X fac. 1. c. 9.' .* An Act to restrain the inordinate haunting of Tippling m Inns, Alehouses, and other Victualling jac. 1. C 5. e Eoufes j" and the other intituled, "An Act to repress the odious and loathsome Sin of Drunkenness

' as if he or they had inhabited and dwelled in the City, Town Corporate, Market town, Village or C - Hamlet where the Inn, Alehouse or victualling house was or Should be, 'where he or they Should be lb found Tippling, should incur the like. Penalty, and the same to be in such Sort levied and disposed

in the said Act is expressed, concerning such as there inhabit; (2) but no Punishment by any or either of the said Acts, or by any other Statute, is inflicted upon the innkeeper, alehouse keeper or ihaio fcc. 78.c Victualler, that permits or suffers such Person or Persons not there inhabiting, to tipple in his Inn, Burn, V i. 29. < Alehouse or victualling house(3) For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, That every innkeeper, alehouse keeper and other victualler, that at any Time after the End of this Session of Parliament shall permit and suffer any Person or Persons hot inhabiting in the City, Town Corporate, Market town, 'Village or Hamlet, where such Inn, Alehouse, or victualling house is or shall be to tipple in the said Inn, Alehouse or victualling house, contrary to the true Intent of any or either of the said former Statutes, the said innkeeper, alehouse keeper and Victualler so offending shall incur the same Penalty, and in

1 Jac. 1. C g. such Manner to be proved, levied and disposed, as in the former Statute of the first Year of his said late majesty's Reign is appointed for permitting such to tipple as dwell in the same City, Town Corporate, Market town, Village or Hamlet, vintners and

II. And be it further enacted, That the Keepers of Taverns, and such as do sell Wine in their Houses, 'Victuallers to an(j d0 af keep Inns or Victualling in their Houses, shall be taken to be within the said two former andiheotter sta statutes, and also within this Statute.'f'

lutes. Farther Frevifim relating' hereto, 16 Gi, 2. C 31. ard 29 Cm. 2. r. 12.

CAP. V.

Three entire Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

Two entire Subsidies granted by the Temporalty.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

This Session of Parliament (by Realbn of the Increase of the Sickness and other inconveniences of the Season, requiring a speedy Adjournment, nevertheless) shall not determine by his Majesty's Royal Afient to this and some other Acts.

EXP.

Assis that are to III. AND all Statutes and Acts of Parliament which are to have Continuance unto the End of this s anceihauremain u \ present Session, shall be of full Force after the said Adjournment, until this present Session 1 enforce. be fully ended and determined: (3) And if this Session shall determine by Dissolution of this present 1 Parliament, then all the Acts aforesaid shall be continued until the End of the first Session of the next Parliament: (4) And all Statutes and Acts of Parliament which before the said Adjournment shall pass When the Acts by his Majesty's Royal Assent, shall be put in Execution immediately after forty Days after the said act tc!pass (haluake jpuniment, notwithstanding that by the Words or Letters of the said Acts or any of them, they be limited to take Effect, or be put in Execution, from or at any Time after the End of this present Session,

Anno

A.D. 1627.

C i3 2.

12\

Anno Regni Carol 1 Regis Angliae, Scotia Franciae & Hibernia tertio;

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred twenty seven, in the third Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And there continued until the twenty sixth Day of June following, and then prorogued unto the twentieth Day of October next ensuing: To the high Pleasure of Almighty God, and to the Weal public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

The Petition exhibited to his Majesty by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, concerning diverse Rights and Liberties of the Subjects, with the King's majesty's Royal Answer thereunto in full Parliament.

To the King's most excellent Majesty.

4 T tumbly shew unto our Sovereign Lord the King, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com the Petitionot

mons, in Parliament assembled, That whereas it is declared and enacted by a Statute made in Right.

' the Time of the Reign of King Edward the First commonly called Statutum de Tallagio non conce 34ed. 1. stat. ' dendo, That no Tallage or Aid shall be laid or levied by the King or his Heirs in this Realm, without C r.

' the good Will and Assent of the Archbishops, Biftrops, Earls, Barons, Knights, Burgesses, and other the Freemen of the Commonalty of this Realm; (2) and by Authority of Parliament held in the: SJ Ed. 1. staf..i five and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, it is declared and enacted, That from C 6.

1 thenceforth no Person (hold be compelled to make any Loans to the King against his Will, becatife such Loans were against Reason and the Franchise of the Land; (3) and by other Laws of this Realm it, d, 3, is provided, That none should be charged by any Charge or Imposition called a Benevolence, nor by C 6.'3*suchlike Charge: (4) by which the Statutes before mentioned, and other the good Laws and Sta cs

' tiites of this Realm, your Subjects have inherited this Freedom, That they should not be compelled 1r' 3- c. 2'

' to contribute to any Tax, Tallage, Aid or other like Charge not set by common Consent in Parliament. 1

II. Yet nevertheless, of late diverse Commissions directed to sundry Commissioners in several Counties, with Instructions, have issued; by Means whereof your People have been in diverse Places assembled, and required to lend certain Sums of Money unto your Majesty, and many of them, upon

' their Refusal lo to do, have had an Oath administered unto them not warrantable by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, and have been constrained to become bound to make Appearance and give at i ' tendance before your Privy Council and in other Places, and others of them have been therefore imprisoned, confined, and sundry other Ways, molested and disquieted; (2) and diverse other Charges. '

' have been laid and levied upon your People in several Counties by Lord Lieutenants, Deputy Lieu tenants, Commissioners for Musters, Justices of Peace and other's, by Command or Direction from «.

your Majesty, or your Privy Council, against the Laws and Free Customs of the Realm.

III. And where also by the Statute called The Great Charter of the Liberties of England, it is dc9H. 3. Stat. rj dared and enacted, That no Freeman may be taken or imprisoned, or be disseised of his Freehold or C 29*

' Liberties, or his Free Customs, or be outlawed or exiled, or in any Manner destroyed, but by th

Judgement of his Peers, or by the Law of the Land.

IV. Ancl in the eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, it was declared8erf. 3, C

' and enacted by Authority, of Parliament, that.no Man of what Estate or Condition that he be, should be put out of his Land or Tenements, nor taken, nor imprisoned, nor difherited, nor put to Death, '- - ft

' without being brought to answer by due Process of Law:

, V Nevertheless against the Tenor of the said Statutes, and other the good Laws and Statutes of your j7 E(!. 3, C i? Realm to that End provided, diverse of your Subjects have of late been imprisoned without any Cause 3*ed!^siat.^ ' shewed; (5) and when for their Deliverance they were brought before your Justices by your majesty's C

of Habeas Corpus., there to undergo and receive as the Court should order, and their Keepers r.'^'c.c6.3 ' commanded to certify the Causes of their Detainer, no Cause was certified, but that they were de 2lntt. 187.

' tained by your majesty's special Command, signified by the Lords of your Privy Council, and yet were returned back to several Prisons, without being charged with anything to which they might - make Answer according to the Law..

VI. And whereas of late great Companies of Soldiers and Mariners have been dispersed into diverse ', ti

of the Realm, and the Inhabitants against their Wills have been compelled to receive; them into their Houses, and there to suffer them to sojourn, against the Laws and Customs of this Realm,

and to the great Grievance and Vexation of the People: '*'. '

VII. And whereas also by Authority of Parliament, in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign oft King Edward the Third, it is declared and enacted, That no Man should be, forejudged of Life or l.q.

' Limb against the form, of the Great Charter and the Law of the Land; fz) and by the said Great

R 2' ' 1 Char'

3-

124 C

Anno tertio Caroli I.

A.D. 1627.

9 H. 3. Slat. 7. C 2g.

25 Ed. 3 stat. 3, C 4.

28 Ed. 3. C 3.

' Charter and other the Laws and Statutes of this your Realm, no Man ought to be adjudged to Death but by the Laws established in this your Realm, either by the Customs of the same Realm, or by Acts of Parliament; (3) And whereas no Offender of what Kind soever is exempted from the Proceedings to be used, and Ptmifhniem's' to be inflicted by the Laws and Statutes of this your Realm': Nbvertlieless; of late Time diverse Commissions under your majesty's Great Seal have issued forth, 'by which certain Persons have been assigned and appointed Commissioners, with Power and Authority to proceed within the Land, according to the Justice of Martial Law, against such Soldiers or Mariners, or other disc fohite Persons joining with them, as should commit any Murder, Robbery, Felony, Mutiny or other

Outrage or Misdemeanour whatsoever; and by such summary Gourse and Ofder as is agreeable to Mar ' tial Law, and as is used in Armies in Time, of War, to proceed to the; Trial and Condemnation of such

and them to.oause to be executed and put to Death according to the Law Martial:

C VIII By Pretext whereof some of your majesty's Subjects have been, by some of the said Commissioner put to Death, when and where, if by the laws and Statutes of the Land they had deserved Death, by the same Laws and Statutes also they might, and by no other ought to have Been judged

and executed: ' f t. r..j, .,

IX. And also sundry grievous Offenders, by Colour thereof claiming aft Exemption, have escaped

Punishments due to them by the Laws and Statutes of this your Realm, by.reason that diverse of your Officers and Ministers of Justice have unjustly refused or' forborn to proceed against such Of ' tenders according to the same Laws and Statutes, upon Pretence that the said Offenders were punish able only by Martial Law, and by Authority of such Comrriiffioris as aforesaid: (2) Which Commissions, and all other of like Nature, are wholly and directly contrary, to the said. Laws and Statutes

of this your Realm: '

The Petition. X They do therefore humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty, That no Man hereafter be com; 23ed.7.stat.r. peijgd to, make or yield any Girt, Loan, Benevolencej tax, or suchlike Charge, without common Consent by Act of Parliament; (2) And that none be called to make Answer, or take such Oath, or to, give Attendance, or be confined, of otherwise molested or disquieted concermhg thd same, 'Or for Refii

lal thereof; (, 3), And that no Freeman, in any such Manner as is before mentioned, be imprisoned or detained; (4j And. that your Majesty would be pleased to remove the said Soldiefs and mariners, and 3 Inst. 52, that your People may not be so burdened in Time to come; (5) And that the aforesaid Commissions, for proceeding by. Martial Law, may be revoked and annulled; and that hereafter no Commissions of like Nature may issue forth to any Person or Persons whatsoever to be executed as aforesaid, left by Colour of them any of your majesty's Subjects be destroyed, or put to death contrary to the Laws and Franchise of the Land.

XI. All which they most humbly pray of your Most Excellent Majesty as their Rights and liberties, according in the Laws ailed Statutes of this Realm; and that your Majesty would also vouchsafe to declare, That the Awards, Doings and Proceedings, to the Prejudice of your People in any of the premisses shall not be drawn hereafter into Confluence or Example; (2) And that your Majesty, would be also

fraciously pleased, for the further Comrort and Safety of your People, to declare your Royal Will and 'leisure; That in the Things aforesaid all your Officers and Ministers shall serve you according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, as they tender the honour of your Majesty, and the Prosperity of this frith what Dip Kingdom: Qua quidem Petitione ledta & tlenius intelledla per diflum Dominum Regem taliter eii responsum in zz oiziit" Pleno Parliarmito'vn. Soit droit salt come eft Desire.

See Rujbwerth's Gogttlms, Vet, I. "which gives an Account if the whole Prccefs of this Petition and Answer, well worthy of fcmfal.

' I,

I. II

An Act for thfe further Reformation of sundry Abuses committed on the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday.

1 t?0hifmuch. as the lord's Day Chmmorily called Sunday, is much broken and profaned by carrier's,

Jy Waggoners, Carters, wain men, Butchers, and Drovers of Cattle, to the great Dishonour of God, and Reproach of Religion: '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, and Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and by the Commons, ill this plefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Carrier with any Horse or Horses, nor wagon men with any Wagon or Wagons, nor Carmen with any Cart or Carts, nor, Wainman with any Wain or Wains, nor Drovers with any Cattle, shall after forty Days next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, by themselves, or any other, travel upon the said Day, upon Paid that every Person and Persons so offending shall lole. and forfeit twenty Shillings for every such Offence: (3) Or if any Butcher, by himself or' any other for him; by his Privity or Consent after the End of the said forty Days kill or sell any.victual upon the said Day, that then every such Butcher shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the sum offix s.hillirigs and eightrpence; (4) the said Offences and every of theiffbeltig done.in View of any Justice of Peace, Mayor or other. Hold Officer, of any City or Town Corporate within their Limits respectively, or being proved upon Oath by two or.more Witnesses, or by the Confelfton of the Party offending, before any such Justice, Mayor or Head Officer, within their' feverah Limits respectively, wherein such Offence shall be committed: To which End every such Justice, Mayor cr Head Officer, shall have Power by this atto rninifter an Oath to such Witness or Witnesses All which Sums or Penalties shall or may be levied by any Constable or church warden, Warrant from any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Mayor or other Head Officer, as aforesaid, within their several Limits where

such

A Carrier, Sec. that travels on the lord's Day shall forfeit 20 s.? Gar. 1. r. j.

Butchers that fell or kill Victual upon that Day shall forfeit 6 s. 8 d.

After Conviction, and by Warrant from < Justice, &0, the

A.D. 1627. Anno tertio Caroli I. C 2. (3.) 125

such Offence shall be committed or done, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering to the Condoles, C Party the Overplus, or shall be recovered by any Person of Petforts that will sue for the same, by Bill, Plaint j^ypo^ei'tu'res or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in any City or Town Corporate, before his t the use of majesty's Justices of the Peace in their General Sessions of the Ptace: (6) All which Forfeitures shall be the Poor; or employed to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parishes where the said Offences shall be committed covered bvvu'it. done, saying only that it shall be lawful to and for any such Justice, Mayor or Head Officer, out of the said Forfeitures, to reward any such Person or Persons that shall inform or otherwise prosecute any Person or Persons offending against this present actt, according to their Discretions, so that such Reward exceed not the third Part of the Forfeiture: (7) Provided that such Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be commenced, sued and prosecuted in the County, City or Town Corporate, where such Offence shall be committed and done, and not elsewhere; wherein no Essoin, Protedffon or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant: (8) Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Constable or Churchwarden, that shall have any Suit or Action brought against them for any Distress by them or any of them to betaken by Force of this present Act, to plead the General Issue, and to give the special Matter in Evidence: (9) Provided likewise, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be impeached by this Act; unless he be thereof questioned within six Month's after the Offence committed: (10) Provided further.

That this Act shall not in any Sort abridge or take away the Authority of the Courts Ecclesiastical. (11)

This Act to continue to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament. [Enforced by 2g Car. 2. C 7. and see farther 10 & 11 IV 3. C 24. set. 14.]

i t

CAP. II III

An Act to restrairi the Passing or Sending of any to be popishly bred beyond the Seas.

ttorasmuch as diverse ill affected Persons to the true Religion established within this Realm, have sent paffi^okcnd ' P their Children into Foreign Parts to be bred up in Popery, notwithstanding the Restraint thereof by ing any Person the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King James of famous Me eyond these mory Be it enacted, That the said Statute shall be put endue Execution: (z) And be it further en bred! pp y afled by. the King's most excellent Majesty, and the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in 1 Jac. 1. C this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Person or Persons ^fe?f or sends under the Obedience of the King, his Heirs and successors, at any Time after the End of this Session of a'njotherbik Parliament, shall pass or go, or shall convey of send, or cause to be sent or conveyed, any Child or other y°nd the Seas to Person, out of any of the King's Dominions, unto any the Parts beyond the Seas, out of the King's Obe in

dience, to the Intent and Purpose to enter into, or be resident or trained up in, any Priory, Abbey, Nun egstsust nery, Popish University, College or School, or House of Jefults, Priests, or in any private Popish Fa to sue, C and mily, and shall be there by any Jesuits - Priests, Friar, Monk, or other Popish Person, in and fluil struded, persuaded or strengthened in the Popish Religion, in any Sort to profess the same, or shall con forfeitanhis 3 vey or send, or cause to be conveyed or sent, by the Hands or Means of any Person whatsoever, any Sum Lands, C for or Sums of Money, or other Thing, for or towards the Maintenance of any Child or other Person already'"

gone or sent, or to go or to be sent, and trained and instructed as is aforesaid, or under the Name or Co ^aca'c.^. lour of any Charity, Benevolence or Alms, towards the Relief of any Priory, Abbey, Nunnery, College, to 3. 788. School, or any Religious House whatsoever: Every Person so sending, conveying, or causing to be sent and conveyed, as well any such Child or other Personas any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Thing, and every Person passing or being sent beyond the Seas, being thereof lawfully convicted, in or upon any Information, Presentment or Indictment, as is aforesaid, shall be disabled from thenceforth to sue or use any action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in Course of Law, or to prosecute any Suit in any Court ofequi ty, or to be Committee of any Ward, or Executor or Administrator to any Person, or capable of any.

Legacy or Deed of Gift, or to bear any Office within the Realm; (3) and shall lose and forfeit all his Goods and Chattels, and shall forfeit all his Lands, Teneinents and Hereditaments, Rents, Annuities,

Offices and Estates of Freehold, for and during his natural Life.

II. Provided always, That no Person sent or conveyed as aforesaid, that shall within six Months after A Convert shall

his Return into this Realm conform himself unto the present Religion established in this Church of Eng pes afore land, and receive the Sacrament of the lord's.supper, according to the Statutes made concerning Con said. formity in other Cases required from Popish Recusants, shall incur any the Penalties aforesaid. 27 Eliz'a*

III. And if is enacted, That all and every the Offences against this Statute may be inquired, heard and determined before the Justices of the King's Bench, or Justices of Assize or gaol delivery, or of Oyer and Terminer, of such Counties where the Offenders did last dwell or abide, or whence they departed out of this Kingdom, or where they were taken.

IV. Provided also, That if any Person or Child, so passing or sent, or now being beyond the Sea, shall after his Return into this Realm conform himself to this Religion established in the Church of England, and receive the Sacrament of the Lord his Supper, according to the Statutes made for or concerning Conformity in other Cases required from Popish Recusants, for and during such Time as he or she shall so continue in such Conformity and Obedience, 'according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Laws and Statutes, shall have his or her Lands restored. to them again.

126 C 3. (4.)

Anno tertio Caroli I.

A.D. 1627.

keeps an Ale. house without Licence.

S ft 6 Ed, 6, C

He that keeps

CAP. III IV

An Act for the better Suppressing of Unlicenced alehouse keepers.

hiefoi sature by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, of famous ofhim"hatment! Memory, intituled, An Act for Keepers of Alehouses to be bound by Recognisance, amongst other Things it is enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than such as should be from thenceforth admitted and allowed by the Justices mentioned in the said Act, should after the Day in the said Act LI ' mited, obstinately and upon his own Authority, take upon him or them to keep a common Alehouse or 5'1 tippling house, or should contrary to the Commandment of the said Justices, or two of them, use commonly selling of Ale or Beer, that then said Justices of Peace, or two of them (whereof one to be of the Quorum) should for every such Offence commit every such Person or Persons so offending to the common Gaol within the same Shire, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Franchise or Liberty, there to re main without Bail or Mainprise by the Space of three Days: (2) And before his or their Deliverance,

' tyre said Justices should take Recognisance of him or them so committed, with two Sureties, that he or they should not keep any common Alehouse, tipling house, or use commonly selling of Ale or Beer,

' as by the Discretion of the said Justices should seem convenient: (3) And the said Justices should make Certificate of every such Recognisance and Offence at the next Quarter sessions that should be holder!

' within the same Shire, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Franchise or Liberty where the same should be committed or done; (4) which Certificate should be a sufficient Conviction in Law of the same Of ' fence: (5) And the said Justices of Peace, upon the said Certificate made, should in open Sessions assess the Fine for every such Offence, at twenty Shillings, as by the said Act may appear: (6) Which Law

hath not wrought such_reformation as was intended, for that the said Fine of twenty Shillings is seldom levied, and for that many of the said Offenders, by Reason of their Poverty, are neither able to pay the

-said Fine of twenty Shillings, nor yet to bear their own Charges of Conveying them to the Gaol; and

' moreover do leave a great Charge of Wise and Children upon the Parishes wherein they live: In Re

whereof, the Constables and other Officers are much discouraged in Presenting them, and the Of

become obstinate and incorrigible: 'p.s. II For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That if any Per

without°l, [cence on or Persons, after forty Days next ensuing the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall upon feril forfeit xo s, ffis own Authority, not being thereunto lawfully licensed, take upon him, her or them, to keep a com'

'Alehouse or tippling house, or use commonly selling of Ale, Beer, Cyder or Perry, that then every

P "rn Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings of current i IV .078. Money of England, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, the same Offence being viewed and seen by any Mayor, Bailiff or Justice of Peace, or other Head Officer, within their several Limits, or confessed by the Party so offending, or proved by the Oath of two witnesses, to be taken before any Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, who by Virtue of this Act shall be authorised to minister the said Oath to any Person or*£* Persons that can or will justify the same, being within the Limits of their said Commission: The said Penalty to be levied by the Constables or Churchwardens of the Parish or Parishes where the said Offence shall be committed, who shall be accountable therefore to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, by Way of Distress to be taken and detained by Warrant or Precept from the said Mayor, Bailiff, Justice or ju ffices or other Head officer by whom the said Offence shall be viewed, or before whom the same shall be.confessed or proved as aforesaid: And for Default of Satisfaction within three Days next ensuing, the said Distress to be by the said Constables or Churchwardens appraised and sold, and the Overplus to is notable to '3c delivered to the Party or Parties offending, and this to be only for the first Offence: (4) And if such pay the Forfei 'offender or Offenders shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereby the said twenty Shillings tuie shall bs maybe levied by Way of Distress as aforesaid, or shall not pay the said Sum of twenty Shillings within six whipped. Days after such Conviction as aforesaid; That then the said Mayor, Bailiff, Justice or Justices, or other Head Officer before whom the said Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall commit all and every the said Offender or Offenders to some Constable or Constables, or other inferior Officer or Officers of the City, Borough, Town, Parish or Hamlet, where the Offence shall be committed, or the Party apprehended, to be openly whipped for the said Offence, as the said Justice or Justices shall limit or appoint.

uatn^o^unlftj HR And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable or inferior Officer fit all neg the Offender" led to execute the said Precept or Warrant, or do refuse, or do not execute, by himself or some other shall be impri to be by him appointed, upon the Offender, the Punishment limited by this Statute, that in that Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Bailiff, Justice and Justices of Peace or other Head Officer, to commit the Constable or other inferior Officer so refuling, or not executing the said Punishment by himself or some other, to the common Gaol of the said County, City or Town Corporate, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until the said Offender or Offenders shall be by the said Constable or Constables, or other inferior Officer so refusing, or not executing the said Punishment, or some by his or their Procurement, punished or whipped as is above limited and declared, or until he or they so neglecting or refusing shall have paid the Sum of forty Shillings of lawful Money of England, unto the Use of the Poor, of the Parish, for their laid Contempt.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the' said Offender or Offenders, being an unlicenced ale jioufe keeper, shall offend in any of the Premises the second Time, and be thereof lawfully convicted in Manner

or Churchwardens shall levjr the Tiki Forfeiture to the Use of the Poor.

foned, or pay

40?.

For the second nd third pi fence the

A.D. 1627. Anno tertio Caroli I.

C 4. (5.) 127

Manner and Form aforesaid, That then the said Mayor, Bailiff, Justice or Justices of Peace or other Head Officer, shall commit him, her or them unto the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of one Month, and be dealt withal as idle, lewd and disorderly Persons: (2) And if such person or Persons shall again offend, and shall be thereof convicted as aforesaid, That then the said Offender or Offenders for every such Offence shall be committed unto the said House of Correction as aforesaid, there to remain until by Order of the Justices in their General Sessions for the County, City, Borough or Franchise, he, she or they shall be delivered from thence.

V. Provided always, That such Offender or Offenders as shall be punished by Virtue of this Act, shall not be punished again for the same Offence by the former Act made in the fifth Year of King Edward the Sixth afore mentioned; (2) and that such Offender or Offenders as shall be punished by Virtue of the before mentioned Act made in the fifth Year of King Edward the Sixth, shall not be punished again for the same Offence by Virtue of this present Act, nor anything therein contained.

VI. Provided always, That in such Towns and Places where any Fair or Fairs shall be kept, that for the Time only of the same Fair or Fairs it shall be lawful for every Person or Persons to use common Selling of Ale or Beer in Booths or other Places there, for the Relief of the King's subjects that shall repair unto the same, in suchlike Manner and Sort as hath been used and done in Times paftthis Act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding. 1 Jac. 1. C 9. 4 Jac. 1. C 4. 21 Jac. 1. C 7. j Car. 1, C 4.

Offender shall be committed to the House of Correction

The Offender punished by this Act shall not bo again punishec! " by 5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 25. & contra,

Alehouses kept in the Time of Fairs excepted. fartherp rtrvif.or.s relating hereto, l6geo.2. c.^l.ar.d 2.9 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. IV V

An Act for Continuance and Repeal of diverse Statutes,

BE it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That one Act made in the first Year of Statute, the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for the Preservation of Spawn and Fry maee perpeiuaf, ' of Fiffi except the Proviso in the said Act mentioned, That the same Act shall not extend to the others con rivers of Tweed, nor Waters or Rivers whereof the Queen was answered of any yearly Rent or Profit, others reieaud' nor to Farmers, Owners or Occupiers of the Rivers of Wye, ujke, and other Rivers in the said Proviso j euz. c. 17. r mentioned or contained: Leares

II. One Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, ititituled, 3 Eiiz. C 20..*An Act touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure j' together with all u Ejjz. C u. and every Explanations, Additions and Alterations thereof or of any of them, or to any of them, made " £ "r

by several Statutes in the fourteenth, eighteenth and three and fortieth Years of her said late majesty's Reign: per of L

III. And one Act made in the seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, Regis, intituled, 'An Act for the Maintenance of the Pier and Cob of Lime regis in the County of Dorset27, e|'z. not

IV. And one Act made in the third Year of the Reign of the late King James, intituled, 'an Act for j, 8.

' the Avoiding of unnecessary Delays of Executions be by Authority of this Parliament made perpetual, The four Att's and shall from henceforth (land in full Force and Effect, and be put in due Execution for ever hereafter, bowmen

V. And be it also enacted by the same Authority, That one Statute made in the one and twentieth pet"eai.ma°epcr* Year of the Reign of the late King James, intituled, 'An Act against Usury, 'which Act was to continue Execution, for the Space of seven Years from the four and twentieth Day of June, which then should be in the usury year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred twenty and five, and so to the End of the first Session m^ecperi iuau of Parliament then next following, he also by Authority of this Parliament made perpetual.

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Act made in the one and twentieth cables Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, 'an Act for the true Making of11 ' Cables, Halfers and Ropes

VII. And that Part of one Act made in the Parliament held at Westminster by Prorogation the Cattle, fourth Day of November and continued until the first Day of February next after, in the third and 3&4ed o C js» fourth Years of the Reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, by which it is ordained and enacted, That no Person or Persons after the Time in the said Act mentioned shall fell again live Cattle in the said Act mentioned, at or in the Market or Fair wherein he bought the same, during the Time of the same Fair or Market, under the Pains therein contained:

VIII. And that no Person being a Butcher, and using the Craft or Mystery of Butchery, shall at any Cattle

Time after the said Feast buy any fat Oxen, Steers, Runts, Kine, Heifers, Calves or Sheep, and sell or cause to be sold the same again alive, upon Pain of Forfeiture of every such Ox, Steer, Runt, Cow,

Heifer, Calves or Sheep, bargained or sold contrary to the Form of that Act:

IX. One other Act made in the same Parliament, intituled, 'An Act for the Buying and Selling of^"1 and Butter and Cheese y together with one Statute made in the Parliament held in the one and twentieth 3^Ed. 6. Year of the Reign of the late King James, intituled, .'an Act for the Explanation of the Statutes made c. 21.

in the third, fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of the said late King Edward the Sixth, concerning 11 Jac*1 c i2'

' the Traders of Butter and Cheese:

And so much of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, Fifo.

' An Act touching certain politic Constitutions made for the Maintenance of the Navy, 'as is not re ssliz<c> 5> pealed by any later Statute, nor doth concern the Eating of Flefii, or using of Fish upon the wednesday, nor the Transportation of Herring or other sea fiffi, nor Freedom of Subsidy, Custom or Tonnage for the same, nor Transportation of Corn, nor the prohibiting the Bringing into this Realm any Cod or Ling in Barrels or other Casks; together with all and every other Additions, Explanations and Alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any Part thereof, by any Statute or Statutes made fithence the

8 Making

128 C 4. (5.) Anno tertiocaroli I. A.D. 1627.

11 jac.i. C 28, Making of the said last mentioned Act, and in Force the last Day of the Session of Parliament that was in tyre one and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King James:

Merchants.

XI. And one other Act made in the said fifth Year, intituled, 'An Act for Avoiding diverse foreign S eliz. c. 7. < Wares made by Handicraftsmen beyond the Seas: '

Games.

XII. And an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

8 Ehz. C 10. < An Act for Bowyers and the Prices of Bows:

Purveyors.

XIII. And one Act made in the thirteenth Year of tyre Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled 13 C 21. C An Act that Purveyors may take Corn and Victuals within five Miles of Cambridge and Oxford, in Certain Cases

14 Eliz, C 5.

1 % Eliz. C 3,

Highway!.

18 Ehz. C 20.

Westminster.7 Eliz. not printed.

Malt.

17 eliz. c. 14.

Ed.6, C 10 Sea banks.

27 Eliz. C 24, Ale.

31 Eliz. C 8,

ker/ies. 35'eliz. C 10.

Timber.

33 eliz. c. 11.

XIV. And so much of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen

Elizabeth, intituled, 'an Act for the Punishment of Vagabonds, and the Relief of the Poor and ime potent, 'as concerneth the Taxing, Rating, Levying and Employing of gaol money

XV. And so much of an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for the setting the Poor on work and avoiding Idleness, 'as concerneth Ballards be

soften out of lawful Matrimony: (2) With this. That all Justices of the Peace within their several imits and Precincts, and in their several Sessions, may do and execute all Things concerning that Part of the said Statute, that by Justices of the Peace in the several Counties are by the said Statute limited to be done: .,

XVI. And an Act made in the said eighteenth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth intituled, 'An Act for Repairing and Amending of the Bridges and Highways near unto the City or 6 Oxford: '

XVII. And one Act made the seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for the good Government of the City or Borough of Westminster

XVIII. And two other Acts made in the said seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, the one intituled, 'An Act for reviving of a former Statute for the true Making of Malt, 'together with the Statute by the said Act revived; (2) and the other intituled, 'An Act for the Keening of the Sea banks and sea works in the County of Norfolk:

XIX. And one Act made in the one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for the true Gauging of Vessels brought from beyond the Seas, converted by Brewers for the Utterance and Sale of Ale and Beer: '

XX. And two Acts made in the five and thirtieth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, the one intituled, An Act for the Reformation of sundry Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens according to a Proclamation of the four and thirtieth Year of her said majesty's Reign; '(z) the other, intituled, 'An Act for the bringing in of Clapboard from the Parts beyond the Seas, and the C Retraining of the Transporting of Wine Casks, for the sparing and preferring of Timber within the Realm: '

Pope.

35 Eliz. C X

Poor.

39 Eliz. C 4.

X Jac. 1, C 2c. feet. 20. Mariners.

39 Eliz. C 10.

23 Eliz. c. 7. Wool Cards.

39 Eliz. C 14. Mai:

59 Eliz. C 16. Poor.

43 Eliz. C 3. Frivolous Suits, 43 Eliz. C 6. Poor.

43 Eliz. C 2.

1 Jac. 1. C 25. Apprentice.

The Overseers of the Poor may put out Apprentices.

The Churchwardens, C may setup any Trade to find the Poor Work.

Woollen Cloth. 4.3 Eliz. C 10. Perjury.

43 Eliz. C 5. Poor.

Jac. 1, C 7.

39 Eliz. C 4.

1 Jac. 1, C 8.

XXI. And so much of one Act made in the five and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act to retain the queen's majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience, 'as hatlj not been since repealed by any other Statute

XXII. And the several Acts hereafter mentioned, made in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, that is to say an Act intituled, 'an Act for the Punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars, 'with the Provision annexed thereunto by one Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James, intituled, 'An Act for the continuing and reviving of diverse Statutes, and forrepeal ing of some others; '(2) An Act intituled, 'An Act for the Increase of Mariners, and for Main tenance of Navigation, 'repealing a former Act made in the three and twentieth Year of her said ma jessy's Reign, ^bearing the same Title; (3) An Act intituled, 'An Act prohibiting the bringing into this Realm of Foreign Cards for Wool; '(4) An Act intituled, An Act for restraining the excessive Making of Malt; '(5) ' An Act against lewd and wandering Persons, pretending to be Soldiers or Mariners.

(6) And the several Acts hereafter mentioned, made in the three and fortieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, that is to say, An Act intituled, 'An Act for the necessary Relief of Soldiers or Mariners; (7) An Act intituled, 'An Act to avoid trifling and frivolous Suits m Law in her Majesty's Courts at Westminster; (8) An Act intituled, 'An Act for Relief of the Poor, 'with the Addition thereunto made by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James, intituled,

' An Act for continuing of diverse Statutes, and for Repeal of some others, 'and with this further Addition

(9) and be it enacted, That all Persons to whom the Overseers of the Poor shall, according to the said Act, bind any Children Apprentices, may take and receive, and keep them as Apprentices; and also that the Churchwardens and O verseers of the Poor mentioned in the said Act made in the said three and fortieth Year, may, by and with the Consent of two or more Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, within their respective limits, wherein shall be more Justices than one, and where no more shall be than one with the Assent of that one Justice of the Peace, setup, use and occupy any Trade, Mystery or Occupation, only for the setting on w«rk and better Relief of the Poor of the Parish, Town or Place, of or within which they shall be Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor; any former Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: (10. An Act intituled, 'An Act for the true Making and Working of Woollen Cloth (11. An Act intituled, 'An Act to prevent Perjijry and Subornation of Perjury, and unnecessary Expense in Suits of Law (12) And the several Acts piade in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James after mentioned; one Act intituled, 'An Act for Continuance and Explanation of the Statute made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen eliza beth, intituled, 'An Act for Punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars: '(13) Another intituled, 'An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy for some Kind of Manslaughter: '(14) Another in §'"' tituled,

A.D. 1627. Anno tertio Caroll I.

C 4. (5.) 129

tituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather, lcatlier saving for such Part thereof as is repealed by one other Act made in the fourth Year of his laid late Ma \ Reign of England, in that Behalf: (15) Another intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the In dml. tent and Meaning of former Statutes made against Shooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Jac< C'j7 pheasants and Partridges, and against the destroying of Hares with hare pipes, and tracing of Hares in the Snow:

(16) An Act, intituled, An Act for Avoiding of Deceit in Selling, Buying or Spending corrupt and unwholesome Hops.

Hops: (17) An act, intituled, An Act for Explanation of the Statute made in the fijth Year of the late Queen»Re. i. <=. is. elizabeth'r Reign, concerning Labourers: (18. An Act for the charitable Relief and ordering of Persons infected ovith the Plague: (19) And the several Acts made in the third Year of the Reign of the late Ring fames, plague.' after mentioned, that is to say, one intituled, An Act for Relief of such as lawfully life the Trade and Han dicraft of Skinners, (20) Another act, intituled, An Act for Rating and Levying of the Charges for lifniier/'3'* Conveying of malefactors and Offenders to the Gaol, {21) Another at, For Transpartation of Beer over the 3 jac. 1. C 5. Seas: (-22) One other, intituled, An Act against unlawful Hunting and Stealing of Deer and Conies, imprisonment. (23) And one act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of the said late King James, intituled, C 10. An Act for the better Provision of Meadow and Pafure for the necessary Maintenance of Husbandry and Tillage, 3 j.i'c.». C 11. in the Manors, Lordfoips and Parishes of Marden, alias Mawarden', Bodenham, Wellington, Sutton St. Mi deer cliael, Sutton St. Nicholas, Murton upon Lugge, and the Parish ofh ipe, and every of them, in the County Huftsmar) .13* Hereford: (24) And the several acts made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the said late King lac. r. C ir. James after mentioned; the one, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of justice, and suppressing of cri offenders in tte tninal Offenders in the North Parts of the Kingdom of England; (25) Another, intituled, An Act for the due,

Execution of diverse Laws and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars, and other Poor.' lewd and idle Persons; (26) Another, intituled, An Act to prevent the Spoil of Corn and Grain by untimely tjac.i.e.*. Hawking, and for the better Preservation of Pheafonts and Partridges, (27) One other, intituled, An Act to 1 r.

avoid the double Payment of Debts, (28) One other, intituled, An Act for the Explanation of one Statute made Debt in the second Session of that present Parliament, intituled, An Act against unlawful Hunting oj Deer and Conies, 7pc-1. C iz. (29) And one other act, intituled, An Act for the taking, landing and carrying of Sea sand for the bettering 'fff, C of Grounds, and for the Increase of Corn and Tillage, within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: (30) And huibl dry. that one Part 01 the Statute made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the 7 Jf - >c l2 eighth, intituled, An Act for the dejlruhion of Wildfowl, which was repealed by a later act in the Parliament held in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, and revived 3 &4ed.6. c.v, in the Parliament held in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King James: (31) And - one act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Mary, for and concerning the Making,

Repairing and Amendment of the Common Highway and Cawfey in the Counties of Dorset and somerset, between the Towns of Shaftsbury and Sherborn in the said County of Dorset, and revived in the said one and twentieth Year: (32) And also the several acts hereafter mentioned, made in the said one and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King James; That is to say, An act intituled, An Act concerning Women conyihed of small Felonies; (33) And one act, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of a former Statute made in the fourth Year of the Reign of the said late King James, intituled, An Act for the true Making ffwof'n woollen Clothes, and for fotne Additions and Alterations in and to the same, together with so much of one Woollen cloth. act made in the said fourth Year, as was in Force the raft Day of the Session of Parliament held in the 21 Jac. 1. C is.' said one and twentieth Year: (34) And one other act, intituled, An Act to prevent and reform pro Jac', C'*> sane Swearing and Cuffing, (35) And one act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Defraying and Mur cutting and* dering of Bafard Children, (36) by Virtue of this act, shall be and continue until the Ena of the first Swearing Session of the next Parliament, in Force and effect as the same were the first Day of the Session of Parc'

liament held in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King that now is: (37) And be 2, ajaaj. fc. it also enacted, That one Statute made in the said first Year of his Majesty's Reign that now is, intituled, The 5ss'ai'uiej An Act for punidoing of diverse Abuses committed on the Lord's Day, shall continue in Force until the.end of 5bov5'mcu' the first Session of the next Parliament. unril th"oj

the first Sdfiion of the next Parliament. icari. c. 1. loid sday.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That so much of every of the said acts, as by any new Act made in Cominued till this Session of Parliament are or shall be explained, altered or repealed, shall for so much thereof, from fume other Act the End of this Session of Parliament, stand and be in Force as by those other acts shall be ordained. tinuance or D f

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That continuance of when the Prices of Corn or Grain, at the Times, Havens and Places, when and where the said Com or 'he said Grain shall be bought, shipped or loaden, exceed not the Rates hereafter following, viz. The Quarter of wiier Corn may Wheat at thirty and two Shillings the Quarter; the Quarter of Rye at twenty Shillings; the Quarter of be trar.sported. Peas and Beans at sixteen Shillings; the Quarter of Barley or Malt at sixteen Shillings of current English 11 Jac c' Money; That then it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, being Subjects of the king's

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and born within this Realm, to carry and transport of his own, and to buy to sell again in Markets and out of Markets, and to keep or sell, or carry and transport, any of the said Corns and Grains from the Places where they shall be of such Prices, unto any Parts beyond the Seas in Amity with his Majesty, as Merchandise, in Ships, Crayers or other vessels, whereof any english born subject or Subjects then shall be the Owner or Owners, or the same to carry and fell in other Places within this Realm or Dominions thereof; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: that the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have and receive by the thecufiom an Customers and Officers of his Ports, for the Custom or Poundage of every Quarter of Wheat, 'Poundage of to be transported by Force of this Statute, out of this Realm, two Shillings; of every Quarter corn of other Grain, sixteen pence: Which said several Sums so to be had and taken as Custom or Poundage, shall be in full Satisfaction of all manner of Custom or Poundage for the said Corn or Grain, by"

Ths King's Proclamation may restrain transportation of Corn.

vteuh Cottons.

Spiccry. j6 R. 2. C i.

Liveries. i6h.i. C

21 R. 1. C J

1 H. C

7 H. 4. C 14. 13h.4. c. 3.

Z H. 6. C 4.

S Ed. 4. C 1,

3 H. 7. CL 1.

3 H. 7. C ia

Repeal of the nine Statutes list mentioned.

Lands preservtd from the Sea.

7 Jac. 1. C 10. Continued until the next Parliament.

zreachor.z. c.i.

C 5. (6.)-7. (8.) Anno tertio Caroli I.

A.D. 1627.

any Constitution, Order, Statute, Law or Custom heretofore made, used or taken for transporting any such manner of Corn or Grain, or made in this present Session of Parliament or hereafter to be made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, may at all Times by his and their Writ of Proclamation, to be published generally in the whole Realm, or in any of the Counties of this Realm, where, any Ports are, command, That no Person shall by Virtue of this Act transport or convey any manner of Grain out of his Highness Dominions generally, or out of any special Ports, to be in the said Proclamation, particularly named, for such Time as shall be therein limited and appointed: (2) And it shall not be. lawful for any Person to carry out any such Grain contrary to the Tenor of the said Proclamation, upon such Pains and Forfeitures as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are and have been provided and ordained in that Behalf; this Act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall incur any Penalty for Want of Length, Breadth or Weight of Welsh Cottons, under the Price of fifteen Pence the Yard, or two Shillings the Goad, so as they be not mixed with Hair or other deceitful Stuff, nor for any others above that Price, except they shall be mixed as aforesaid, or shall shrink above: the Rate of Half a Yard in twelve Yards of Length, or weigh less than fourteen Ounces the Yard, or hold not full three Quarters of a Yard broad,

XXVII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that Part of one Statute made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of tyre late King Richard the Second, by which it is ordained, That no manner of Spicery, after that it be brought into the Realm, shall be carried out of the same Realm by Aliens nor by Denizens, upon Pain of Forfeiture thereof: (2) And one Statute made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the Second, concerning Liveries: (3) And one other Statute made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Richard the Second, by which it is ordained, That no Vadelets called Yeomen, nor other of lesser Estate than an Esquire, shall use or bear any Sign of Livery, called Livery of Company, of any Lord within the Realm: (4) And one Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of Liveries: (y) And one Statute made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of Liveries: (6) And one other Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of Liveries: (7) And one Statute made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, concerning Liveries: (8) And one Statute made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Fourth, concerning Liveries: (9) And so much of one Statute made in the third Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, concerning the star-chamber, as toucheth or concerneth the Punishment of those that shall give or take Liveries: (10) And one other Statute made in the said third Year, concerning taking of Liveries by the King's Officers and Farmors; (11) be from henceforth repealed.

XXVIII. And be it also enacted by Authority of this Parliament, That one Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King James, intituled, 'An Act for the speedy Recovery of many thousand Acres of Marsh Grounds, and other Grounds within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea, in diverse Parts of the said Counties, and for the Prevention of the Danger of the like Surrounding hereafter, 'be continued, and shall stand in Force until the End of the next Session of Parliament. [By 16 Car. 1. C 4. All Acts hereby continued are further continued.]

CAP. V VI

The Estates of the Tenants of Rromfield and Yale in the County of Denbigh, and of the Tenures, Rents and Services thereupon referred (according to the late Composition made for the same with the King's most excellent Majesty, then Prince of Wales) ratified and confirmed. P. R.

CAP. VI VII

Five Subsidies granted by the Spiritualty.

EXP.

CAP. VII VIII

Five Subsidies granted by the Temporalty Amo quarto Caroli Regis. EXP,

Anno Regni Caroli Regis Anglic Scotiac, Francise & Hibernian decimo sexto.

Parliament.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the third Day of November, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred and forty, in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of Charles the First, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, £sry. To the

high Pleasure of Almighty God, and the Weal public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth

CAP. I.

An Act for the preventing of Inconveniences happening by the long Intermission of Parliament.

and altered, 16 Car. 2. C 1.

Repealed

A.D. 1640. Anno decimo sexto Carol 1 1.

G. 2. -- 6.

*3*

CAP. II.

An Act for the Relief of his Majesty's Army, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for the reforming of some Things mistaken in the late Act made this present Parliament for the Taxes, granting of four Subsidies, intituled, An Act for the Relief of his maj efy's Army, and the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, and to make good the Acts of the Commissioners and other Officers by them authorised or appointed, and to be authorised or appointed.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the further Relief of his Majesty's Army, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom.

EXP.

II. AND be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Passing of this present Actor of any Diverse statutes 1\ other Act or Acts, or his Majesty's Royal Afient to them or any of them in this present Session continued, of Parliament, shall not be any Determination of the said Session; and that all Statutes and Acts of Parliament which have their Continuance, or were by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the C r,

Reign of his Majesty that now is, intituled, An Act for the Continuance and Repeal of diverse Statutes, con continued fur tinued until the End of tyre first Session of the then next Parliament, shall by Virtue of this Act be ad there judgdd ever since the Session of Parliament in the said third Year, to have been of such Force and Effect as the same were the last Day of that Session, and from thenceforth until some other Act of Parliament see made touching the Continuance or Discontinuance of the said Statutes and Acts in the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign continued as aforesaid.

I

CAP. V.

An Act for the better Raising and Levying of Mariners, Sailors and others, for the present guarding of the Seas, and necessary Defence of the Realm.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act concerning the Limitation and Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

WHEREAS the Term of St. Michael, commonly called Michaelmas Term, doth begin so soon

inconvenience

after the Feast of St. Michael, that it is generally found to be very inconvenient to his Majesty's ofmicbaetom Subjects, both Nobles and others, as well for the keeping of the Quarter sessions next after the Feast

St. Michael the Archangel, and the keeping of their Leets, Law days and Court barons, which Feast o^sr. Mi ' they can by no Means attend in regard of the Necessity of their coming to the said Term so speedily chaei.

A after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, to appear upon Juries, and to follow their Causes and Rcl1 443- Suits in the Law; the same Time being the ' chief Time of all the Year for the Sowing of Land with Winter Corn, and for the disposing and setting in Order of all their Winter Husbandry and Business, and for the receiving and paying of Rents; and in many Parts of this Kingdom Harvest is

seldom or never inned till three Weeks after the said Feast: '

II. Therefore the King's most excellent Majesty, out of the Princely Care that he hath of all his Sprf. Rax. 71, loving Subjects, having a special Care to the Increase and Continuance of their Wealth and good Estates,

by the Afient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem bled, and by the Authority of the same, ordaineth, enacted and establisheth, That in the said Michaelmas Term there shall be six common Days of Return only, and not above; that is to say, (2) the first Day of the Return thereof shall be and be called A die 'sancti Michaelis in tres Septimanas, (3) the fe cone! Day of Return of the same Term shall be and be called A die Saneri Machaelis in umtm vienfem; fix common

(4) the third Day of Return of the same Term shall be and be called In Craftino Animarum, (5) the Days of Return fourth Day of Return of the same Term shall be and be called In Craftino Sancii Martini, (6) the fifth ort Day of Return of the same Term shall be and be called In Oliabis Sancii Martini, (7) and the sixth Day of Return of the said Term shall be and be called A die Sancii Martini in quindecim dies:

III. And that the same Days of Return shall be observed in all the Pligh Courts of Record of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, hereafter to be held at Westminster, or other Place or Places at the Assignment or Appointment of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors: (2) Th "Rewm and that from and after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next coming the re shall not be nor be called any Days of Return in Odlabis Sancti Michaelis, 'nor 4 A die Sancti Michaelis in quindecim dies, 'nor either of them: (3) And that the said Term of St. Michael yearly for ever, from and after the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next coming, begin in and upon the said Tres feptimanas Sancti Michaelis, 'whensoever it shall happen to fall (except it be on the lord's Day commonly called Sunday, and then on the Morrow next after) for the keeping of the Effoins, Profers, Returns and other Ceremonies heretofore used and kept, in like Manner and Form as hath been used to be done in the Day of the Return, commonly called Oftabis Sancti Michaelis: (4) And that the full Term of St. Michael shall

'S 2 yearly away.

132

C 6. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. A.D. 1640.

yearly for ever, from and after the said Feast: of St. Michael next coming, in all the aforesaid Courts of^Record begin and take his Commencement upon the Quarto die' of the said tres leptimanas Sancti ftuubegiii e m Michaelis, 'and not before, as formerly it hath been used upon the Quarto die' of Oclabis Sancti mi chaeiis' except it be on the lord's Day commonly called Sunday, and then on the Morrow next after.

How Days shall IF. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Feast of St. Michael the be given on Writs Archangel next coming, any Writ in any real Addon, other than Writs of Entry for common Recoveries, mhekh^tfwrits an Writs of Right or Advowson, and Writs of Dower Unde nihil habet, 'hereafter mentioned, come of Entry, Right in and be returnable in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, in the Day of Return of Tres fep.timanas of Advowson, or Sancti Michaelis, 'then Day shall be given in Craftino Purificationis beatae Mariae: '(2) And if. "'A die Dower. Sancti Michaelis in unum menfem, 'then in Odlabis Purificationis beatae Mariae; '(3} if in Craftino

Animarum, 'then in Quindena Pafchas; '(4.) if in Craftino Sancti Martini, 'then*A die Pafchae in tres feptimanas; '(5) if in Odlabis Sancti Martini, 'then ' A die Pafchae in unum menfem; '(6) if in Quindena Sancti Martini, 'then 'in Quing; feptimanas Pafchae; '(7) if in Odtabis Sancti Hillarii, 'then 6 in Craftino Ascenfionis Domini; '(8) if in Quindena Sancti Hillarii, 'then in Craftino Sancta '(9) if in Craftino Purificationis beatae Maria;, 'then 'in Odlabis Sandia; Trinitatis; '(10) if in Odtabis Purificationis beatae Mariae, 'then 'in Quindena Sandlae Trinitatis; '(11) if in Quindena Pafchae, 'then ' A die Sandlae Trinitatis in tres feptimanas(12) if ' A die Pafchae in tres feptimanas, 'then ' A die Sancti Michaelis in tres feptimanas; '(13) If ' A die Pafchae in unum menfem, 'then ' A die Sancti Michaelis in unum menfem; '(14) If ' A die Pafchae in quing; feptimanas, 'then in Craftino Animarum; '(1;,) if in Craftino Ascenfionis Domini, 'then in Craftino Sancti Martini; '(16) if in Craftino Sandlae Trinitatis, 'then in Odlabis Sancti Martini; '(17) if in Oclabis Sandlae Trinitatis, 'then in Quindena Sancti Martini; '(18) if in Quindena Sandlae Trinitatis, 'then in Odlabis Sancti Hillarii; '(19) if 'A die Sandlae Trinitatis in tres feptimanas, 'then in Quindena Sancti Hillarii.'

V. And for the more speedy Proceeding in Writs of Dower, and Writs of Entry for common Recoveries, to be sued and prosecuted by Writs of Entry, or Writs of Right of Advowson, (2) be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next coming, any Writ of Dower Unde nihil habet, 'or any Writ of Entry whereupon a common Recovery is to be sued, or Writs of Right of Advowson, be returnable, ' A die Sancti Michaelis in tres feptimanas, 'then a day lb all be given in Odlabis Sancti Martini; '(3) if ' A die Sancti Michaelis in unum menfem, 'then in Quindena Sancti Martini; '(4) if in Craftino Animarum, 'then in Odlabis Sancti Hillarii; '(5) if rin Craftino Sancti Martini, " then in Quindena Sancti Hillarii; '(6) if in odlabis Sancti Martini, 'then in Craftino Purificationis beatae Marias; '(7) if in Quindena Sancti Martini, 'then in Odtabis Purificationis beatae Mark; '(8) if in Oclabis Sancti Hillarii, 'then in Quindena Pafchae; (g) if in Quindena Sancti Hillarii, 'then ' A die Pafchae in tres feptimanas10) if in Craftino Purificationis beatae Maria;, 'then ' A die Pafchte in unum mentem; '(11) if in Odlabis Purificationis. beatae Maria?, 'then ' A die Pafchae in quinque feptimanas; '(12) if in Quindena Pafchae, 'then in Craftino afccn fionis Domini; '(13) if in Mense Pafchae then in Quindena

Trinitatis in tres feptimanas; '(17) if in Craftino Sandlae Trinitatis, 'then ' A die Sancti Michaelis in tres feptimanas; (18) if in Odlabis Sandlae Trinitatis, 'then ' A die Sancti Michaelis in unum menfem (19) if in Quindena Sandt* Trinitatis, 'then in Craftino Animarum; '(20) if ' A die Sandlae Trinitatis in tres feptimanas, 'then in Craftino Sancti Martini.'

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid. in all Writs of jfluejoined, nf d°wer Unde nihil habet, 'after htue joined, it shall not be needful or requisite to have above.fifteen teen Days be Days betwixt the Teste and Return of the Venire facias, or any other Process to be sued out for the T rial of tween the Teste the said Issue; but that the Writ of Venire facias, and other Process after Issue joined, until' judgement be

and Return fuf, _ i. cn________i__._.rr w_______j t __________ nu j j ecan.9 t

fioient.

How Doys shall be given in these Writs.

tn Writs ef Dswer, after

tween the Teftt

Craftino afcen fionis a erfeft Return.

The Effuin days.

Writs in perfb nalagionr, having Day from tres m chnel s

given, having only fifteen Days between the Teste and Return thereof, shall be good and effectual in Law, as is used in personal Actions; Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel now next coming, the said Day of Return, called Craftino Ascenfionis Domini, shall be a good and perfect Return to all Intents and Purposes, as any other of the said Days of Return before mentioned is or hath been used, notwithstanding the re be not fifteen Days between the Quarto die of the said Return of Craftino Ascenfionis Domini and the Essoin Day of the Return of Craftino sanp.es Trinitatis.

VIII. Ana' be it further enacted, That all Writs and Process in personal Actions hereafter to be made out of any of his Majesty's said Courts at Westminster, and having Day from Tres Michaelis until Craftino Animarum, shall be good and effectual in Law, notwithstanding the re be not fifteen Days betwixt the

nlanir^ood"'" ^aarto f t^le laid Tres feptimanas Sancti Michaelis and the Days of Essoin of Craftino Animarum; any £s00 Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

p oviso for

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs and Process Writs return to be made from and after the Feast of Rafter in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred for abie 1641. Exp. ty one, returnable in Oclabis or Quindena Sancti Michaelis now next ensuing, or having Days betwixt any of the said Returns, fhalkby Force of this Act have Day unto Tres feptimanas Sancti Michaelis next, and the Parties to the said Writs and Process shall then appear and plead, and proceed thereupon, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Writs and Process had been made returnable A die Sancti Michaelis in tres feptimanas.

Writs Of sum ' X And whereas before the making of this Act, all Writs of Summons ad Warrantizand. against the rantixind. upon Vouchees, upon Common Recoveries had in Writs of Entry, and Writs of Right of Advowson, were

Common Rcco' ' made

A.D. 1640. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. C 7-10. 133

' mad; for nine Returns inclusive; 'Now for the more speedy perfecting of such Recoveries, Be it en vtri.e!> m.d. acred by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next, ^adv°wfon ail and every such Writs of Summons ad tvarrantizand. upon the Appearance of the Tenant to every such abridged to five Writs of Entry, and Writ of Right of Advowson, shall and may be made and abridged to five Returns, Returns, as Writs of Summons ad warrantizand. in Writs ofdower Unde nihil habet, heretofore have been used and accustomed.

XI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Common Writs and Process, as well d^to"ei^tots Persona! as Mixed, which shall fortune to be returnable in the said Michaelmas Term, Trail have and keep keep the afore the said Returns of ' A die Sancti Michaelis in tres feptimanas, A die Ranch Michaelis in unum nrenfem, <'aid Returns.

In Craftino Animarum, In Craftino Sancti Martini, In Odtabis Sancti Martini, 'and 'A die Sancti Martini in quindecim dies, 'or any of them.

XII. Provided always, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such and like Casespae beappofntea and Process, asfpecial Days have been used to be appointed and alligned and given, for the returning ofas have been Writs and Process, it shall be lawful to the Justices of every of the King's said Courts of Record for the used.

Time being, in all the Process by them awarded, to assign and appoint special Days of Returns, as by

their Discretions shall be thought convenient. Da sin Assize

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Days in Assize of 0noarreinpre darrein Presentment, and in Plea of Quare Imp edit, limited and appointed by the Statute or alarlebridge, fentment, and in and also the Days to be given in Attaint, limited in the Statute made in the fifth Year of the reign of the f^irandin Noble King Edward the Third, and also in the Statute made in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign attaint/not

of the late King Hairy the Eighth, of worthy Memory, being not contrary to the Tenors of this Act, shall contrary hereto, be held firm and (fable, and shall Hand in their full Force and Effect. cz H. 3. C 12. C Ed. 3. C 6. jj?, llee lr, forc*

Hn tt n j J d j tbisterm is far.

C 3. 3^1*. C 2. there abbreviated

CAP. VII.

byz\Geo. 2. C 4?,

An Act to prevent Inconveniences by the untimely Adjournment of Parliaments. EXP,

xz Car, 2. C I,

CAP. VIII.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage, Ppundage, and other Sums of Money. payable upon Merchandise exported and Imported.

EXP.

Tonnage and Poundage,

CAP. IX.

An Act for the speedy provision of Money for Disbanding the Armies, and settling the Peace of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland. EXP,

CAP. X

An Act for the Regulating of the Privy Council, and for taking away the Court commonly called the star-chamber.

WHEREAS by the Great Charter many Times confirmed in Parliament, it is enacted, That no recitatofrnna Freeman shall be taken or imprisoned, or diffeifed of his p'reehold or Liberties, or Free Customs, charta.and fl 3

' or be outlawed or exiled or otherwise destroyed, and that the King will not pass upon him, or con verai Statutes.

' demn him; but by lawful Judgement of his Peers, or by the Law of the Land: (z) And by another9^3* Sut r

' Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, it is enacted, That no Man 5 Ed9.'3. C g,

' shall be attached by any Accusation, nor forejudged of life or Limb, nor his Lands, Tenements, Goods 3 H. 7- > - nor Chattels seized into the King's Hands, against the Form of the Great Charter, and the Law of the Land: (3) And by another Statute made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the same King 25 Ed. 3. stat, 5,

' Edward the Third, It is accorded, alfcnted and established. That none shall be taken by Petition orc f

' Suggestion made to the King, or to his Council, unless it be by Indictment or Presentment of good and lawful People of the same Neighbourhood where such Deeds be done, in due Manner, or by Process

' made by Writ Original at the common-law, and that none be put out of his Franchise or pyeehold,

unless he be duly brought in to answer, and forejudged of the same by the Course of the Law, and if

' anything be done against the same, it shall be redrellbd and held for none: (4) And by another, 8 Ed.3. C 3,

' Statute made in the eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of the same King Edward the Third, it is '

amongst other Things enacted, That no Man. of what Estate or Condition soever he be, shall be put out of his Lands or Tenements, nor taken, nor imprisoned, nor disinherited, without being brought in to answer by due Process of Law: (5) And by another Statute made in the two and fortieth Year of the Ed

Reign of the said King Edward the Third, It is enacted, That no Man be put to answer, without Pre

' fentment before Justices, or Matter of Record, or by due Process and Writ Original, according to the

' old Lav of the Land, and if anything be done to the contrary, it shall be void in Law, and held

for Error: (6) And by another Statute made in the six and thirtieth Year of the same King Edward .3. C

' the Third, It is amongst other Things enacted, That all Pleas which shall be pleaded in any Courts

' before any the King's Justices, or in his other Places, or before any of his other Mihifters, or in the Courts and places of any other Lords within the b.calm, shall be entreu and enrolled in Latin: (7) And 3 H. 7, C 1.

whereas by the Statute made in the third Year of King Henry the Seventh Power is given to the chan cellor, the Lord Treasurer of England for the Time being, and the Keeper of the King's Privy Seal, or

8 two

134 C io.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli I.

A.D. 1640.

t i H. 8. c. 10.

All Matters examinable in the Star chamber, f'rtiay ba examinable and redressed by the Gammon Law.

court of star-chamber, and all its powers, di<solved.

Like Jurisdiction in several other Courts repealed and taken, away.

5 H, 7. C r. zi H. 8. C 20. '

No Court or Council to have the like juris oicuon,

The King or his Privy Council lull not have pirifdiflion over any man's Ettate,

Penalties upon great Officers and others for the first Qfftnce.

Second Offence.

' two of them, calling unto them a Bifoop and a Temporal Lord of the King's most Honourable Coun ' CI and the two Chief Justices of the King's Bench and Common Pleas for the Time being, or other two Justices in their Absence, to proceed as in that Act is expressed, for the Punishment of some particu lar Offences therein mentioned: (8) And by the Statute made in the one and twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, thepresident of the Council is associated to join with the Lord Chancellor and other Judges in the said Statute of the Third o Henry the Seventh mentioned; (9) but the Laid Judges have not kept themselves to the Points limited by the said Statute, but have undertaken to punifo where no Law doth warrant, and to make Decrees for Things having no such Authority, and to inflict heavier Puni some nts than by any Law is warranted.

II. And forasmuch as all Matters examinable or determinable before the said Judges, nr in the Court 6 commonly called the star-chamber, may have their proper Remedy and Redress, and their due Punifo meat and Correction, by the common-law of the Land, and in the ordinary Course of Justice else where j (2) and forasmuch as the Reasons and Motives inducing the Erection and Continuance of that Court do now cease: (3) and the Proceedings, Censures and Decrees of that Court, have by Expe rience been found to be an intolerable Burden to the Subjects, and the Means to introduce an arbitrary Power and Government; (4.) and forasmuch as the Council table hath of late Times assumed unto it 1 ' self a Power to intermeddle in Civil Causes and Matters only of private Interest between Party and Party,

and have adventured to determine of the Estates and Liberties of the Subject, contrary to the Law of I, £ the Land and the Rights and Privileges of the Subject, by which great and manifold Mischiefs and Inconveniences

have arisen and happened, and much Incertainty by Means of such Proceedings hath been conceived concerning Mens Rights and Estatesfor settling whereof, and preventing the like in Time to come,

III. Be it ordained and enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the said Court commonly called the star-chamber, and all Jurisdiction, Power and Authority belonging unto, or exercised in the same Court, or by any the Judges, Officers or Ministers thereof, be from the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred forty and one, clearly and absolutely dissolved, taken away and determined; (2) and that from the said first Day of August neither the Lord Chancellor, or Keeper of the Great Seal of England the Lord Treasurer of England, the Keeper of the King's Privy seal, or President of the Council, nor any Bishop, Temporal Lord, Privy Counsellor or Judge, or justice whatsoever, foall have any Power or Authority to hear, examine or determine any Matter or Thing whatsoever, in the said Court commonly called the star-chamber, or to make, pronounce or deliver any Judgement, Sentence, Order or Decree, or to do any Judicial or Ministerial Act in the said Court: (3) And that all and every Act and Acts of Parliament, and all and every Article, Clause and Sentence 1 in them, and every of them, by which any Jurisdiction, Power or Authority is given, limited or appointed unto the said Court commonly called the star-chamber, or unto all or any the Judges, Officers or Ministers thereof, or for any Proceedings to be had or made in the said Court, or for any Matter or Thing to be drawn into Question, examined or determined there, shall for so much as concerneth ths said Court of star-chamber, and the Power and Authority thereby given unto it, be from the said first Day of August repealed, and absolutely revoked and made void.

IV. And be it likewise enacted, That the like Jurisdiction nowufedand exercised in the Court before the President and Council in the Marches of Wales, (2) and also in the Court before the President and Council established in the Northern Parts; (3) and also in the Court commonly called the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, held before the Chancellor and Council of that Court; (4) and also in the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester held before the Chamberlain and Council of that Court; (5) the like jurisdiction being exercised there, shall from the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred forty and one, be also repealed and absolutely revoked and made void; any Law, Prescription, Custom or Usage or the said Statute made in the third Year of King Henry the Seventh, or the Statute made in the one and twentieth of Henry the Eighth, or any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore had or made, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: (6) And that from henceforth no Court, Council or Place of Judicature, shall be erected, ordained, constituted or appointed within this Realm of England, or Dominion of Wales, which foall have, use or exercise the same or the like Jurisdiction as is or hath been used, practised or exercised in the said Court of star-chamber.

V Be it likewise declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That neither his Majesty, nor his Privy Council, have or ought to have any Jurisdiction, Power or Authority, by English. Bill, Petition, Articles, Libel, or any other arbitrary Way whatsoever, to examine or draw into Question, determine or dispose of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels of any the Subjects of this Kingdom; but that the same ought to be tried and determined in the ordinary Courts of Justice, and by the ordinary Course of the Law.

VI. And be it further provided and enacted, That if any Lord Chancellor, or Keeper of the Great Seal of England, Lord Treasurer, Keeper of the King's Privy Seal, President of the Council, Bishop, Temporal Lord, Privy Counsellor, Judge or Justice whatsoever, shall offend, or do anything contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Law, then he or they foall for such Offende forfeit the Sum of five hundred Sounds of lawful Money of England unto any Party grieved, his Executors or Administrators, who thn.ll really prosecute for the same, ami first obtain Judgement thereupon, to be recorded in any Court of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no ef foin, Protection, Wager of Law, Aid Prayer, Privilege, Injunction or order of Restraint, shall be in any wise prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance: (2) And if any Person against whom any such Judgement or Recovery shall be had as aforesaid, foall after such Judgement or Recovery offend again in the same, then he or they for such Offence shall forfeit ths Sum of one thousand Pounds

8 of

A.D. 1640. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I.'

C II

135

of lawful Money of England unto any Party grieved, his Executors or Administrators, who shall really prosecute for the same, and first obtain Judgement thereupon, to be recorded in any Court of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no eftoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Aid Prayer, Privilege, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise prayed, grained or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance: (3.) And if any Person against whom any such fecund judge Third Offence, meat or Recovery shall be had as aforesaid, shall after such Judgement or Recovery offend again in the same Kind, and shall be thereof duly convicted by Indictment, Information, or any other lawful Way or Means, that such Person so convicted shall be from thenceforth disabled, and become by Virtue of this act incapable fpfo jadto, to bear his and their said Office and Offices respectively; and shall be likewise disabled to make any Gift, Grant, Conveyance, or other Disposition of any of his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, or to take any Benefit of any Gift, Conveyance or Legacy to his own Use.

VII. And every Person so offending shall likewise forfeit and lose unto the Party grieved, by any 'Piling Treble dama^es donc contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Law, his treble Damages which he shall furtain and to the Party

be put unto by Means or Occasion of any such act or Thing done, the same to be recovered in any of his srl5v£'majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by action or Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Aid Prayer, Privilege, Injunction or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

VIII. And be it also provided and enacted, That if any Person shall hereafter be committed, restrained

of his Liberty, or suffer Imprisonment, by the Order or Decree of any such Court of star-chamber, or other Court aforesaid, now or at any Time hereafter, having or pretending to have the same or like Jurisdiction, Power or Authority to commit or imprison as aforesaid, (2) or by the Command or Warrant

of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in their own Person, or by the Command or Warrant of the Council board, or of any of the Lords or others of his Majesty's Privy Council; (3) that in every such every^vdcon case every Person so committed, restrained of his Liberty, or suffering Imprisonment, upon Demand or t°aivto thisadi' Motion made by his Council, or other employed by him for that Furpole, unto the Judges of the Court of oiaii have an King's Bench or Common Pleas, in open Court, shall without Delay, upon any Pretence whatsoever, Habci, s Corpus, for the ordinary Fees usually paid for the same, have forthwith granted unto him a Writ of Habeas Corpus, to be directed generally unto all and every Sheriffs, Gaoler, Minister, Officer or other Persons in whose Custody the Party committed or restrained shall be, (4) and the Sheriffs, Gaoler, Minister, Officer or other Person in whose Custody the Party so committed or restrained shall be, shall at the Return of the said Writ, and according to the Command thereof, upon due and convenient Notice thereof given unto him, at the Charge of the Party who requirelh or procureth such Writ, and upon Security by his own Bond given, to pay the Charge of carrying back the Prisoner, if he shall be remanded by the Court to which he shall be brought, as in like Cases hath been used, such Charges of bringing up and carrying back the Prisoner to be always ordered by the Court, if any Difference shall arise thereabout, bring or cause to be brought the Body of the said Party so committed or restrained unto and before the Judges or Justices of the said Court from whence the said Writ shall iliue, in open Court, (5) and shall then likewise certify the true Cause of such his Detainer or Imprisonment, and thereupon the Court, within three Court days after such Return made and delivered in open Court, shall proceed to examine and determine whether the Cause of such Commitment appearing upon the said Return be just and legal, or not, and shall thereupon do what to Justice shall appertain, either by delivering, bailing or remanding the Prisoner; And if anything shall be otherwise wilfully done or omitted to be done by any Judge, Justice, Officer or other Person aforementioned contrary to the Direction and true Meaning hereof, that then such Person so offending shall forfeit to the Party grieved his treble Damages, to be Treble Damage recovered by such Means, and in such Manner as is formerly in this Act limited and appointed for the., ndefault like Penalty to be sued for and recovered.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, that this Act and the several Clauses therein contained shall Ts what Courts be taken and expounded to extend only to the Court of star-chamber, (2) and to the said Courts held this Act shall before the President and Council in the Marches of Wales, (3) and before the President and Council ineitten

the Northern Parts, (4) and also to the Court commonly called the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, held before the Chancellor and Council of that Court, (5) and also in the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, held before the Chamberlain and Council of that Court, (6) and to all Courts of like Jurisdiction to be hereafter erected, ordained, constituted or appointed as aforesaid; and to the Warrants and Directions of the council board, and to the Commitments, Restraints and imprisonments of any Person or Persons made, commanded or awarded by the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in their own Person, or by the Lords and others of the Privy Council, and every one of them.

X. And safely provided, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be sued, impleaded, mor

lested or troubled for any Offence against this present Act, unless the Party supposed to have so offended ftahbeim shall be sued or impleaded for the same within two Years at the most after such Time wherein the said pleaded within Offence shall be committed. tworsa" aftm'

CAP. XX any Offence.

A Repeal of the Branch of a Statute primo Elizabetha?,

Causes Ecclesiastical.

concerning Commissioners for

WHEREAS in the Parliament held in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Eliza*' beth late Queen of England, there was an Act made and established, intituled, An Act restoring, 8"

' to the Crown the ancient Jurisdiction over the State Ecclesiajiica! and Spiritual, and abolishing all foreign

*' tower

Eliz. C 2* fcdl,

136 C 12.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. A.D. 1640.

Jrifig'n commission Court.

'flu; said Branch of the 1 Eliz. «.£. repealed.

Power taken zway fromarch biihups, Bishops and other ecclesiastical Persons and Courts.

: Cr. 261,

Penalty, treble Damages, and one hundred Pounds.

Offenders convicted, disabled ftom any Office or imployment by the King's Letters Patents.

No new Court to be erefled with the like Power.

Tonnage and Poundage,

Power repugnant to the same; in which Act amongst other Things, there is contained one Clause, ' Branch, Article or Sentence, whereby it was enacted to this Effect; namely. That the said late 6 queen's Highness, her Heirs and Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, should have full Power and Authority by Virtue of that afv, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, to assign, name and authorise, when and as often as. her Highness, her Heirs or Successors, should think meet and convenient, and for such and so long Time as should please her Highness, her Heirs or Successors, fi such Person. or Persons being natural born Subjects to her Highness, her Heirs or Successors, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, should think meet to exercise, use occupy and execute under her Highness, her Heirs and Successors, all Manner of Jurisdictions, Privileges and Preheminence, in any wise touching or concerning any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within these her Realms of England, and Ireland, or any other her Highness Dominions and Countries, and to visit, reform, redress, order, correstand amend all such Errors, Heresies, Schisms, Abuses, Offences, Contempts and Enormities whatso ever, which by any Manner of Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, canormaylaw fully be reformed, ordered, redressed, corrected, reis rained or amended, to the Pleasure of Almighty God, thelncrease of Virtue, and the Conservation of the Peace and Unity of this Realm; And that such person or Persons so to be named, afllgned, authorised and appointed by her Highness, her Heirs or Successors, after the said Letters Patents to him or them made and delivered as aforesaid, should have full 4 Power and Authority, by Virtue of that Act, and of the said Letters Patents, under her Highness, her Heirs or Successors, to exercise, use and execute all the Premises, according to the Tenor and Effect of the said Letters Patents; any Matter or Cause to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by Colour of some Words in the aforesaid Branch of the said Act, whereby Commissioner are authorised to execute their Commission according to the Tenor and Effect of the King's 4 Letters Patents, and by Letters Patents grounded thereupon, the said commifeoners have, to the great and insufferable Wrong and Oppression of Jthe King's Subjects, used to fine and imprison them, and to exercise other Authority not belonging to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction restored by that at, and diverse other great Mischiefs and Inconveniences have also ensued to the King's Subjects, by Occasion of the said Brandi and Commissions issued thereupon, and the Executions thereof; Therefore for the re prelfing and Preventing of the foresaid Abuses, Mischiefs and Inconveniences in Time to come;

III. Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the foresaid Branch, Clause, Article or Sentence, contained in the said Act, and every Word, Matter and Thing contained in that Branch, Clause, Article or Sentence, shall from henceforth be repealed, annulled, revoked, annihilated and utterly made void for ever; anything in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. and. be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Archbishop, bishop.nor Vicar General, nor any Chancellor, Official nor Commissary of any Archbishop, Bishop or Vicar General, nor any Ordinary whatsoever, nor any other Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Judge, Officer or Minister of Justice, nor any other Person or Persons whatsoever, exercising Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Power, Authority or jurisdiction, by any Grant, Licence or Commission of the ring's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Power or Authority derived from the King, his Heirs or Successors or otherwise, shall from and after the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred forty and one, award, impose or inflict any Pain, Penalty, Fine, Amerciament, Imprisonment or other corporal Punishment upon any of the King's Subjects, for any Contempt, Misdemeanour, Crime, Offence, Matter or Thing whatsoever, belonging to Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Cognizance or Jurisdiction, (2) or shall ex Officio., or at the Instance or Promotion of any other Person whatsoever, urge, enforce, tender, give or minister unto any Churchwarden, side man or other Person whatsoever, any corporal Oath, whereby he or she shall or may be charged or obliged to make any Presentment of any Crime or Offence, or to confess or to accuse himself or herself of any Crime, Offence, 'Delinquency or Misdemeanour, or any Neglect, Matter or Thing, whereby or by Reason whereof he or she shall or may be liable or exposed to any Censure, Pain, Penalty or Punishment whatsoever; (3) upon Pain and Penalty that every Person who shall offend contrary to this Statute, shall forfeit and pay treble Damages to every Person thereby grieved, and the Sum of one hundred Pounds to him or them who shall first demand and sue for the same; which said treble Damages and Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall and may be demanded and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill or Plaint, in airy Court of Record, wherein no Privilege, efl oin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed to the Defendant. (4) And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be once convicted of any Act or Offence prohibited by this Statute, shall for such Act or Offence be from and after such Conviction, utterly disabled to be or continue in any Office or Imploymentin any Court of Justice whatsoever, or to exercise or execute any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction by Force of any Commission or Letters Patents of the King, his Heirs or Successors.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of August, no new Court shall be erected, ordained or appointed within this Realm of England or Dominion ot Wales, which shall or may have the like Power, Jurisdiction or Authority, as the said High Commission Court now hath or pre tendeth to have; but that all and every such Letters Patents, Commissions and Grants, made or to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and all Powers and Authorities granted, or pretended or mentioned to be granted thereby, 'and all Acts, Sentences and Decrees to be made by virtue.or Colour thereof, shall be utterly void and of none Effect [Repealed by 13 Car. a.stat. 1. C 12. §. 2. except as to the High Commission court, uv.l

Cap. XII

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported.

EXP.

C 13, 14.

137

A.D. 1640. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I.

Cap. XIII

An Act for the securing of such Moneys as are or shall be due to the Inhabitants of the County of York, and the other adjoining Counties, wherein his Majesty's Army is or hath been Billetted, for the Billet of the Soldiers of the said Army, as also to certain Officers of the Army who do forbear Part of their Pay according to an Order in that Behalf made in the Commons House of Parliament this present session, for such Part of their Pay as they shall so forbear.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the declaring unlawful and void the late Proceedings touching ship-money, and for the vacating of all Records and Process concerning the same.

WHEREAS diverse Writs of late Time issued under the Great Seal of England, commonly called thelatepm

W Ship writs, for the Charging of the Ports, Towns, Cities, Boroughs and Counties of this Realm shfp money respectively, to provide and furnish certain Ships for his Majesty's Service: (z) And whereas upon the declared uniaw Execution of the same Writs and Returns of Certioraries thereupon made, and the sending the same by full, dannaflll?r'

Mittimus into the Court of Exchequer, Process hath been thence made against sundry Persons pretended c°rs concerning

to be charged by Way of Contribution, for the making up of certain Sums affdfed for the providing of the tame, made

the said Ships, and in especial in Easter Term in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

' the King that now is a Writ of Scire facias was awarded out of the Court of Exchequer, to the then certioraries.

Sheriff of Buckinghamshire, "against John Hampden, Esquire, to appear and shew Cause, why he Should Mittimus.

not be charged with a certain Sum (o assessed upon him; (3) upon whose Appearance and Demurrer to Scire ft?

the Proceedings therein, the Barons of the Exchequer adjourned the same Case into the exchequer s 4 Chamber, where it was solemnly argued diverse Days, and at Length it was there agreed by the greater vaugnan'139.'4 Part of all the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Exchequer, there assembled, That the said John Hampden (hold be charged with the said Sum so as aforesaid assessed on him; (4) the main Grounds and Reasons of the said Justices and Barons which so agree, being, that when the Good and Safety of the Kingdom in general is concerned, and the whole Is ingdom in Danger, the King might by Writ under the Great Seal of England, command all the Subjects of this his Kingdom, at their Charge, to provide and furnish such Number of Ships with Men, C Victuals and Munition, and for such Time as the King (hold think fit, for the Defence and Safeguard of the Kingdom from such Danger and Peril, and that by Law the King might compel the doing the re 4 of, in case of Refusal or Refradtoriness; (5) and that the King is the sole judge, both of the Dangerzlnft. Sjj.

and when and how the same is to be prevented and avoided; (6} according to which Grounds and Rea fons, all the Justices of the said Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the said Barons of the Exchequer, having been formerly consulted with by his Majesty's Command, had set their Hands to an Extrajudicial extrajudicial Opinion, expressed to the same Purpose; which Opinion, with their Names thereunto. Opinion,

i4 was also by his Majesty's Command enrolled in the Courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, and likewise entered among the Remembrances of the Court of star-chamber, and according to the said Agreement of the said Justices and Barons, Judgement was given by the Barons of the Judsment.

Exchequer, That the said John Hampden (hold be charged with the said Sum so assessed on him; (7)

and whereas some other Actions and Process depend, and have depended, in the said Court of Exchequer, and in some other Courts against other Persons, for the like Kind of Charge, grounded upon the said Writs, commonly called Ship writs, all which Writs and Proceedings as aforesaid, were utterly against the Law of the Land; '

Iu. Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Com siiip mon y, mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Charge im mel e^ot^ poled upon the Subject, for the providing and furnishing of Ships, commonly called ship-money, and trary to La the said extrajudicial Opinion of the said Justices and Barons, and the said Writs, and every of them, and the said Agreement or Opinion of the greater Part of the said Justices and Barons, and the said Judgement given against the said John Hampden, were and are contrary to and against the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, the Right of Property, the Liberty of the Subjetfts, former Resolutions in Parliament, and tjhe Petition of Right made in the third Year of the Reign of his Majesty that now is.

ILL. And it is further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Particu, y 0ar'

Jars prayed or desired in the said Petition of Right, ft mil from henceforth be put in Execution accordingly, to be observel.*and shall be firmly and strictly held and observed, as in the same Petition they are prayed and expressed; Judgments and (2) and that all and every the Records and Remembrances of all and every the Judgement, Inrolments, ric "ecir>|s Entry and Proceedings as aforesaid, and all and every the Proceedings whatsoever, upon or by Pretext or mara'y.^rd'ali Colour of any of the said Writs, commonly called Ship writs, and all and every the Dependants on any entiies'.r coids of them, shall be deemed and adjudged to all Intents, Constructions and Purpose, to be utterly void and a, nd Ini; o'j1'cn, & disannulled; that all and every the said Judgement, Inrolments, Entries, Proceedings and Dependants void?*' nud* of what Kind soever, shall be vacated and cancelled in such Manner and Form as Records use to be that are vacated.

T

138 C 15. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. A.D. 1640.

CAP. XV.

An Act against diverse Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannary Courts.

Ed. 1. charter.

WHEREAS King Edward the First, of famous Memory, did for the Amendment of the Stanna*W ries in the County of Devon, grant diverse Franchises and Liberties to the Tinners there: (2)

' And whereas in the Parliament in the fiftieth Year of King Edward the Third, upon the Petition of the Commons of the County of Devon, certain Branches and Articles of the said Charter were explained in expuitwd Manner following, that is to say, Whereas one Article of the said Charter is in these Words following, '

50 Ed. 3. "viz. Sciatis nos ad emendationem Stannariarum noftrarum in Com. Devon, ad tranquillitatem & utili

[Latin removed.]

' Whereupon the said Commons prayed a Declaration, as followeth, '"Requeste, Sur quoi plefe declarer "fi auters persons que les Efteynors overantz in les Efteineryes averont & enjoyeront la franchise grante per la dite Chartre du Roy deficome la dite Chartre vpet. Quod omnes Stannatores prsedicsti operantes "in Stannariis illis, sint liberi, cet autres persons que les overours ceftaflavoir leurs Maiftres que les "louent & leurs servants & clayment mefme la Franchise. Et auxint plefe declarer fi les dites over "y averont les Franchises que in autres temps a quant ils averont in mefme Lefteinery deficome la "Chartre voet; Dum operantur in eifdern Stannariis sint liberi, C. 4) ' Upon which Request, An 4 fwer was made as followeth "Responf. En droit de les dites paroles, operantes in Stannariis illis, & "dum operantur in eifdern Stannariis, Sojent cjerement entenduz de operariis laborantibus duntaxat in "Stannariis illis fine fraud & dolo, & non de aliis, nec alibi laborantibus." (5) ' And whereas the said Commons prayed a farther Declaration, as followeth "Requeste, Item soit declarez, fi le Gardein de "Lefteinery puilfe tenir plee inter Eftyeinor & Forrevn de querele fourdante aillours que en les lieux ou "ils font overantz deficome la Chartre voet. Quod Custos noster praedidtus, vel ejus locum tenens teneat omnia placita inter Stannatores praedidtos emergen. etiam inter ipfos & alios forinfeeosde om- nibus transgreilionibus, querelis, & contradlibus fastis in locis in quibus operantur infra Stannarias pne CC ditftas similiter emergen. C Quare il tient plee des tieux quereles fourdantz in chefcune parte deins "le dit Counte." (6) 'upon which, Answer was in these Words, '"viz. Resp. Et en droit de ceste Ar "fe ent extende la Jurisdiction cleremente folone' les paroles del dit Chartre, Ceftaflavoir; in locis 8- R z "iidem operarii operantur, & nemy aillours northeast en autre manner." (7) ' Which Charter so declared;

' was repeated again; and in the eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, commanded to be put in Execution:

II. And whereas the said King Edward the First made the like Charter to the Tinners in the County of Cornwall, which Charter was in the foresaid Parliament, upon the Request of the Commons of the County of Cornwall, declared in the same Manner and Words:

The like charier*III. And whereas the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall have by Virtue of the said char rn Tiyineri in - ' ters enjoyed diverse and great Liberties, and are quit from all Tolls, Tallages, Aids and other Customs Declaration. ' in the Vills, Ports, Fairs and Markets within the said Counties respectively(2j Which great Liberties

' do of Right belong to the working Tinner, working without Fraud or Deceit in the Stannaries aforesaid, ' and not to any other nor elsewhere working, and were granted to the said Tinners for their Encourage ahufeof Liber ment in their Works: (3) And whereas of late Years sundry Inhabitants within the said Counties, and

others, to entitle themselves to the said Liberties, have by Fraud and Covin, for small or no Considers tions, bought and acquired, and do buy and acquire to themselves decayed tin works, and small and

inconsiderable Parts in the same and other tin works; which Abuses are done principally to inable the said false and fained Tinners to vex and sue their Neighbours in the Stannary Courts, where for the most part the Defendant is unjustly debarred his Costs, although the Cause be adjudged with him; (4) 4 and the Jurisdiction of the said Stannaries hath, contrary to ancient Right and Usage and the said Charters, been endeavoured to be extended out of the Places where the Tinners do work, through the whole Counties of Devon and Cornwall respectively, which is no Way for the Benefit of his Majesty, but for the Angular Lucre of some private Persons: (5) And whereas by the said Abuses great Inconveni encies do follow, (that is to say) the Inhabitants of the said Counties are miserably vexed, oppressed and imprisoned, his Majesty defrauded of his Aids and Customs, and the Lords and Owners of Fairs, Mar kets and other Franchises, of their Tolls and Duties, and the Government of the Country exceedingly confounded and eluded, the said false and feigned Tinners claiming when they list to be Tinners, and when they list to be Foreigners; besides, that if timely Provision be not made, the certain Decay of his Majesty's Profit in the tin works will ensue, for that the same being divided into so many 'Hands and Parts, cannot conveniently be seton work, nor Contribution raised for the working of the same: '

The f, rmerde IV Be it therefore enacted by his Majesty, and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the com cpranons con mons in this present Parliament assembled, '1 hat the said Declarations be henceforth held and duly observed;

A.D. 1640. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. G. 16. 139

with this. That the Words of the said Charters and Declarations, In loth ubi operantur, be expounded of the Vill, Tithing and Hamlet where some Tinwork in Work is situate, and not elsewhere, In loch um open and no longer than the same tin work is or shall be in Working: (2) And if any Person or Persons rantur>, ht>wex- that shall be sued in the said Stannaries, shall swear or tender his or their Oath in the said Court where Non" hut tir he or they shall be faed, that he or they are not, nor is, nor at Time of the Suit commenced was not, ners lobe fuel; nor were a Tinner or Tinners, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be forthwith discharged of such fey w0lk suit, unless that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs do forthwith make Oath that the said Plaintiff or plain ms nr'er5 tiffs is or are true and working Tinners, without Fraud or Deceit, and that the Cause of his or their Suit arose within the said stannaries, or concerneth Tin or tin works: (3) And if any Person be not Persons filed by revert!, and without Fraud, a working and labouring Tinner, in or about some tin work, seton work the^aclior'*'* within one Half year next before his Suit, shall (ue, prosecute or implead in any the said Courts, or before the Warden, vice warden or Steward of the said Stannaries, any Person or Persons, that is or are not a Tinner or Tinners at the Time of such Suit commenced, then the Defendant and Defendants in every such Case shall have his and their advion at the common-law, against such Person suing or prosecuting, wherein he shall recover ten Pounds and his Damages and Coifs of Suit: (4) Pro bebrotk!it°«ith vided, That such Action be brought within two Years next after the Action or Suit brought in the in two Yean, said Stannary Courts, or before the said Warden, vice warden or Steward.

V. And be it declared and enabled, That in all Cases where the Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs orcohsie Defendants, are to have Coifs by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, there also the said Plaintiffs and nar)' court. Defendants shall, have the like Coifs in the Stannary Courts: (2) And in regard that the said Charters

were granted for the Ease and Advantage of the Tinners, and not for their Disadvantage or Oppression, and yet diverse of them who for special Reasons have desired to sue at the common-law, have been restrained;

Be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Tinners, if they think Tinners may sue fit, to sue any Foreigners at the common-law; the said Charter or any Usage to the contrarysln mon'uw* notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas the Bailiffs of the said Stannary Courts are very numerous, and are Persons of small or no Credit, and yet upon their Return that any Person is become Surety for any other upon stannaries.

Arrelf by Process out of the said Courts, such Person who sometimes knows nothing of the Matter, is by false Returns of the said Bailiffs, made liable to the Debt or Demand, which Bailiffs, by Reason of their Poverty, are often nor responsible, and so the Party without Remedy.

VIII. Be it enacted, That no Person or Persons be charged or troubled as Surety by any Return of ma7beufueii.s any Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Stannaries, unless that the Person or Persons returned Surety or Sureties shall in the Presence of two Witnesses subscribe or signa Note in Writing, that such Person or Persons is or are become Surety or Sureties; (2) which Note shall mention the Names of the Plaintiffs and Defendants in the Suit, and the Sum or Damages in Demand, and the Nature of the Affion, and shall be signed or subscribed by the said Witnesses, and returned and filed in the Court out of which such Process shall iflhe, and no Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Stannaries shall be admitted as Witnesses to any such Note.

IX. And whereas in the said Stannaries it is used, that if the Bailiffs return any Person arreffed, that if such Person make Default at the Day, he shall be condemned, and Execution is suddenly awarded,

when as often the Party was not arreffed

X Be it further enacted, That no Defendant shall be condemned upon such Return for not appear shalu^con1*

ing, unless also a Note under the Hand or Sign of the Party arreffed, and subscribed by two such Wit aemncdota nesses as aforesaid, be returned into the said Court at or before the Day of Appearance; and the said bailiff's Return, Bailiff or Bailiffs shall take but fourpence for every such Note as aforesaid; and it is provided that "braibed^she none shall be bailed upon Arreff there, till he give such Note. Party. y

XI. And in Case any the said Bailiff or Bailiffs shall return a Refcous against any Person or Persons, Refcous.

lie or they shall be admitted to traverse the said Return; which Traverse if it be found with him or them se'd, \gr°r' 6' so travelling, then he or they shall be it further troubled or occasioned by Reason of such Return. bat Labourers in

the Stannaries may recover their Wages before 'jujitces,

CAP. XVI.

An act for the Certainty of Forests, and of the Meets, mers, Limits and Bounds of the Forests

by Act of Parliament made in the firs Year of the Reign of the late King Edward, e<j. j.srat.:, the Third, it was ordained, That the old Perambulation of the f oreff in the Time of King. 1.

Edward the Firs, should be thenceforth held in like Form as it was then ridden and bounded, and in such Places where it was not bounded, the King would that it should be bounded by good Men and lawful:

II. And whereas for many Ages past certain Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds of the Forests, have been commonly known and observed in the several Counties wherein the said Forests lie:

III. And whereas of late diverse Presentments have been made, and some Judgments given, whereby

the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds of some of the said Forests haie been variously extended, or pretended to extend, beyond some of the said Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds so commonly known,

and formerly observed, to the great Grievance and Vexation of many Persons having Lands adjoin

to the said Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds so commonly known, and formerly observed:

T z. 4 whereas

140 C 16.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli I.

A.D. 1640.

C If. 3. Jiat. 1. Wh i inallbe the Meets and Bounds of Sore iu.

presenttients contrary here wn*o shall be void.

whereas of late Time same Endeavours or Pretences have been to seton foot Forests in some Parts of this Realm, and the Dominion of Wales, where in Truth none have been or ought to be, or at lead have not beenufed of long Time: 'For Remedy whereof, may it please your moult excellent Majesty, That it be declared and enacted by Authority of Parliament;

IV. And be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bouuds of all and every the Forests respectively, shall be to all Intents and Purposes taken, adjudged and deemed to extend no further respectively than the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds which in the several Counties respectively wherein the said Forests do lie, were commonly known, reputed, used or taken to be the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds of the said Forests respectively, in the twentieth Year of the reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Janies, and not beyond in any wise; any Perambulation or Perambulations, Presentments, Extents, Surveys, Judgments, Records Decrees, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: (2) And that all and every the Presentments since the said twentieth Year made, and all and every other Presentment and Presentments, and all and every Judgement and Award upon, or by Reason or Pretext of, any such Presentment or Presentments, and all and every Perambulation and Perambulations, Surveys, Extents, and other Act and Acts, at any Time heretofore had or made, by which the Meets, Meers, Limits or Bounds of the said Forests, or airy of them, are or are pretended to be further extended than as aforesaid; (3) And also all and every Presentment of any Person or Persons at any Justice seat, Swainmote, or Court of Attachments, for or by Reason or by Colour of any Act or Acts whatsoever done or committed in any Place without or beyond the said Meets, Meers, Limits or Bounds respectively, so commonly known, reputed, used or taken as aforesaid, and all and every Fine and Fines, and Amerciament and Amerciaments, upon, by Reason or Colour of any such Presentment or Presentments, shall from henceforth.be adjudged, deemed and taken to be utterly void, and of no Force or Effect; any Law, Statute, Record or Pretence whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

No pl ce where V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Place or Places within this Realm rtojufuc Seat, of England, or Dominion of Wales, where no such Justice seat, Swainmote, or Court of Attachment Covi tof Ar ^avc been held or kept, or where no Verderers have been chosen, or Regard made, within the Space of tachmentf, C fi cty Years next before the first Year of his Majesty's Reign that now is, shall be at any Time hereafter hath bten with judged, deemed or taken to be Forest, or within the Bounds or Meets of the Forests; (2) But the same in sixty Years, rabe frorn thenceforth for ever hereafter disafforested and freed, and exempted from the Forest Laws;

any Justice seat, Swainmote, or Court of Attachment held or kept within or for any such Place or Places, at any Time or Times since the Beginning of his Majesty's said Reign, or any Presentment, Inquiry, Act or Thing heretofore made or hereafter to be made or done to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better putting into Certainty all and every the Meets, Meers, Bounds and Limits of all and every the Forest, as aforesaid, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, shall by Virtue of this Act, upon Request of any of the Peers of this Kingdom, or of the Knights and burr gesses of the Parliament, or any of them, grant several Commissions under the Great Seal of England, to Commissioners to be nominated respectively by the said Peers, Knights and Burgesses, or any of them, (2) to inquire of and find outby Inquests of good and lawful Men upon Oath, and by the Oaths of Witnesses to be produced t the said Inquests, and by all other lawful Means, all and every the Meers, Meets, Bounds and Limits of the Forests respectively, which were commonly known to be their Meers, Meets, Bounds and Limits respectively, in the said twentieth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord Ring; James, and to return the Inquests so taken into the Court of Chancery; (3) and that all and every the Sheriffs and Bailiffs, of and in every County wherein any such Inquests shall be so to be taken, and all and every the Verderers, Foresters, Rangers, and other Officers of the Forests respectively where any such Officers be, shall be assistant and attendant to the Executions of the said Commissions, according as by Virtue of the said Commissions respectively they shall be commanded; (4) and where no such Officers are, or where such Officers be, if they or any of them shall refuse or negedt such Assistance and Attendance as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners shall and may proceed without them in the Execution of the said Commissions.

Forests ftnll not

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Forests whereof the Meets, Meers, btynnd Limits and Bounds shall be so returned and certified by Virtue of any the said Commissions as aforesaid, (b"ceturncd.&c' from thenceforth shall not extend nor be extended, nor be deemed, adjudged or taken to extend any further in any wise than the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds that shall be so returned and certified: (2) And that all the Places and Territories that shall be without the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds so returned and certified, shall be and are hereby declared to be from thenceforth free to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had never been Forest, or so reputed; any Act or Acts, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Grounds Hiftffo

VIII. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Grounds, re.ied(hill be. Territories or Places, which have been or are disafforested, or mentioned to be disafforested in or by excluded. any Letters Patents, Charters or otherwise, since the said twentieth Year of the Reign of our said late Sovereign Lord King James, shall be excluded and left out of the Meets, Meers, Limits and Bounds of Vbi. V 13. Jiat. the Forests, which are to be inquired of, returned and certified by Virtue of the said Commissions, or 4-5- any of them respectively, and shall be and hereby are declared and enacted to be utterly disafforested,

free and exempt to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had never been at all Forest, or so reputed; anything in this present Act contained, or any other Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

shall. be accounted Forest,

For ascertaintog o Meets, CC

mm: ffion8 shall be iffiicd.

s

A.D. 1640. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. C 17 — 19. 141

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Tenants, Owners and Occupiers and every Tenant, own of them, of Lands and Tenements which shall be excluded and left out of the Meets, Meers, Limits land excluded or Bounds of the Forests to be returned and certified by Virtue of any the said Commissions, shall or hall enjoy their may use and enjoy such Common, and other Profits and Easements, within the Forest, as anciently or ac "orient com customably they have used and enjoyed; anything in this present Act contained, or any Act or Ordi mons' &c' nance made in the three and thirtieth Year of King Edward the First, or any Cufcom or Law of thefo V 1 rest, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. emeenmnhrfe

rcjts, 2ocar. 2. C 3.9& io zfc 3. r. 36. 5 I, C 15.9 Geo. 1. c. 22. anizz Geo. a. C 19.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for dre Pacification between England and Scotland. EXP. Rhymer's Foedera, Vol. 20. p. 488. Scotland.

CAP. ' XVIII

An Act for Lcuring by public Faith the Remainder of the friendly Affifhnce and Relief promised to Scotland.

our Brethren of Scotland.

EXP.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the better Ordering and Regulating of the' Office of Clerk of the Market, allowed and confirmed by this Statute; and for the Reformation of false Weights and, Measures.

lice, and in Regard the said Evils have partly arisen by Means of an Inequality of Weights and Mea Weights and sures throughout this Kingdom, (2) and by Granting and Letting to Farm the said Office of Clerk of Merfures.

[ the Market and the Execution thereof, in and through all or the moll of the several Counties of this Kingdom, for great Sums of Money, which the said Farmers or Grantees, by their unjuil and undue Proceedings in the said Office, do extort from his Majesty's Subjects again, to their great impoverish f ment and yet little or no Redress at all in their said Weights and Measures, or any Benefit thereby accruing to his Majesty: For Remedy whereof, and for regulating of all Weights and Measures according to the true Intent of this Statute, and the other Statutes in that Behalf formerly made and pro r vided, and preventing the said Inconveniences

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, the Lords and Commons of this Therefiiall bz nrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth there shall be ore wetght^nd rut one Weight, one Measure, and one Yard, according to the Standard of the Exchequer, throughout one Yard. '

ul the Realm, as well in Places privilegedus without; anyufage orcustom to the contrary notwithstand9H 3- Stat n

ng: (2) And that every Measure of Corn shall be striked without Heap: (3) And whosoever shall sell by Stat,

r keep any other Weight, Measure or Yard, than as aforesaid, whereby any Corn, Grain or other c7i2.

rhing is bought or sold after six Months after the End of this Present Session of Parliament, shall forfeit 27ed stat

or every such Offence five Shillings; (4) being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one sufficient forfeiture.

witness, before any Justice of Peace, Mayor or other Head Officer of the County, City or Town 2.-353,

Corporate respectively where the said Offence shall be committed, who by Virtue of this Act shall have

>ower to administer an Oath in thatbehalf: C Which said Sum or Penalty of five Shillings shall be le viext0 e"

dead by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, or some or one of them, where

such Offence is or shall be committed, to the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, of the Goods and Chattels of such Offenders, by Way of Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering the Over

)lus to the Party so offending: (6) And in Default of such Distress, it shall be lawful for any Justices of

peace. Mayor or other Head Officer of the County, City or Town Corporate respectively, to commit

he said Party to the Prison or Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall pay such

nuns of Money forfeited as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Clerk of the Market of the King's clerk of the rloufe, which now is cr hereafter shall be, or of the Prince his Highness, his Heirs or Successors, which Limits!', fis or shall be Duke of Cornwall', or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall hereafter execute his or their

'aid Office or Offices respectively in any Part of the Kingdom, but only within the Verge of the King's Court where it shall then reftde for the Time being: (2) And that it shall be always hereafter lawful for Mayor, Head iny Mayor or other Read Officer of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, or for any Lord or Lords gc randl°rds bf Liberty, Liberties or Franchises, his or their Deputy or Deputies or Agents, ' according to their several p'owera^cierks Liberties and Jurisdictions, to have full Power to execute the said Offices respectively, as they ought or of the Market, night have done before the Making of this Act. (3) And for the more Ease of his Majesty's Subjects;

IV. Be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Market within his aforesaid Precincts and Limits Forfeiture of rf the Verge of the King's rloufe only, or any Mayor or other Officer whatsoever, who by Virtue of his Act shall have Power to inquire of any Abuses in Weights and Measures, shall seal or give Allow fences! r ince unto any other Weight or Measure, Weights or Measures, other than according to the said Standard of the Exchequer, or shall upon reasonable Request and Warning refuse to seal of give Allowance unto such Weight or Measure, Weights or Measures, as are according to the said Standard of the Exchequer,

C 20. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. A.D. 1640.

paying only such Fee or Fees for such Allowance, as by the Statute or Statutes, or by ancient Custom, are in that Behalf formerly provided and allowed, and no more, that then the said Clerk of the Market, Mayor and other Officer or Officers of such City, Borough or Town, and the said Lord and Lords of Liberty or Liberties and his and their Deputy and Deputies and Agents respectively, shall forfeit for every such Offence five Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence is or shall be committed.

Forfeiture for V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk of the Market, his Deputy filies^orfees^u*or deputies, or Agents within the Verge aforesaid, or any Mayor, or any other Officer or Officers of any City or Town, or any Lord or Lords of Liberties, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Agents or AC

signs respectively, shall take or receive of any of his Majesty's Subjects, by Colour of the said Office, any common Fine or Fines, or any Fees, other than are formerly allowed by the Statute or Statutes, or ancient Custom in that Behalf made or used(?) (?) take any Fee or Sees, or other Sum of Money, Reward or Consideration, for the Making, Signing or Examination of any Weights or Measures which have been formerly marked or sealed; or shall impose or assess, or cause to be imposed or affieffed, any Fine or Amerciament, Fines or Amerciaments, without a due and legal Trial of the Offences for which the said Fine or Fines, Amerciament or Amerciaments, are imposed or aflelled: (4) or shall otherwise inifdemean himself in the Execution of his said Office, and be thereof lawfully.convicted; (5) he shall forfeit for the first Offence whereof he shall be so lawfully convicted, five Pounds; (6) And for the second Offence, ten Pounds; (7) And for the third Offence, and every other Offence afterwards, twenty Pounds; to be levied as aforesaid ..to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be. committed.

ijr.i. Stat. 1.

VI. And be it enacted, That whosoever shall be fined or amerced by Virtue of this Act shall not be persons fined by aga'n sifted or amerced for the same Offence, by Virtue of any former Law or Statute, this Act, not to

VII. Provided always, That this Actor Statute shall not extend to the Rents of Farms or Lands, or be fined upon any Corn or Grain due of payable to any Lord or Lords, or any Colleges, Houses or other Societies, by renwt/cont' Virtue of any Lease or Leases, or other.covenant or Agreement, but that the same, during the continua excepted. tion of such Lease, Leases or other Agreements, shall be paid, delivered and performed, in such Measure water measure? and Form as the same hath been paid, delivered and performed before the Making of this Act: (2) And Repeaied'as'to tbst such Measure, that is commonly called Water measure, in any Ports, Maritime Towns or other corn and Sait by Places, shall be still used and continued as formerly the same hath been; anything in this Statute con aicar. 2. C 8. tained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Churchwardens, Overseers, or any other authorised by this Statute for the due Execution thereof in any Point, shall be sued, impleaded or otherwise impeached for doing or executing their laid Offices respectively: And if any Suit or Suits hereafter shall be commenced against them or any of them, their Agents or Aflirtants, touching the Premises; That then it shall and may be lawful for them and every of them so sued or troubled in any Court or Courts whatsoever, to plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and to give this Statute in Evidence, or any other special Matter in Evidence.

IX. And in Case by or upon this Law they or any of them shall be found Not guilty, or the Plaintiff unjustvexation. be nonsuited, the Defendant or Defendants 11 tall recover treble Costs against the Plaintiff for his unjust

V exation,

CAP. XX.

An Act for the Prevention of vexatious Proceedings touching the Order of Knighthood.

WHEREAS upon the Pretext of an ancient Custom or Usage of this Realm of England, That Men of full Age, being not Knights, and being seized of Lands or Rents of the yearly Value of forty Pounds or more (especially if their Seilin had so continued by the Space of three Years next past)

might be compelled by the King's Writ, to receive or take upon them the Order or Dignity of Knight hood, or else to make Fine for the Discharge or Respite of the same; several Writs about the Begin ning of his Majesty's Reign issued out of the Court of Chancery, for Proclamations to be made in every County to that Purpose, and for certifying the Names of all such Persons, and for summoning them personally to appear in the King's Presence before a certain Day, to be there ready to receive the said Order or Dignity, (z) Upon Return of which Writs, and transmitting the same with their Returns into the Court of Exchequer, and upon other Writs for further Inquiry of the Names of such Persons,

bluing out of the said Court of Exchequer, Process by Dislringas was thence made against a very great Number of Persons, many of which were altogether unfit, in regard either of Estate or Quality, to re ceive the said Order or Dignity, and very many were put to grievous Fines and other Vexations for the t 4 same, although in Truth it were not sufficiently known how or in wffiat Sort or where they or any of 1;

them should or might have addressed themselves for the receiving the said Order or Dignity, and for u 4 saving themselves thereby from the said Fines, Process and Vexations: (3) And whereas it is most apparent, that all and every such Proceeding in regard of the Matter therein pretended, is altogether ue less and unreasonable; 'it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it be by Authority of Parliament declared and enacted:

II. And be it declared and enacted by the King's rnoff excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Person or Persons, of what Condition, Quality, Estate or Degree soever, shall at any Time be distrained, or otherways compelled by any Writ or Process of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or otherwise by any Means whatsoever, to receive or take upon him or them respectively, the Order or Dignity of Knighthood; z), nor shall suffer or undergo any Fine, Trouble or Molestation whasoever, by Reason

fest. 2,

The General Issuetmy be pleaded.

Treble Costs for

None shall be compelled to take the Order of Knighthood.

Writs issued for Persons to take the Order of Knighthood.

Distringas.

Fines.

No Person shall be compelled to sake on him the Order ofknight hood, nor undergo any Fine for Chat Cause,

A.D. 1640. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. C. 21 — 28. 143

son or Colour of his or their having not received or not taken upon him or them the said Order or Dignity

(3) And that all and every Writ or Process whatsoever, and all and every Proceeding which shall hereafter be had or made contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall be deemed and adjudged to be utterly void: And that all and every Process, Proceeding and Charge now depending by Reason or Colour of the pretended Custom or Writs aforesaid, or of any the Dependants thereof, shall from henceforth cease and hand, be and remain discharged and utterly void: any former Law or Custom, Or any Pretence of any former Law or Custom. any other Matter whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. i c. 2. Stat.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the free Bringing in of gunpowder and salt petre frond Foreign Parts, and for the free Making of gunpowder in this Realm.

WHERE AS the Importation of gunpowder from Foreign Parts hath of late Times been a gainst Law prohibited, and the Making thereof within this Realm ingrossed, whereby the Price portation of of gunpowder hath been excelfively raised, many powder works decayed, this Kingdom very much gunpowder, 'weakened and endangered, the Merchants thereof much damnified, many Mariners and others taken Prisoners, and brought into miserable Captivity and Slavery, many Ships taken by Turkish and other 5 Pirates, and many other Inconveniences have from thence ensued, and more are likely to ensue if they be not timely prevented;

---

[Liberty to all to import Gun-powder.]

II. Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and singular Persons, as well Strangers as natural born Subjects of this Realm, to im- port and bring into this Kingdom any Quantities of Gunpowder whatsoever, paying such Customs and Duties for the same as by Authority of Parliament shall be limited and set down.

[All subjects may make and sell Gun-powder, and import Salt-petre.]

III. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and singular his Majesty's Subjects of this his Realm of England, to make and sell any Quantities of Gun-powder at his and their Will and Pleasure; (2) and also to bring into this Kingdom any and import Quantities of Salt-petre, Brimstone or any other Materials necessary or requisite for the Making of Gun-powder.

[Penalty for putting in Execution Letters Patents, Proclamations, &c. against this Liberty.]

---

IV. And lastly, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons from and after Penalty for put

the tenth Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred forty and [ion letterspa one, shall put in Execution an/letters Patents, Proclamation, Edict, Acts, Order, Warrant, Restraint tents, prccla or other Inhibition whatsoever, whereby the Importation of gunpowder, salt petre, Brimstone or other a

the Materials aforementioned or any of them from Foreign Parts, or the Making of gunpowder within 41 1s' this Realm, shall be any way prohibited or restrained; That thefn the said Person and Persons so offending shall incur and sustain the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures contained and provided in the Statute of Provision and Pramunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second., 6 r. c. 5.

Farther Provijiens relating hereto, i Jac. C S. 5 Geo. I. C 26. 31 Geo. I. r. 23. 4 Geo. 2. f. jg. 35 Geo. 2. c. 32. 12 Geo. 2. c. 3s. and 29 Geo. 2. e. iff,

CAP. XXII.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Tonnage.

Merchandise exported and imported. EXP. Poundage.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Railing of Mariners and Sailors, for the Guarding of the Seas, and his Majesty's Domi Mariners.

nions.

EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to relieve Captives taken by the Turks, and to prevent the Taking of others hereafter. EXP, Captive.

CAP. XXV.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage. Poundage, csy. from the last of November one thousand six Tonnage, hundred forty-one, to the first of February next, and the like until the second of July one thousand six Poundage, hundred forty-two.

EXP.

---

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the Raising of Mariners and Sailors, for the Guarding the Seas, and his Majesty's Kingdoms.

[Mariners.]

EXP.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the Disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporal Jurisdiction or Authority

[Persons in Holy Orders.]

REP. 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 2.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the Raising of Soldiers for the Defence of England and Ireland,

[Soldiers.]

EXP.

144 C 29 — 37. Anno decimo sexto Caroli I. A.D. 1640.

CAP. XXIX.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported.

[Tonnage, Poundage.]

EXP.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for a Contribution and Loan for the distressed People of Ireland.

[Contribution.]

EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported.

[Tonnage, Poundage.]

EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

For the Raising and Levying of Moneys for the necessary Defence and great Affairs of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, and for the Payment of Debts undertaken by the Parliament.

[Ireland.]

EXP.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the reducing the Rebels in Ireland to their Obedience to his Majesty and the Crown of England.

EXP.

See an Act for the Settlement of Ireland, passed in that Kingdom Anno 14 Car. 2. one thousand six hundred and sixty two, by which this and the following Acts concerning Ireland are, besides their Expiration, of no Force.

CAP. XXXIV

An Act for the Explanation of a former Act for the reducing the Rebels in Ireland.

EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to enable Corporations to adventure in Ireland.

PR.

CAP. XXXVI.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage, Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported.

[Tonnage, Poundage.]

EXP.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the further reducing of the Rebels in Ireland to their Obedience to the King and Crown of England.

EXP.

---

A.D. 1660. C. 1-3. 145.

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Anglise, Scotias, Franciae, & Hibernias, duodecimo.

At the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the five and twentieth Day of April, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred and sixty, in the twelfth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles the Second, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And there continued until the nine and twentieth Day of December then next following, and then dissolved by his Majesty: To the high Pleasure of Almighty God, and to the Weal public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament.

FOR the preventing all Doubts and Scruples concerning the Assembling, Sitting and Proceeding of this present Parliament, (2) be it declared and enacted, and it is declared and enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, and by the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the 5 car, t, C 7. same, That the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the third Day of November in the sixteenth The Parliament Year of the Reign of the late King Charles of blessed Memory, is fully dissolved and determined: (3) And declared

that the Lords and Commons now sitting at Westminster, in this present Parliament, are the two Houses of lo bediflbived* Parliament, and soshall be, 'and are hereby declared, enacted and adjudged to be, to all Intents, Con The Lords and structions and Purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding any Want of the King's majesty's Writ or Writs f ^isiw dedarsr Summons, or any Defeat or Alteration of or in any Writ or Writs of Summons, or any other Defecft or to i the to Default whatsoever; as if this Parliament had been summoned by Writ or Writs in his Majesty's Name, Houses of par according to the usual Form, and as if his Majesty had been present in Person at the Assembling and Com iiament menceraent of this present Parliament. (4) Provided always, That this present Parliament may be dif The King's ar solved by his Majesty after the usual Manner, as if the same had been summoned by Writ or Writs in his shall^tdetei? majesty's Name. (5) Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That his Majesty's Royal Assent to this mine this Sef bill shall not determine this present Session of Parliament. fion.

CAP. II.

An Act for putting in execution an Ordinance mentioned in the said Act.

EXP. 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 7.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Continuance of Process, and Judicial Proceedings continued.

WHEREAS the four first Returns of Easter T ermine the Year one thousand six hundred sixty, of Writs, C fnaif |' W late called from easter day in fifteen Days, from easter day in three Weeks, from easter day in not he di/comi one Month, and from easter day in five Weeks, or any of them, cannot be conveniently kept or j^din (Remain held: '(2) Now for avoiding all manner of Discontinuances whatsoever, which by Occasion thereof Daysot Return, should or might happen or be in any Matter or Cause whatsoever, in any the Courts at Westminster'. (3)

Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament,

That no Pleas, Writs, Bills, Addons, Suits, Plaints, Process, Precepts, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, pleaded, returned or depending, or having Day or Days, in any of the' said Courts, in or at jthe said several Returns, or any of them, or at any other Day or Days certain after any of the said Returns, shall be in any wise discontinued, or put without Day, for or by Reason of the not keeping or holding of the said Returns or Days, or any of them; (4) but that all and Angular the said Pleas, Writs, Bills,

Actions, Suits, Plaints, Process, Precepts, and other the Premisses aforesaid, shall stand, continue, and be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Returns and Days, and every of them, had been actually kept and held in all and every the said Courts; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Pleas, Writs, Bills, Actions, Suits, The said Writ, Plaints, Process, Precepts, and other. Thing or Things whatsoever aforesaid, pleadable, or to be pleaded, &2*retumab^ returnable, or to be returned, or having Day in any Manner whatsoever at any of the said Returns, or and pieab, e' Vol. III U any atacettainday,

146 C 3.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

any Day or Days certain after any of the said Returns, be and are hereby continued and adjourned unto, and shall and may be pleaded, returned, heard and determined in the respective Courts aforesaid) at or on the fifth Return of the said Term, of late called In the Morrow of the Ascension of our Lord; (2) Arrd that all Parties in any Pleas, Writs, Bills, Actions, Suits, Plaints, Process, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, having Days given them at any of the said four first Returns, or at any, other day or Days certain after any of the said Returns, in the said Courts, or any of them, by Virtue of this present Act, have the said Return of late called In the Morrow of the Ascension of our Lord, prefixed them therein; (3) and that all Sheriffs, Officers, and other Ministers whatsoever, and every of them respectively, keep in their Hands all Writs, Bills, Process and Precepts, and all other Things whatsoever to them directed respectively, returnable or to be returned in the several Courts aforesaid, at the said four first Returns, or any of them, in or at any Day certain, as aforesaid, until the said fifth Return of lare called The Morrovt of the Ascension of onr Lora* and then return the same into the said several Courts respectively, that such Proceedings may be then had thereupon as should have been had in case the said four first Returns had been kept and nolden.

Process, Writs,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writs, Process, Plaints, Pleas, in ct?uiaiticsnand forrnati°ns5 Indictments or Judicial Proceedings, had, commenced or prosecuted before the fifth Day of Names, may be May in the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty, in the Name, Style, Title or Tell of prose u: ed and 'Cifades Libertatis Anglia Autkoritate Parliament!; or in the Name, Style, Title or Test of The Keepers of proceeded upon. piheriy af England, by Authority of Parliament( ( or in the Name, Style, Title or Test of Oliver Lord Protestor of the Commonwealth a/england, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions thereto belonging, in the Name, Style, Title or Test of Oliver Lord Protestor of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, or in the Name, Style, Title or Test of Richard Lord Protestor of the Commonwealth a england, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, (3) shall be put without Day, abated, quashed or discontinued, by his Majesty's most just Realiumption of the actual Exercise of his Kingly Government in this Kingdom; (4.) nor shall the same be Cause of Error, Abatement or Discontinuance(5) but that all such Writs, Process, Plaints, Pleas, Informations, Indictments and Judicial Proceedings, and all Commissions for taking of Answers or Examination of Witnesses, Commission for taking of Fines and Warrants of Attorney, Guardians or Prochein Amy, shall Hand and be continued, and shall and may be proceeded upon, prosecuted and returned, notwithstanding the same were commenced or prosecuted in English, and notwithstanding the present happy Change and Restitution of his Majesty's Name and Style in judicial Proceedings.

Piece's arh Prow. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one pretended Act made in the fimdin Couns"!} ear our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty, intituled, An Act for turning the Books of the Law, and justic, ro conh Process and Proceedings in Courts of justice, into English, shall Hand and be in Force as if the same had nue. EXP. been a good and effectual Act, from the first Return of Easter Term in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty-one, until the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty, and no longer: (2) And whereas by one other pretended Act made in the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty, intituled, An Act touching Corn and Meal, It was enacted, or mentioned to be enacted, That from and after the twentieth Day of November one thousand six hundred fifty, it should and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Defendant or Tenant, for or by Reason of any Matter to be pleaded, set forth or alleged in Bar to any Action Real, Personal or Mixed, in any Court of Record, to plead the General Issue of Not guilty; or the like General Issue proper to the Nature of the Action or Suit commenced, and for his or their Discharge or Acquitting to give any such Matter in Evidence to the Jury that shall try the same; (3) and that the said Matter shall be as available to such Person or Persons, Defendant or Tenant, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Matter had been specially pleaded, set forth or alleged in Bar of such Action:

Be it further enacted, That the said pretended Act, as touching the Pleading of the General Issue, shall by Authority hereof stand and be in full Force and effect according to the Tenor thereof, until the said first Day of August, as if the same had been a good and effectual Act of Parliament, and no longer.

VI. Provided always, That where the General Issue hath been since the said twentieth Day of November one thousand six hundred fifty pleaded, or shall before the said first Day of August in the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty be pleaded, in any Action, that then upon the Trial of the said Cause, such Evidence shall and may be allowed, as if. the said pretended Act touching the Pleading of the General Issue had been and continued a good and effectual Act of Parliament not determined or discontinued.

VII. Provided also, That his Majesty's Royal Assent to the Passing of this Bill shall not extend or be construed or extend to the Determining of the Session of this present Parliament.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all Writs, Patents and Commissions for constituting; Justices of either Bench, and Barons of the Exchequer, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer

all writs.pa and gaol delivery, and Precepts upon Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery, and all terns, Commis other Commissions hereafter to be made by the Clerk of the Crown in the Chancery, Charters and r!ie"in the King's Letters Patents under the Great Seal, of Lands, Liberties, Honours or Offices, do or may issue in the

nine as for King's majesty's Name, in the same Manner as was usual before the making of the said first recited meiiy, pretended Act; anything in this present Act to the contrary thereof before expressed in any wise not'

8

Pleading the General Issue,

EXP.

h5s majesty's A flint 10 this Bill doth not determine the Section.

J 47

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 4.

CAP. IV.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandise exported and imported.

THE Commons assembled in Parliament, repoling Trull and Confidence in your Majesty, in and thecwfcs and for the Guarding and Defending of the Seas against all Persons intending or that shall intend the Trusts upon Dillurbance of your said Commons in the Intercourse of Trade, and the Invading of this your Realm; |rs" tb For the better Defraying the necessary Expenses thereof, which cannot otherwise be effected without great Tonnage and Charge to his Majesty, (z) do, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords in this your present Poundage. Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, to the Intent aforesaid, give and grant unto p43fnd ", e tl, e You our Supreme Liege Lord and Sovereign, one Sufidy called Tonnage, that is to say. Of every Tonne a Subsidy of of Wine of the Growth of France, or of any the Dominions of the French King, or Crown of France, Tonnage granr that shall come into the Port of London and the Members thereof, by way of Merchandise by your Na 'Jj? ^'n?q, tural born Subjects, (3) the Sum of four Pounds and ten Shillings of current English Money, and so' 31 ' after that Rate, and by Strangers and Aliens, six Pounds of like Money; (4) and of every Tonne of the like Wine which shall be brought into all and every the other Ports and Places of this Kingdom and the Dominions thereof, by way of Merchandise by your natural born Subjects, the Sum of three Pounds,

(5) and by Aliens four Pounds and ten Shillings; (6) and of every But or Pipe of Mufcadels, malm feys, Cuts, Tents, Allicants, Ballards, Sacks, Canaries, Malligoes, Maderaes and other Wines whatsoever, commonly called Sweet Wines, of the Growth of the Levant, Spain, Portugal or any of them, or of any the Islands or Dominions to them or any of them belonging, or elsewhere, that shall come or be brought into the Port of London by your natural born Subjects, the Sum of fortyfive Shillings of current English Money, and so after that Rate, and by Strangers and Aliens, three Pounds of like Money;

(7) and of every But and Pipe of the like Wine which shall come or be brought into all, every or any the other Ports and Places of this Kingdom and Dominions thereof, by way of Merchandise, by your natural born Subjects, the Sum of thirty Shillings, and by Strangers, fortyfive Shillings; (g) and of every Awm of Rhenish Wine or Wine of the Growth of Germany, that shall be brought into this your Realm and the Dominions thereof, by your natural born Subjects, the Sum of twenty Shillings of current English Money, and by Strangers and Aliens, twenty and five Shillings; (9) which several Rates 25car.2. C 6. are the same which are expressed in a certain Book of Rates herein after mentioned and referred unto; Yacu^., 6oy

(10) And also one other Subsidy called Poundage, that is to say, of all Manner of Goods and Mer Poundage dhandize of every Merchant, natural born Subject, Denizen and Alien, to be carried out of this Realm The Duties on or any your majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, or to be brought into the same by way of Mer Tonnag?, C chanuize, of the Value of every twenty Shillings of the same Goods and Merchandizes, according to the mbrgedand* several and particular Rates and Values of the same Goods and Merchandizes, as the same are particularly explained by and respectively rated and valued in the said Book of Rates herein after mentioned and referred unto, 2s, cape twelve pence and so after that Rate: (n) And of every twenty Shillings Value of any the Native Com J;, 5 '

modifies of this Realm or Manufactures wrought of any such Native Commodities, to be carried out 7 SOUTHWEST. 3. of this Realm, by every or any Merchant alien, according to the Value thereof in the said Book ex f ^9 pressed, twelve dence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid; except and foreprized out of this 24 & 34.' Grant of Subsidy of Poundage, all manner of Woollen Clothes, made or wrought or to be made or9 & 10 w. 3. wrought within this Realm of England, commonly called old Draperies; (13) and all Wines before LI C 23 & c mited to pay Subsidy of Tonnage; (14) and all manner of sin, English taken and brought by En" " i!.' glish Bottoms into this Realm, and all manner of fresh Fish and Beflial that shall come into this your 1 Ann. Sut. i. Realm; (15) and all other Goods and Merchandizes, which in the said Book of Rates are mentioned toc / 1[3-

be custom free.'jj^ann.'c.

A Ann. C 6. g Ann. C ig. & C 27. 6 Ann, C 19. & C 22. 7 Ann. C 7. ^.22. S Ann. C 7.9 Ann. C 6. 1 Geo. 1. Stat. t. C t. & Stat. 2. C 12. 3 Geo. i.

<*. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. & C 12. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15.9 Geo. u C 21. 10 Geo. 1. c. 10. 11 Gei>. 1. C 7. 12 Geo. 1. c. 4, Sc C 26. 1 Geo. 2. sra t, 1. C u & Stat. 2. C 17. 2 Geo. 2. c. 18. Sc C 28. 4 Geo. 2. c. 27.

II. And further. We your said Commons, by the Advice, Aflenfi and Authority aforesaid, do give n Woollen and grant unto You, our said liege Lord and Sovereign, for the Causes aforesaid, one other Subsidy, Aliens du that is to say, of and for every short Woollen Cloth to be exported by your natural born Subjects of ties, see 25 Car, this your Realm and the Dommions thereof, called Broad Cloth, not exceeding twenty-eight Yards in 2> 6>

Length, and thrcefcore and four Pounds in Weight, the Sum of three Shillings and fourpence of current English Money, and of every Cloth of greater Length and Weight, nroportionably, according to the same Rate; (2) and of every other Short Cloth of Old Drapery of Idler Length and Weight, accounting so many Pieces to a Short Cloth, as are limited and appointed thereunto by the said Book of Rates, to be likewise exported by your said natural born Subjects, the like Sum of three Shillings fourpence, and so after that Rate; (3) and by Strangers and Aliens six Shillings and eight pence for every strangers.

Short Cloth accounted as aforesaid; which several Rates are accordingly expressed in file said Book of thesu biidies Rates herein after mentioned and referred unto; (5) to have, hold, take, enjoy and perceive the Sub ranted to the fidies aforesaid, and every of them, and every Part and Parcel of them, unto your Majesty, from King during the four and twentieth Day of June inclusively, in the twelfth Year of your majesty's Reign, for and Life during your majesty 's Life, which God long preserve.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wines, Goods or other Mer The Penalty for chandize, whereof the Subsidies aforesaid are or shall be due, shall at any Time after be Shipped or aub.idyins L'S

U z' put

Merchants Strangers shall be well entreat ed.

A Proviso for such whose Goods be taken by Pirates, or perish on the ea.

The customsof any Goods shipped in Carracks or Galleys. Shipping of Het rings.

No Rites to be imposed onmer chandire without Authority of Parliament.

A Book of Rates agreed by the commonshouse of Parliament.

The Fees of Cullom Officers.

A Proviso for such as paid before July 24, £6c,

Goods which may be exported immediately after the Paifing this Act,

C 4. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

put into any Boat or Vessel, to the Intent to be carried into the Parts beyond the Seas, or else be brought from the Parts beyond the Seas into any Port, Place or Creek of this Realm or other your majesty's Dominions, by way of Merchandise, and unshipped to be laid on Land, the Subsidy, Customs and other Duties due or to be due for the same, not paid or lawfully tendred to the Collector thereof or his Deputy, with the Consent and Agreement of the Comptroller and Surveyor there or one of them^at the least, nor agreed with for the same in the Customhouse according to the true Meaning of this Act, that then, from the said four and twentieth Day of June, all the same Wines, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, shall be forfeit to your Majesty; one Moiety of the Rate thereof to your Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that will seise the same or sue for the same; and that it may please your Majesty, That all Merchants, as well Denizens as Strangers, coming into this your Realm, be well and honestly entreated and demeaned, for such Things as Subsidy by this act is granted, as they were in the Time of your Noble Progenitors and Predecessors, without Oppression to them to be done, paying the Subsidies aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods or Merchandise as aforesaid, of any Merchant being born Denizen, after the said four and twentieth Day of June, hath been or at any Time hereafter during your majesty's Life shall be taken by any Enemies or Pirates upon the Sea, or perished, in any Ship or Ships that mall happen to be taken or perished during your majesty's Life, whereof the Subsidies and other Duties aforesaid are or shall be duly paid or agreed for as aforesaid, and that duly proved before the Treasurer of England, of the Treasury or Chief Baron of the Exchequer for the Time being, by the Examination of the same Merchants if they be alive, or of their Executors or Administrators if they be dead, or by two credible Witnesses at the least sworn, or other reasonable Witnesses and Proof sworn, then the same Merchant or Merchants, his or their Executors or Administrators, shall or may newly ship in the same Port where the Goods and Merchandise aforesaid were or shall be Customed, so much other Merchandise or Goods as the same Goods or Merchandise are or shall be lost as aforesaid shall amount unto in Custom, without paying, of anything for the same; (2) so as the same Proof be recorded and allowed of in the Court of Exchequer, and certified unto the Collectors of the Customs of the Port where the same Wares or Merchandizes are to be newly Shipped without Custom as aforesaid: (3) And further. That every Merchant denizen who filial] hereafter Ship any Goods or Merchandise in any Carrack or Galley, shall pay to your Majesty all manner of Customs and all the Subsidies aforesaid, as any Alien born out of the Realm.

V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to all and every your subjects at his and their Will and Pleasure, to convey and transport out of this Realm, in Ships and other Vessels of any the Subjects of this Realm, all and every kind of Herrings and other sea fifn, to be taken on the Sea by any the subjects aforesaid, from or out of any Port or Harbour of this Realm, to any Place out of your majesty's Dominions, without paying any Custom, Subsidy or Poundage moneys for the same Herrings or other Fish so carried or transported, during your majesty's Life; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And because no Rates can be imposed upon Merchandise imported or exported by subjects or Aliens, but by common Consent in Parliament; '(2) Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates intended by this present act shall be the Rates mentioned and expressed in one Book of Rates, intituled, The Rates of Merchandise, that is to say, the Subsidy of Tonnage, the Subsidy of Poundage, and the Subsidy of Woollen Clothes or Old Draperies, as they are rated and agreed on by the Commons House of Parliament, set down and expressed in this Book, to be paid according to the Tenor of the act of Tonnage and Poundage, from the twenty-fourth Day of June inclusively, in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, during his Majesty's Life, and subscribed with the Hand of Sir har bottle grim/ion, bar<met, Speaker of the House of Commons; (3) which said Book of Rates composed and agreed on by your majesty's said Commons, and also every Article, Rule and Clause therein contained, shall be and remain during your majesty's Life, as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were included particularly in the Body of this present act.

VII. And it is further enacted, That during the Continuance of this present Grant where the Goods exported or imported amount to the Value of five Pounds or more, the Customers and Collectors, and all other his Majesty's Officers in the several Ports, shall take and receive such Fees and no other, as were taken in the fourth Year of the late King James, until such Time as the said Fees shall be otherwise settled by Authority of Parliament.

VIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons, who after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty, and before the four and twentieth of July in the same Year, have paid, received or collected any Duties or Customs, according to the Rates used in April one thousand six hundred and sixty, shall be molelled or any way impeached for or concerning the Payment or Receipt of the said Duties or any other Duties by this act imposed.

IX. And it is hereby further declared, That no Person who hath shipped any Goods since the said four and twentieth of June, and before the said four and twentieth of July, shall be liable to the Payment of any Duties therefore, other than such as were used to be paid in the said Month of April one thousand six hundred and sixty.

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, immediately from and after the raffing of this act, to transport, ship and carry out of this Kingdom, or out of any Port thereof, byway of Merchandise, any of these Commodities, Goods and Merchandizes following; that is to say, Iron, Armour, Bandeleers, bridle bits, halbert heads and Sharps, Holfters, Muskets, Carbines, fowling pieces, Pistols, pike heads, Sword or rapier blades, Saddles, Snaffles, Styrrops, Calve skins dressed or undressed. Geldings, Oxen, sheep skins dressed without

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 4. 149

out the Wool, and all Sorts of Manufactures made of Leather, paying the respective Rates appointed by this Act and no other; any Law, Statutes, Prohibitions and Customs to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; it (Trail and may be lawful, immediately Goods which after the Passing of this Act, for any Person or Persons to ship, carry out and transport by way of Mer j"*y beexpmted cliandize, tliefc several Sorts of Goods following, that is to say, (2) Gunpowder, when the same doth.pri"fs?tcertam not exceed the Price of five Pounds the Barrel: (3) And Wheat, Rye, Peas, Beans, Barley, Malt and By 34 w. & Oats, Beef, Pork, Bacon, Butter, Cheese, Candles, when the same do not exceed in Price at the Ports and 11

from whence they are laden, and at the Time of their Lading, these Prices following; that is to say, (4) <-.. zo. reb^.the Wheat the Quarter, forty Shillings; Rye, Beans and Peas the Quarter, twenty tour Shillings; Bar exportation of lay and Malt the Quarter, twenty Shillings; Oats the Quarter, sixteen Shillings; (5) Bees the ?efe Barrel, five Pounds; Pork, the Barrel, six Pounds ten shillings; bacon the Pound, sixpence; (6) &°sarnade^aln, Butter the Barrel, four Pounds ten Shillings; Cheese the Hundred, one Pound ten Shillings; (7) can duty.fiee. dies the dozen Pound, five Shillings, paying the respective Rates appointed by this Act, and no more; anyexteortation0of former Law, Statute, Prohibition or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. beepf7&c!°by°

12 Car. 2. C 13. fest. 4. 1 W. & M. Star. ic,

XII. Provided always, that it shall be free and lawful for his Majesty, at any Time when he shall see Proclamation, causefotodo, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, by Proclamation to prohibit the transporting may prohibit of gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition into any Parts out of this Kingdom; anything in Gun ppowdir° this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding, 1 Arms and Ammunition

out of England.

16 Car. 1. C 21. An additional Subsidy upon Wines, over and above the fore mentioned Rates.

Security to be given by the Importer.

The said Subsidy to be repaid upon Export non, These twelve Monthsenlarged' 1. C 21. fest. 10,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the Rates herein before mentioned, there shall be paid unto your majesty of every Tonne of Wine of the Growth of France,

Germany, Portugal or Madera, brought unto the Port of London, or elsewhere, the Sum of three Pounds of current.english Money, within the Space of nine Months after the Importing; (2) and of every Tonne of all other Wines brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of four Pounds of like current Money, within the Space of nine Months after the Importing thereof; (3) For the Payment of which Duties accordingly, the Importer shall give good Security: (4) And if any of the said Wines, for which the additional Duty in this Clause mentioned is paid or lectured at the Importation, be exported within twelve Months after their Importation, then the aforesaid addititional Duty in this Clause mentioned shall be returned, or the Security discharged, as to so much as shall be so exported; (5) and if at the Importation the Importer shall pay for the same Ready Money, he shall be allowed after the Rate of Ten percent, for a Year.

to three Years, by 7 Geo. 1. Stat.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day otjuly, all man All Wines turner of Wines whatsoever to be impotted into the Port of London, or elsewhere, shall be freed and discharged f1jfrged of £x' of and from the Imposition of Excise.

XV. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Prizage of Wines, or Prize Wines; prizagewines ought not to pay Tonnage nor Custom, and shall not be charged with the Payment of any Custom, Sub custom 01 Subsidy or Sum of Money imposed upon Wines by this Act, or anything therein contained. 13 Car, 2. fidy,

Stat. 1. C 7.

The RATES of MERCHANDISE, that is to say, The Subsidy of Tonnage, the Subsidy of Poundage, and the Subsidy of Woollen Clothes or Old drapery, as they are Rated and Agreed on by the Commons House of Parliament. Set down and expressed in this Book, to be paid according to the Tenor of the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, from the 24th Day of June inclusively, in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, during his Majesty's Life, and Subscribed with the Hand of Sir Harebotle Grimjton Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons.

Rates Inward s;

ADZES for Coopers, the dozen — — xij.s.

Aggets small as a Beane, the dozen xiij. s. iiij. d,

Aggets large, the piece. — -- vj. d.

Alphabets the set, containing twenty-four -- V s.

Alfum the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound ij, 1.

Alpish, or canary seed, the hundred weight, 7

containing 112 pound -- 3 uj. i. XV s,

C the pound - iij. s. viij. d.

Amber < the mast, cont. two pound and an half viij. s. iiij. d.

t Beades the pound — - X s.

Anchoves, the little barrel -- - vij.s.vj. d.

- I _ or Creepers of Lattin, the pound — j. s. and.rons^of jro[ytht pa; re -- Jx. s.

Andlets, or Males, the pound — -- iij. s.

Anvills, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound XV s.

Aneile of Barbary, the pound — — j. s. vj. d,

Annotto, the pound - the bushel

VJ

uy. d,

J the barrel, containing three bushels -- j. s.

C vocat. Pippins, orrinnets the barrel, con 7

(_ taining three bushels — — J "J' S

II. Geo. 1. C f, 8 Geo. 1. c. 15.

8. Geo. 1. cs.

aqua vitae^'ead L '

white and red, or powder, the hundred?.

weight, containing u2 pound — f uh s '"J' "

Armour old, the hundred weight, containing 7.,

j12 pound yj 1

Arrowesfor trunks the groce, cont. twelve dozen vj. s. viij. d. f pot athes the barrel!, containing?.,

am — ______ J two hundredweight - f J

nes voc. S Wood or soap ashes the last, con 7.,

C taining 12 Barrels — 3 w

aule blades, the thousand- -- iiij. d.

Aulgers for Carpenters, the groce j. 1.

Axes or hatchets, the dozen — —. vj. s, viij. d.

8 Geo. t. C

10 & 11w. 3, 'C 21.

B

150 C 4.

j Ann. C 8.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

B

Babies, or Puppets for children, the groce, 7

containing 12 dozen, - i

Babies heads, of earth, the dozen -

All other toyes for children, to pay sixteen 7

Spence in twenty Shillings value -- 5

C f of Ireland, the Flitch ——

8$ a 1

t

xvij. s. X d. xiij. s. iiij. d.

V s.

of Westphalia and Hamborough, or the 7 like, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound £ J" " v1, J

S f great the hundred, containing 120 xij. 1.

} middle, the hundred, containing 120 t small the hundred, containing 120

Bares F with l°cks> the dozen — -- ij. L viij.s,

"56 7 with steele rings without locks, the dozen j '

Gold Ealtances the groce, containing 12 dozen pair ——

Ounce Eallances the groce, containing 12 dozeg pair -

the fort containing dozen -

Balls J Tennis balls, the thousand -

walling balls thegroce, cont. izdozenij. 1.

Chandeliers the 100, containing five score - s. viij. d.

band strings, the dozen knots' — r -. -- X s.

Bands, vocat. Flanders bands of bone4lace the band X 1.

Bands cutwork, of Flanders, or any other country XX 1 Bankers of Verdure, the dozen pieces -- IV 1.

x.j V 1.

ij.l.

1, (xij, "s.

V 1. vj. s. viij. d.

ij. 1. xiij. s. iiij d. iij. 1. xj. s. ij. d.

9*

's. IV dl

Barbers aprons, or checks, the piece, not above?

ten yards - y xnj'

Barlings the hundred, containing 120. -- -, j. 1. xiij. s. iiij.

Barley, vide Com

Barillia, or Saphora to make glass, the barrel, 7. containing two hundred weight — 5 ' '

basket rods, the bundle - vj. s. viij. d.

Baskets, vocat. hand baskets, or sports the dozen iij. s. IV d.

Basons of Lattin, the pound -- j. s. IV d.

si J or straw hats knotted, the dozen — — vj. s. viij. d.

(3 7, or straw hats plain, the dozen. j. s. vj. d.

r the rope -- - vj. d.

the bundle, containing jo ropes -- vs.

Baste

ropes 7 t)lc hundred weight, cont. 112 pound Battery, Bafhrons, or Kettles, the hundred 7 weight, cont. 112 pound — 5

Bays of florence, per yard^f of Amber the pound 53 } of Bone, the great groce, containing 12 small groce

- of Box the great grope -

I of Coral the pound -

) of Christal the thousand -

Glass and Wood all sorts the groce

VII. s.

IX. 1.

jl. V s. X s.

I j. 1. X s.

- j, 1. X —

IIJ. 1.

5reat?x. s.

ij L

- j. V s.

Ijs.

IV. d.

itof Jasper square the hundred' (tones Beaupers the piece, cont. 24 or 25 yards R ( £ of Ireland or Scotland the barrel jseere 7; .; - po: kos Ireland or Scotland per t01 "Hawks bells, french making, the dozen j

pair ——

Hawks bells, Norenabourgh making, the ]

g, dozen pair, - j]

] bells the small groce, cont, 12 dozenx. s.

Dog bells the small groce, cont. 12 dozen j. s, IV d. Morrice bells the.small groce, cont. 12 dozenv. s.

Clapper Bells the pound — j. s.

bell metal the hundred weight, cont. -112 pound j. 1. xiij. s,

Bellowes the pair -- iij. s. IV d.

Bitts for Bridles the dozen — — jl.

Blacking or lamprblack the hundred weight, 7.jv j

containing 112 pound — 1 -- C

R. r Paris mantles coloured, the mantlej. 1. VI s. viij. d., ets 7 paris mantles, or others uncolour 7:

vocat I ed, the mantle. -- J '* -

boards the hundred, cont. 120 — V s.

Clapboards the.hundred, cont. 120 boards' XV s.

Paltboards for bookes the thousand s. IV d. Pipe boards or pipe holt the hundred, con 7 -

taining 120 boards -- 5J' '

lwhite boards for Shoemakers the board — j.s.

Bodkins the small groce, containing 12 dozen vj. s. viij. d. Bomefpars the hundred, containing 120 — j. 1. xiij. s. IV d.

r narrow the single piece not above 7 V j

15 yards -

Bombalines 1 broad^he single piepe not above j.

L of Silk vide Silke -

r the ba(ketz>r maund, con, 7v; ij, j

Bookes unbound < taining 8 bales or 2 fats y. 4

( the fat cont. half a maund — IV 1.

Bodes for Bridles the small groce, cont. 12 dozen j. 1.

Botanoes per piece -- X s.

_ Cof Earth or Stone the dozen -- vs.

"oc e of dalle covered with Wicker the dozen j. 1.

[of Class with vices covered with leather 7 1 V, '

the dozen - -£, V

of Glass uncovered the dozen -- IV s. vj. d.

of Wood, vocat. sucking bottles the Groce 7 X s

containing 12 dozen - 5

Boultel $ r a'ns the piece -- - viij. s.

7. the bale containing twenty pieces — viij. 1. Bows, vocat. stone bows of steel, the piece X s. bow staves the hundred, cont. six score staves _ fire", or tinder boxes the gfoce, contdin

Sj ing twelve dozen boxes -

oinest boxes the groce, containing twelve

w t dozen nests ——

groce, containing 12 dozen boxes —

spice boxes the dozen

Round boxes, or French boxes for Mar 7 j

melade or Geliy, the dozen -- 5. "

sand boxes the groce, cont. 12 dozen -- j. 1.

soap boxes the Shock, containing three 7;: j

- score boxes -- -5 4

touch boxes covered with leather, the dozen nj. s touch boxes covered with velvet, the dozen XV -of iron or other mettal, 7j. 1.

guilt, the dozen -- y" /"

boxes the groce, cont. 12 dozenj. 1. X ST

of Glass the (mail groce, contain 7

Bracelets orj ing 12 bundles or dickers — 5 s.

s.

ing 12 bundles or dickers neck laces J Red the small groce, contain 7; V C ing 12 bundles or dickers 5

o f Laver Cocks the pound. -- -; — j. s. IV d.

) Pile weights the pound j. s.

b;,) Trumpets the dozen -- xij. s.

[F (. Lampes the dozen -- X s.

Bridles the dozen -- j. 1.'L

Brouches of Lattin or Copper, the groce con 7 X

taining 12 dozen -- 5 /' "

fbeard brushes the.groce, cont. 12 dozen —. vj. s. viij. d,

of Heath course the dozen -- iij. s.

of Heath fine, or head brushes, the dozen VJ s. viij. d. of Haire called head brushes, the dozen — yj. s. viij, d, of Heath vocat. rubbing brushes, the dozen j. s.

- ofhaire vocat, combrulhes, the.grocecon? xjjt s; V j.

taining 12 dozen -- -5'4

of haire vocat. weavers brushes, the dozen y. s.

of haire vocat. rubbing brushes the dozen — j _ s., IV d. Brimstone the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound vj., s. vaj. d.

R ns rough or undrell the dozen pound — V s.

rl 7 dressed the dozen pound - X s.

f of Germanic, or fine per piece — r xs

Buck) of the East country the roule or half piece y. s. rams ] of french making the dozen pieces (a) ij L X s.

{. vocat. Carricke Buckrams tile Short piece ijs. rfor Girdles the small groce, cont. 7 j, j.

Buckles < 12 dozen -- - 5 .."

t for Girthes the groce, cont. 12 dozen vij. s. vj. d.

Buffins, mo f naitow the Angle piece, not 7. iij, j.

caffo'es, and V above fifteen yards -- - y

Lile Gro j broad the single piece, not above /

grammes fifteen yards S "'

Bugalines or Calico Buckrams, the half piece — V s.

f great the pound -- iy. s.

Bugler small or seed Bugle the pound -- yj. s. viij.d,

(_ Lace the pound - viij.s.

Bullions for purses the groce, containing 12 dozen X s.

Bull Rushes the loade — j. L

Burrs for Millstones the hundred, containing 7 ji ]. X s

fiye score ——

buskins of.leather the dozen pair — — jy

Buftians die single piece, not above fifteen' yards ij. L

f the barrel -- - j. I

Butter 7 of Ireland the hundred weight, con 7 X s.

1 £ taining 112 pounds -

"of Brass, Steel, Copper or Lattin the great 1.

groqe, containing twelve small groce, > !} L xuj. s. tv. d.

every groce tz dozen -- j

of Chryltal the dozen - — vnj, s.

of Glade the great twelve small groce

groce; containing

o, of tlired the great groce, containing twelve

small groce -- " —

of silk the great groce, containing.twelve

small groce ——

of fine daraalkework the dozen -

the dozen -

for Handkerchers the groce, cont. 12 dozen V Haire the groce, cont. 12 dozen -- ivs

r iv.t, £ or Countores small the piece uadinets, 7 Qr colintores large the piece

containing 112' ——

(a) 7 & 8 W. 3. C 20.

- ij.l.

- IV 1.

Cables tarred or untarred the hundred weight, ^j.

Caddas

A.D. 166oi, Anno duodecimo Caroli II

Daddas or Cruell Ribbon the dozen pieces, 7

every piece containing 36 yards — — 5 1

Calve tkms in the haire the piece X d.

Cabogium, vide druggs

Camcletto half silk, half haire, the yard — xs.

Candles of Tallow the pound* — — iij. d.

Candle plates, or Wallers of Brass or Lattin the j s -

_, ., C of Brass or Lattin the Pound — j.s. iv.d.

Candlesticks 10f w1 re te dozgn - vj. s, vjij d,

Candleweeke the hundred weight, cont. iiz? y j X und - t

ij.l. XS. IV s.

c.illicoes fine or coarse the piece Canes or Reeds the thousand

panes of Wood £ g com. 60 cane. j. 1.

Cant spars the hundred, cont. fixfcore -- J 1. xiij.'s. ivd.

Capers, the pound " vj. d.

Cajaravens the hundred, cont. six score- -- xiij. s. IV d.

cap hookes, or hook ends the gtoce, cont. jz doz. XV s.

("double turfed, or Cockared Caps the dozenij.l. viij. s.

g for children the dozen -- JL

Nightcaps of Satin and Velvet the dozen. iij. I.

Nightcaps of Silk knit the dozen — — IV 1.

Nightcaps of woollen the dozen -- j )-

of Linen the dozen v*ij. sr

Playing Cards the groce, containing 7 V 1

Cards) 12 dozen pair -- j

meat, j Wool Cards old the dozen pair — VJ. s

Wool cards new the dozen pair — X s, of Tonney the piece, containing two yards 7 j. ]. X s.

and a half long --

of Scotland the piece (i)'-- -- x11j.5* 1v

of Cprnix the Carpet two yards and a half J j. ], y. s, long

Brunswicke Carpets stripped and unstript the J

piece

xs.

China of Cotton course the piece Gentish the dozen

nj.i.

j. 1. X s.

Turkey or venice^long, containing four^vjij, .).

Turkey or Venice' ilaort the piece

yards and upwards (of Persia the yard square the yard 'arrclls the piece, containing 15 yards

Cases for looking glasses gilt

'Cases for looking glades ungilt

u

- ij. L V s.

- j. 1. VI s. viij. d.

of No. 3" and the dozen IV s. of No and 6 the dozen vij. s, of No. 7 and 8 the dozen X s.

L of No.9 and 10 and up 7 j. ]. XI j. s.; V d. wards the dozen — j. of No. 3 and the dozen ijs.

of No. 5 and 6 the dozen iij. s. vj.

of No. 7 and 8 the dozen V s.

of No.9 and 10 the dozen XVI s. VIII d.

Combs garnished the dozen j. 1.

Combs garnithed the: _ 6> yjij, d.

"with wooden with small Ivorie dozen — with middle sort Ivorie Combes garnished 1 the dozen J

with large Ivorie Combs garnished the \ dozen

ij. I.' IV I.

for Combs single the groce, cont. 12 dozen j.]. for Combes double the groce, cont. 12 dozen ij. 1, for spectacles gilt the groce, containing 12 7

dozen jj i X

5. VIIJ,

IV. d. IV d.

d.

for spectacles ungilt the groce, cont. iz dozen xiij. s. for Needles or pin cases the groce, contain 7

ing 12 dozen -- - 5

for Needles French guilt the dozen -- vs.

Cattle Imported from Ireland into England, 7:

great( ( after the rate of -- y'*

' " of Iron small, the dozen -- j. 1. xs.

of Iron middle sort, the dozen -- ij. 1. viij. s,

of Iron large, the dozen -- iij. 1.

of Steel, the dozen -- vj. 1.

Caviare the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j. 1.

L C of Linen for women, the dozen -- viij. s.

t auis of the dozen -- j, 1. vj. s. viij. d,

Cefterns of Lattin, the pound - j. s. IV d.

S of Brals or Lattin, the pound j. s. IV d. chaffing dishes j of iron, the dozen --

IV. d.

Chains 5ior Keys or Purses, fine, the dozen viij. s

I for Dogs course, the dozen -- iij. s.

Chairs ot walnut tree, the piece xs.

f unwatered or Mohairs, the yard — iij. s.

Chamlets I watered, the yard -- V s.

(half silk half flair, the yard -- X s.

Cheese the hundred weight, cont. iiz pound — vj. s.

Cherries the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound — j. 1.

chets boards, the dozen -- - j. 1.

chess men the groce, cont. 12 dozen -- xij. s.

ac r of Iron small or middle sort the piece -- V 1.

o } of 1 ron large the piece -- vj.). xiij. s. IV d.

5 (.of Cyprus wood the nest, cont. three cherts viij. L (1>) j Ann. C 3.

IV. d.

viij. d.

f of Spruce or Panlke the nest, containing j j X

ish

-7 vj. s. viij. d.

j xj'j s. iiij. d.

"5 < three chtfts -

g ( painted the dozen -

China Peas the Bound -

Chizels for Joyners, the dozen -

Citterns, the dozen

the fm

score hoards, the Ring, cont. two small hundredj. 1. X s. the great hundred, cont. twenty 7 Vuiii 1

four small hundred -- - <.

xiij. s. iiij d. ij.l.

iij. s. iiij. d iiij. s. iij. 1.

f the small hundred, containing six^s

L four small hundred

Claricords the pair -

Cloakes of Felt the piece -

All manner, of Woollen Clothes imported per yardviij. 1. X s, voe. Syivefter, or Campeachea7 j, s VIII d. chocneneale the pound —

Cocheneale of all sorts of Cocneneale except j

Syivefter and Cariipechea co J vj. s. viij. d.

cneneale, the jaound -- J

Coals of Scotland the Tonne jj s. viij. d.

j rcovered with gilt leather, the dozen -- ij

if \ covered with Velvet, the dozen — 1 — IV 1.

fctz < with Iron barrs the nest, cont. three coffersj'.!;. xij. s.

Q J plain the nest, containing three coffers — xmj. s. iv.d.

(.painted the nest - three coffers 'Comalhes out of Turkey, the piece Ffor wool the pair, old or new of bone the pound

xvj.'s. IV 1. VS.

__: 1v, S

of box the groce, com. iz dozen — — X s.

voc. lightwood combes the groce, containing iz dozen

vj. s. viij. d.

y of home for Barbers, the dozen of Ivorie, the pound —

Ivocat. Horsecombs, the dozen

Comfets the pound -

f of Iron for Carpenters, the dozen ijs.

Compafies ] of brafie, the dozen — -- IV s.

vij. s.

'J - s. — X a. — IV s. ijs.

( far Ships, the dozen

vj. d.

[unwrought bricks or plates round or square' '

hundred weight cont. 112 pound, J xs.

6r rose Copper -- J

Chaines, the Chaine -- - ijs.

purses or plate the mark' vj. s. viij. d.

Copperas green the hundred weight, contain's ing a 12 pound

Cordage or Ropes tarred or untarred the hun 7

dred weight, containing ir pound -- y J' '

farks 5 bf Itofl the thousand- -- viij. d.

Cork tacks of Stee) the thousalld -- j. j. xsj. s. IV

o f for Shoemakers, the dozen pieces - IV s.

J of all other sorts the hundred weight, conj

y ( taining 112 pound 1

- rwheat imported not exceeding the price of five shillings sixpence j the Bushell at the place of im

h

portation by the bushel When it fil all exceed that

rate

_. the quarter ——

Imported riot exceeding the price of] lour shillings sixpence the bushel I at th place of importation by the bushel.

viij, d, -

I vj. s. viij. d.

IV. d.

when it shall exceed that rate by the ( V s, quarter -- - 5

Imported not exceeding the price of three shillings sixpence the bushellj, at the place of importation iij. s. iiij. d. by the bushel

'hen it shall exceed that rate, by the quarter V s.

Coverlets of Scotland, the piece XV s.

Counters of Latin, the pound j.s.

r Laths the pound viij. d.

Crosbow < Threed, the pound viij. d,

t Racks the piece - xs.

f of Stone without covers, the hundred 7

Crufes 1 containing five score ——

( of fione with covers, the hun; cont. 5 fcorej. 1. vj. $. viij. C Cufhians of Scotland, the dozen -- X s.

Gufhen rldths f course the dozen — -- 'j X s.

Lumen clothes £ oftapeftry, the dozen — iiij. J. X s.

Cuttle bones, the thousand j. 1. vj. s. viij.

D.

Cages with fire locks, or Snaphances, the piece]. 1.

blades, the dozen j. 1. vj. s. viij. C

the dozen iiij, s.

children, the dozen ijs.

velvet Iheaths, the dozen iij. 1,

velvet Iheaths, the dozen — iiij. L

1511

8 Geo. 3. c. 15. 5 Ann. C 8.

12 Ann. C ai

22 Car. 2. C 13,

S Ann. C S. 5 Ann. C S,

Deales

152

i Geo. i. C 15.

C. 4.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

o r meabro deals, the hundred, chrit.'fixfcoreiiij. 1. ° I norway deals, the hundred, cont. six fcorev. 1. burgendorp deals, the hundred, containing.

3] fix (core >- jxy. J.

six '(core XV 1.

iiij. s.

q L spruce deals, the hundred, cont.'or ftayes for books, the doaen

for women to work on, covered with wol 7 len, the piece - y

Dials

V s.

for women, cpvered with Velvet; the piece X s.

7 of wood, the dozen — i — — iij.s.

of bone the dozen — xij. s.

Dimity, 'the yard. - iij; s.,

Dogs of earth, the' groce, cont. twelve dozen jiij.l.

"with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards j. I. X s, X with silk the piece, cont. fifteen yards — ij. 1.

g with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards — j. 1. V s. with thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards — j. 1.

french making, the ell -- — ijs. vj. d,

t_french making, the yard ——

Dugeon, the hundred pieces, containing five fcorej. f. Durance or S with thred, the yard Duretty £ with silk, the yard

Dutties, the piece -

"Acacia, the pound —

Acorus, the pound -

Adiantum Album, the pound Adiantum Nigrum, the pound Agaricus or Agarick, trim'd, or pared, the 7: j

pound -- 5j' '

Agaricus rough or untrim'd, the pound y. s.

Agnus Caftus seeds, the pound - j s.

Alkanet roots, the pound j._s.'

f Syrrup, the pound -- yj.s. viij

e 7 Confeflio, the ounce -- iiij. s.

Aloes cicotrina, the pound — — V s.

Aloes epatica, the pound

Alum Ronish or Roch, the hundred, containing 112 pound

ijs,

j.l.

Ambergreece black or grey, the ounce!

Troy j

Ameos feed, the pound -

Amomi seeds, the pound -

Anacardium, the pound -

Angelica, the pound

iij.l.

viij. d. viij. d. iij. s. iiij. d., j. s.

Antimonium crudum, the hundred weight, 7: p

containing 1: 2 pound f

Antimonium preparatum or Stibium, the 7 vjy>

pound -- - y

Argentum Sublime or limum, the pound, ? s

or Quicksilver- -- '.

longa and rotunda, the poundj> Sluj. d. Arsnick white or yellow, orrofalger, the 7 iiij, d.

pound 5 -

Afarum roots, the pound — — j s'

Afoalathus the pound — } s' 3

Afla fcetida, the pound - ..j. s. ij

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. 7 ij; 1.

112 pound - J.

Alumen plume, the pound Balauftium, the pound —

Balfamum artificial, the pound Balfamum natural, the pound Bayberries, the 112 pound Barley huld or French Barley,

pound (a) -

Bdellium, the pound

d. d.

j. s. ijs. vj. d.

iij.s. iiij. d.

X s.

xiij. s. iiij. d.

the 1127 j. 1,

- >}s vj.d. -- IJS.

Eenalbum or Rubrum, the pound Benjamin of all sorts, the pound — — V s.

bea2er Rone of the eawndia, the ounce 7

Troy -- fuj*l

bea2er stone of the West-india, the ounce 7 Troy 4 V C

the 7 ".

r:

j. 1. X s.

ijs.

Black leade, the 112 pound —

Blatta ei/rntir, the pound Bolus communis, or Armoniacus, hundred weight, cont. 112 pound Bolus verus, the pound, or fine Bole — viij Borax in pa lie or unrefined, commonly 7

called Tmckull, the pound -- y nj

Borax refined, the pound. -- xiij. s

Bunkins, Holliworties or piftolacliia, the 7, -

pound - J

viij. d. d.

IV. d. iiij. d. d.

Callamus, the pound — Camphire refined, the pound Camphire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculus, the pound Cantarides the pound — Caraway seeds, the 112 pound Cardamomes, the pound 'carpo balfami, the pound -

Carrabe, or Succinum, the pound Carthamus seeds, the pound (a) 7 Sc W, j. C

viij. d.

vs.

ijs. vj. d. ivs.

vs.

j 1. IV s.

iij. s.

ivs.

i.

d.

Cassia fistula, the pound, of all sorts — i. s. vj. d.

Cassia lignea, the pound j. s. viij. d.

Caftoreum, orbevercods the pound, — — X s.

Cerufia, the 112 pound, — j. 1. X s.

China roofs, the pound — — vj. s. viij. d.

Ciceres white and red, the pound vj. d.

Ciperus longus & rotundus, the 112 pound jl. xiij. s. IV dv Ciperus Nuts, the pound viij, d.

- 8 L

- s

ijs.

Civet, the ounce Troy -

coculustridfe the pound Coloquintida, the pound

Coral, red or white in fragments, for phy 7;

fical use pound. — $ "j1 s', V

Coral whole, the pound j.i.

Coriander seeds, the one hundred and 7

twelve pound -- y' ' '

guaci, the 112 pound — -- iij. L

Cortex Caperum, the pound j. s.

Cortex Tamerifci, die pound — vivid.

Cortex Mandragorae, the pound — ijs.

Cofcus dulcis and amarus, the pound — j. s. viij. d.

Cubebs, the pound -- j. s. IV d.

Cumminfeed, 'the 112 pound — — j. I. xiij. s. iy. d

Cufcuta, the pound -- - j. s

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound Citrago, thepouna Cetrach, the pound

Cinabrum, or Vermilion, the pound -- ijs. vj. d.

f white the 112 pound -- ij. 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danfke or Hungary, 7

t the 112 pound -- J y

Camhogium or Gufta Gamba?, the pound iij. s. IV d. Crystal in broken pieces for.physick uses, 7 -

per pound. -- — y Sl, V "

Carlina, the pound — — j. s.

Carolina, the pound -- - IV d.

Cortex winteranus, the pound -- viij. d.

Daucus Creticus, the pound IV s.

Diagredium or Scamony, the pound -- j. 1.

Diptamus the pound j. s.

'7 roots, the pound j. s. yd.

Doronicum, the pound — -- ijs. vj. d,

Eleborus albus and niger, the pound -- viij. d,

Epithemum, the pound j. s.

Acisuftum, the pound — — j. s. IV

Euphorbium, the pound — — viij. d.

Fennel seeds, the pound vj. d.

Fenugreek, the 112 pound XV s.

Flory, the pound ijs.

Folium India, the pound y. s.

Fox lungs, the pound rij. s.

Frankincense of France or Parrofin, the 7

112 pound -

Galbanum, the pound Galanga, the pound Generali, the pound Gentiana, the pound —

Ginny pepper, the pound Grana Pina, the pound Green ginger, the pound Gum Animi, the pound Gum Armoniack, the pound Gum Caranna, the pound Gum Tragaganr, the pound Gum Elemni, the pound gumhedera, the pound Gum Lack, the pound (a)

Gum Opopanax, the pound Gum Sarcocol, the pound

Gum Serapinum the pound, or Sagapenumj. s. vj. d.

Gum Taccamahacca, the pound -- ivs.

Grana Tindforum ijs. vj. d.

Grains of Guiney or French Grains, the 7;

112 pound - '

j. 1. X s.

( j. I. vuj. s.

Gum Arabeck, or Gum Seneca, the hun] ]

and twelve pound j

Gum Sandrake, or Gum Tuniperi, the j hundred and twelve pound

Gum Guiaci, the pound — IV s.

Gum Caramen, the pound vj. d.

Hermodadlilus, the pound ijs.

Hypociftis, the pound -- - ijs.

Horns of Harts or Stags, the hundred — jl. X U

Incenseor Olibanum, the 112 pound — VI

Ireos, the 112 pound -- — ij. 1. X s,

Ifonglass, the 112 pound ("a j — y. 1.

Jujubes, tile pound — j. s.

Jolop, the pound - IV s.

Juniper berries, the 112 pound Labdanum or Lapadonum, the pound Lapis Callaminans, the 112 pound Lapis Hematitis, the pound (u 8 Geo. ici.

Lapis

Druggs vocat.

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II

>C. 4.! 153

tapis Judaicus, the pourtd'- — ?j. s.

Lapis Lazuli, the pound'h ' - v'. s.

Lapis Tutije, 'the pound rfrjjs.

1 5 Roles, the pound "j. 's.

L aves of Violet "or Flowers, tjii potmidvlij. dj Lyntifcus ortcylbbalfamum, the potihd

It h

njtidvii). d.

j.*.

'1

Lignum Aloes, the pound a — — s.

tignum Asphaltum, the pound it-r3 3-

Lignum Rhodium, the 112 pound — X s;

Lignum vital, 'the 112 pound — — X s.

litharge.of gold, the 112 pound — -- xij. s.

Litharge of silver, the 112 pound, — xs. '

locur, the pound - Lj, Si,

Lupines, the 112 pound -- --'X s. "

Lentills, the pound' - iij. d.

Lapis contrayerva, the ounce' — " — V s.' Lignum Nephreticum, the potmd — — LV s.!.

Madder Roots, or Rubea Tinflorum, the?. pound (a) — — 5^. S'

Manna, the pound -

Marmeiade, the pound —

Mastick white, "the pound marick red, the pound —

Mechoacan, the pound —

Mercury fublimat. the pound Mercury priecipitat. the pound Methridate Venetia pound Millium solis, the pound —

Mirabolanes dry, the pound Mirabolanes, condited the pound Mirtle berries, the pound —

Mummia, the pound —

Muike, the ounce Troy —

Mutke Cods, the dozen —

Myrrha, the pound -

Nygeila, the pound -

Nytrum, the pound -

Nutmegs condited, the p6und nuxdebenne, the pbund '

Nux Cuprefli, the pound '

Nux Indica, the piece —

Nux Vomica, the pound -

Nardus Celtica, 'or Spica Romana:

112 pound a- ——

or Gr'aiia Pini, the pound j Olibanum or Incenfc, the 112 pound

Opium, the pound -

Olipium Huirredum, the pound Orcant or Almiet, the pound

Otingc Flower

Origanum, the pound -

oita de Cord cervi, the pound Oyle of Amber, the pound Oyle ofrofemary, the pound Oyle de Ray, the 112 pound Oyle of Mace or Nutmegs, the pound Oyle de Ben, the pound —

Oyle of Spike, the pound -

Oyle of Almonds, the pound Oyle de Scorpions, the pound Oleum Petrolium, the pound Oleum Turpentine, the pound

Orabus, the pound -- '

Orpment or.auripigmentum, the 112 pound

y s

- vj.s. viij.d. — j. s. viij. d. — is —

- s. vnj. d. — j. s. viij. d. — vj. d.

- vj. d.

- IV 1.

- llj. S. vj. d. j. s.

IV

Panther, the pound —

Panis porcinus, vide Cyclamen Pearle beaten, the ounce Troy Peilitorie, the pound —

Pepper lon^, the pound —

Perrofen, videfrankinfence

Piony seeds, the pound -- - viij; d.

Piftachias or Nux Piftachiae, the pound — j. s.

Pix Burgundiae, the 112 pound., XV s.

Polium Montanum, the pound -- viij. d.

Polipodium, the pound — — IV d.

Pomegranet pills, the 112 pound (a) — ij. 1.

Poppie seeds, the pound -- viij.d.'

Precipitate, vide Mercurie precipitate

Pfyllium, the pound - viij.d.

Prunellaies or Pruans of Brunolia, the pound j. s. Quicksilver, vide Argentum viyum

rhapontikum, the pound — — - xiij. s. IV 'd.

Radix Efule, the pound - j. s.

Redlead, the ii2_pound _ - xvj. s. viij. d.

Rhabarbarum or Rubarbe, the pound Rofalger, the pound, vide Arfmck

Roffet, the pound -

Radix contra Yerva, the pound Radix Scorcionera, the pound Radix Peona.*, the pound ' —

(<?) eo. ic. 15.

VOL. III

j.f.

vj. d.

iij. s. IV d, iy. s. IV d, viij.d.

A

Sal Alkali, the pound — Sal Armoniacum, the pound

Sal Gem, the pound -

Sal Niter, the pound

ivs.

j. s. viij. d. viij.d. j.'s.' vj. dr;

sand rach'a or bum. Sartdracha, or Grip -

Geo. IC. IJ.

Junipprl the hundred and twelvb pouii

Sandiver, the na pouitd.

Sanguis draconis, the pound sariap.irilla, the pound

Jr.

iij. s. IV d.

s. IV d,

Sassafras Wood or Roots, the hundred and 7 j

twelve pound — r —: — j?'. i,

Saunders white, the pound' — — }.' s.

Saunders yellow, the pound ijs.

Saunders red dlias flock, the iiz poilnd — iiij. I,

( f,

-1

ij j \

"J, -. .1,

S Geo. ici.

Scamonie, vide Diagrcdium Scincus Marinus, the piece Scordium, the pound —

Scorpions, the piece seberines, the pound Seeds for Gardens of all sorts, the pound viij. d.

Seler Mcntanus, tile pound viij. d.

Semen Cucumeris, Cucurb, citnil. melon 7 V j j the pound -- - 5

iiij. d. vj. d. iij. d. j._s.

Sena, the pound

Soldonella, the pound *-

Sperma csetlfine, the pound -

Sperms creti Course oylie, the hundred and j

twelve pound — — j

Spica celtica, vide Nardus Celtica, orj Spita Romana

ijs. vj. d. viij. d.

V s.

iiij. 1;

J

vj. s. viij. d,

j. s. vj. d.

lij.s. IV d.

jl., V s.

O

iij. s, X d. ij. I.

Sanguis Hirci, the pound Spiknard the pound -

Spodium, the pound 'Spunges, the pound

Squilla, the i 12 pound —

Squinanthum, the pound' -

TECH ados, the pound -

Staphifager, the 112 pound -

Stibium, vidp Ahtimonium preparatum

Storax Calamita, the pound —

Storax Liquida, the pound -

Succus Liquiritias, the pound -

Sulphur vivum, 'the pound —

Tamarindes, the pound -

Terra Lemnia, the pound' ——

Terra, sigiuata the pound -

Thlafpii femdn, "the pound' ——

Tornfall, the pound -

Trocifci de Vlpera, the ounce Troy. ry^ —

Treacle common, the pound. —

Treacle of Venice, the pound -

Turbith, the pound -

Turbith Thapfise, the pound., — r —

Turmerick, the pound -

Turpentine of Venice, Scio or Cyprus, the 7,

pound - s1

Turpentine Common, the hundred and? j'

'ntmnrl'Z f

J vj. d. ijs. J. s. viij

j'

d.

- V s. - j.s.

J. d.

VS.

iij. s.

hi,

vs.

ijs.

xs,

V s.'

II. s. j.'s/

viij. d.

S Geo. 1

C

C i

- I

'twelve pound Talke white, the pound Talke green, the pound '

Verdigreece, the pound Vernish, the 112 pound Vermilion, vide Cinabrium Vitriolum Romanum, the pound, Vmber, the hundred weight cont. one hundred and twelve pound -

Viscus quercinus, the pound -

White lead, the 112 pound -

Wormfccds, the pound -

Zedoaria, the pound'

I.

______ j.s. viij.d. 8 geo, 1.0.15,

- j 1' 1

J.S.

IV. S.

jr.l

III. s. IV d. _ iij. s. IV d.

Xylobalfamum, vide Lentifcus All Druggs imported directly irom, the place of their growth in english built Shipping, to be rated one third part of what is charged in the Book of Rates, and no more.

Diamonds, Pearls, Precious Stones and Jewels, 7 X the hundred pound value

ei i

Barlings, the Croce, conf. 12 dozen Brick rones, by "the thousan'd .2 j Flanders Tile to fcowr with the thousand !j. 1

I Galley Tiles, the Foot'.' — 1 -- j.s.

'Z) Paveiftg Tiles, the thousand - 1.

11 Tiles called Pan Tiles, the thousand — viij. I. t; I All other sorts of Earthen Ware not parti 1 cularly mentioned, to pay for every

L twenty Shillings value 1 s. 6 a, J

Eggs, the hundred, cont. fixfcore j.s. viij,

Elephants teeth, the hundred, cont. 112 pound IV I. Emery Rones, the hundredweight cont. t12 pound viij. s. I Ebony wood, the hundred weightjcpnt. iizppundj: 1.

'X

6 Geo. 2.

c.j.

d.

1.

F.

154 C 4-

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

F.

7 & s w. 3.

C 20,

For Corn, the piece of Paper, the dozen for women and children french making,

the dozen ——

f for beds, the j 12 pound voc.

h

vj. s. viij. d. vj. s. viij. d.

1.

tv. L

Feathers 3 voc. Edridge or Oftridge Feathers?.

feathers<undreft the owned p1

(_ Eftridge or Oftridge dressed, the pound ij. I.

feather beds old or new, the piece ij. J. xiij. s. IV d.

Felts for Cloaks, french making, three yards 1

one yard and an half I IV 1.

and an half long, broad the Felt

Fiddles for Children, the dozen fire lhovels, the dozen

ivs. xiij. s.

IV. d.

fire lhovel plates, the hundred weight, cont. 1 izl. xiij. s. IV d.

Figuretto, the yard - viij.s. iv.d.

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen — ij. 1.

rcod fish, the barrel

xiij.

s. IV d.

15 Car, 2. C 7.

f J barrel jj j Spruce Ecles, the barrel / Stub Eeles, the barrel

Note, that all Sorts of Fish, linglish taken and brought. in English ° Ships, oughts to pay no £ Custom, as by the Stat.

10 Eliz_ Reg.

Cap. 5.

o I cod fish, the last, cont. twelve barrels — VIII 1.

cod sith, the hundred, cont. six score — — 1. vj. s. viij.d.

?§ J cods heads, the barrel -- iij.s. iv.d,

lcole fish, the hundred, cont. six score -

'rpimper Eeles, the barrel -- j. 1.

"I Shalt, Kine or Dole Eeles the 7.

xs —

____ ij. 1. vj. s. vuj. d.

uquick Eeles, the Ships lading XX I.

Gull fj(h, the barrel — vj.s. viij.d.

Haddocks, the barrel — — vj.s. viij.d.

m white, full or Ihotten, the barrel viij. s. IV d.

If J white, full or Ihotten, the last

'£< cont. twelve barrels

I red, the cade, cont. 500 — viij.s. iv.d. " L red, the last, cont. 20 cades — viij. 1, vj

s. viij.d.

j. s. III 1. vj.s. viij.d.

Newland

Lampreis, the piece Lings of all sorts, the hundred, cont. six score _ -

(mail, the hund. cont.

six score -

middle sort, the hund. cont. six score Newland fish great, the hundred, containing six, score -

the barrel —

Salmon £ cirles, lhe barrel Seal fish, the fish -

the hund. cont. 6 Cropling the last, cont. 1000

Lubfish, the hund. cont. six fcorej.l. vj.s. viij.d. Lubfilh, the last, cont. 1000' — xiij.l vj.s.viij.d. Titling, the hund. cont. six score vj.s. viij.d. ltitling, the last, cont. 1000 — iij. 1. vj.s. viij.d.

Jwhiting the barrel — — iij.s. IV d.

Flannel, 'the yard -- - j s. viij. d.

K C covered with leather, the dozen -- vs.

S; < covered with velvet, the dozen — — ij. 1.

E L of horn, the dozen vj.s. viij.d,

'j 1.

xs.

j. 1. X s,

- ij. 1.

- XV s.

- xiij, s. IV d. score xuj, s. IV d.

- vj. 1. xiij. s. iv.d.

o f Spruce, Muscovie, and all Flax undreft,

>) the hundredweight, cont. 112 pond;j dressed or wrought flax, the hundred weight,

El containing 112 pound —

Steams to lead blood, the piece

XV. J.

ij. d.

h

Flocks, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound, Flutes course, the groce, cont. 12 dozen — j. L

Freeze of Ireland, the yard 'x d,

Frizado, the piece, cont. 24 yards -- viij. 1.

1 - — n - — II 1.

farmins, the Tymber, cont. Jo skins

J Badger skins, the piece g Bear J black or red, the piece ° J skins I white the piece S'?»C fvine fhp whr

IJS.

Budge

- j; 1.

- Ij. 1.

- vj.s. viij.d,

- j. s. viij. d.

white taw'd, 'the hundred, cont. 7 up

five score skins -- - j.

("black tawed, the dozen skins — J*VJ>S vuj.d.

Beaver's skins> the whoie Piece I womhes the piece

black untawed, the hundred, cont.

five score skins -

ff J Poules the fur, cont. 4 pains

= > Navern, the hundred legs, cont. five

score -

Rumney, the hund. legs, cont. five L score

Ziij.1.

- j 1

vuj, |vj.

'untawed, the tymber, cont. 40 skins .5) tawed, the tymber, cont. 40 skins

j j (eafoned, the paine ——

thepaioe -

Tlkins, the hundred, cont. five score 2) poults, the hundred, cont. five score J / <3) poults, the mantle*. - vj. s,

(. wembes, the paiues or mantle — vj'si

xs.

s. iiij. d.

viij.d.'

vj. s. viij. d. ___viij. s.

- j'>.,

__________xij. s. vj. d.

five score — — *',

d. iij. d.

Dokerers, the tymber, cont. 40 skins — — s. hr. d, Fitches^the tymber, cont skins' — iv.d.

1 the paine or mantle

M f the black Fox (kin

j! J the ordinary skin ——

the pain or mantle -

" (, wombes, poules, or pieces the pain ("backs the dozen. —

I tailes, the pain or mantle -

g with tailes, the piece

e J without the tailes, the piece -

o'j raw, the piece

xij. s. vj. d.

?1- a ' j. s. IV d.

XV. s.

X s.

xiij. s. IV d. xij. s. vj. d. iij.s. iv.d, ivs. j.s.

Poults, the hundred, cent, five score j, J, vj.s. viij.d. I Wombs seasoned, the pain or mantle j. I, vj. s. viij. d.

lwombs (lag, the pain or mantle — XV s. £ C untawed, the timber cont. forty?

skins -- --'5 vuj. s.

q I tawed, the timber cont. 40 skins — xij. s.

xvj. s. iij. s. ivs.

f black, raw the skin g) black, seasoned the skin g j grey, raw the skin

IV. d. vj. d. vj. d.' viij. d.

grey, seasoned the (kin "Tawed, the Tymber, skins.

Letwis

cont. 40 (

Untawed, the Timber, cont. 40 j skins.

viij. s. IV d,

vj. s.

j. I. V s.

v. 1.

ij. 1. X s.

- X

- IX 1.

- X s. — xij. s.

iiij, d,

r skins. the piece

Leopards wombs the paine Lewzemes skins, the piece, / the tymber, cont. 40 skins § \ the pain or mantle j < Poults the pain or mantle fe I Gils the tymber, cont. 40 skins S (_ Tailes, the hundred cont. five score ij.' f.

Miniver, the mantle — xiij. s.

5 untawed, the.timbercont. 40 skins III j.

j Jinxes £ tawed; the tjmber cont. 40 skins jv. J.

Moule skins, the dozen — -- vj. d.

Otter skins, the piece — — V s.

Ounce skins, the piece — xij. s. VI d,

Sables' of all sorts, the tymber cont. 40 skins XXX J.

weazle'.kins, the dozen — iv.d.

wolfe5tawed, the piece — — j. I. xs.

skins \ untawed, the piece — — j. |. iij. s.

_wolvenngs, the piece^xij.s. vj. dl

"Amsterdam, Holland or Dutch sustains, the piece cont, 2 half pieces, of 15 yards the half piece

viij. 1.

j nan / .,

___ r vuj. I.

LXXX 1.

iij. K XIV s.

vj.].

i xvj. s;

Barmilians, the piece cont. two half pieces viij. 1,

Cullen fustians, the piece cont. two naif?

pieces — — j

Holmes and Bevernex fustians, the bale j cont. 45 half pieces _ — — j

Holmes and Bevernex fustians, the piece ] cont. two half pieces — — '

Teane fustians, the piece cont. two half? .,

J pieces - - - 51 "-1 '

Millain fustians, the piece containuig two / ., half pieces. - - - $ VI1J' L

g Naples fuftiansi tripe or velurc plain, the /. -- half piece cont. seven yards and half

Naples fustians, tripe or velure plain, the.

cont. 35 yards — — jviij. 1*

Naples fustians tripe or velure plain, the yard X s.

Naples fustians wrought voc* Sparta velvet, 7 the half piece cont. 7 yards and half J Naples fustians wrought, or Sparta velvet ] the yard -

Oibrow or Augusta fustians, the piece 1 cont. two half pieces with silk, the yard

ofweazel the piece cont. two half pieces viij. 1.

Fufles of Cloves, the pound iij.s. vj.d

G.

Gadza of all sorts without gold or Over, the yard'ij. s. viij. d. Gadza stripped with gold or silver, the yard — V s.

Gaily dishes, the dozen — ijs. vj. d.

5 small rough, the pound — j. 1.

oari ets Small or great, cut, the pound — iij. 1.

Gantlets, the pair — — IV s.

Garters of silk french making, the dozen pairiij..l Gaules, the hundred weight cont. liz pound aj ij. 1,

Gimblets for Vintners, the dozen -- viij. s.

fof cruel, the groce cont. 12 dozen'-- -- j. xiij. s. IV di

leather, the groce com. 12 dozen — - iij. 1. vv. s. viij. d,

- J of silk, the dozen -- - ij. 1.

h j of velvet, the dozen — iiij. 1.

O I of woollen, the dozen - j, 1. xij. s.

Lof counterfeit gold and silver, the dozen — j.

glasses.fors Burgundy white, the chest (b)' — iij. ]. XV s. Windows < Burgundy coloured, the chest — — 1. V s. voc. I Normandy white, the case. j. 1. X s.

(a) 8 Geo. I. C j j. (!) 7 & 8 W. 3. C 20.

gla/fe!

IV. 1. X s, viij.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 4.

r Normandy coloured, the case — iij. I. XV s. Glades for Rbenifti the way or web, cont. 7

Windows 7 60 bunches -- - S 1 ' '

t Muscovy glass or flude the pound ijs.

("Venice chinking glades, the doacnxviij. s.

I Flanders drinking glades, the?

Drinking J hundred glades -- \'

glades, voc.] Scotch and trench drinking glass 7

fes, the hund. cont. five (core J'

(.course drinking glades, the dozen iij. s. r Burning glades, the dozen — iij. s.

Clades) Balme glass, tyre groce cont. 12 dozen vij. s. vj. d, vocat.) Vials, the hundred cont. five score — — s.

(. Water glades, the dozen -- xij. s.

("half penny ware, the groce cont. 12 dozen viij. s. g j penny ware, the groce cont. 12 dozen — xvj. s.

§ of Steel small, the dozen - xiij. s. iiij. d.

J of Steel large — — j. 1. vj. s. viij. d.

£>sof Christal small, the dozen under No. j. I. X s,

JZ I of Christal middle sort, the dozen No. 6. iij. 1.

§ I of Christal (mail, the doen No. 7, 8, 9, 10. vj. 1.

A (.of Christal, the dozen No. XI 12. '

Houre) groce cont.

making course, 12 dozen

glades. I of Flanders making, the dozen fine — j.

(.of Venice making, the dozen -- iij. 1.

Class (lone plates, for spectacles rough the dozen j. I, "of Chriltal small, under No. 6.)

the dozen -- - j '

of Christal, No. 6. the dozen — ij. 1. of Christal, No. 7, 8, 9, 10. the dozen -- — IV 1.

Glass plates or fights for

looking glass es unified.

Glass

of Christal, Numero 11, iz. the

'dozen -- — XXX 1.

!, the pi

pound

vij. s. vj. d.

pipes \ greatj the hund. weight cont. 112 pound vij. 1. X s. All other glass Manufactures not above particu 1 lariy rated, except glass Beads, rated at per J j. s. vj

d.

pound -- j

Clew, the hundred weight cont. uz pound — j. 1.

S small, the pair -- — iij. 1.

Globes large, the pair -- vj. 1.

fof Bridges or French making, the groce 7, s

cont. iz dozen -- S' '

of Canary, Millen or Venice unwrought, -.

the dozen pair - '

s eof Canary, Millen, Venice or French, 7 - wrought with gold or ffiver, the dozen > IV J.

0 pair, — — j

of Vandon, the dozen pair 1 — X s.

of silk knit, the dozen pair, — — ij. I.

of Spanish plain, the dozen pair -- XV s.

" Bridges gold and ffiver, the pound cont.

16 ounces Hab. de poiz —

Cap gold and ffiver, the pound cont. 16 i ounces Hab. de poiz

£ 0

s. IV d.

Copper, gold and ffiver upon quills and) rolls, or rolls, or in (kain, the pound / X s.

com. 16 ounces Hab. de poiz — j

_ Cullen gold and ffiver, the mall contain "

"two pound and a half at twelve > j. 1. VI s. viij. d, ounces to the pound — J

French copper, gold and ffiver, the mark 7 V s cont. 8 ounces Hab. de poiz — J Lyons copper, gold and ffiver double! guilt, the mark cont. 8 ounces, Hab. > i. 1. vj. s. viij. d. de poiz — — J

"Venice, Florence or Milain gold 7.

Gold and and ffiver, the pound corn. 12 V iij. 1. vj. s. viij

ffiver ounces Venice weight — J

threed French and Paris gold and ffiver, ! right voc. the mark cont. 11 ounces and S lj. 1.

half Venice weight — J Gold foile, the small groce cont. 12 dozen — vj;. s. viij. d.

Gold paper, the small groce cont. 12 dozen — xiij. s. IV d.

Grains French or Guiney, the pound — — viij. d.

r or Scarlet powder, the pound -- vj. s. viij. d.

Graine < of Sevil in berries and grains of 7

t Portugal or Rotta, the pound - j "J" s' LV " Crindle (tones, the chalder — — j. 1. VI s. viij. d.

calmoods, the hundredweight, cont. 112'

pound 1 -

Anniseeds, the hundred weight, cont. 1127

pound -- - 5

Cloves, the pound -- — xs.

Corrants, the hundred, cont. 112 pound vj. 1.

Dates, the hundred weight, cont. 112?., pound _. — 3-7-. _ i

d.

VI. 1.

1.

r, 'Cof the East Indies, the pound — iij. s. Ginger. r j; — .1 -

I of the West Indies, the pound — j. s. IV d.

Licoris, the hundred weight cont. pound

'Z 1_ fj. 1. X s.

V

e

'£ w o

s

o

C

Sz

U V

; lj.l

j. 1.

Maces, the pound - j. 1.

Nutmegs, the pound — — viij. s.

Pepper, the pound -- - iij. s. IV d.

Pepper imported directly from the place J of its growth in English built ship > s. viij, d.

ping, the pound — J

Sinamon, the pound vj. s. viij. d.

great, the hundred weight, contain 7

ing 112 pound g1 '

of the Sun, the hundred weight

cont. nz pound -- -;

of Smyrna black, the hund. weight \

cont. nz pound -- j.

of Smyrna red, the hundred weight 7. j cont. 112 pound — J.

Figs, the hundred weight cont. iiz pound j. 1. xiij. S. IV 4, Prunes, the hund. weight, cont. nz pound XV s.

'Candy brown, the hundred weight? X j'containing nz pound — 5'*

Candy white, the hundred weight V j containing 112 pound — J '*Muscovadoes, the hundred weight 7 g 1

containing, 112 pound -- - j^'

Refined double or single in loaves, ! the hundred weight, containing > xvij. I,

nz pound --

Saint Thome and Pannellis, the hun \ -

3

CO

dred weight, cont. iiz pound white, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound

vij. 1. vj, $. viij. 4,

Plantations, 7 the hundred weight cont. 112 1.

white, from the English Plantations, the I 1 '

pound

brown, and Muscovadoes, from the!

English Plantations, the hundred 1 j. 1. X 6. weight, cont. 112 pound — J All Spicery, except Pepper, imported dire fily from the place of its growth in englllh built shipping, to be rated one third part of what is charged in the Book of Rates, and no more.

Grograins Turkie, the yard -- — iij. s. IX d.

Guns J Callivers, the piece — — V s.

vocat. 7, Muskets, the piece'-- --, — X s.

r Serpentine, the hundredweight, 7.

Gunpowder J cont. 112 pound -- {'*

vocat. J corn powder, the hund. weight 7 VII 1 ( cont, iiz pound — £ '

H.

Halherds F s'!t. the Pie: e. — xiij. s. IV d.

Halberds £ unguilt, the piece -- iij. s. IV d.,

f with wooden handles or without, 7.

Hammers 7 the dozen -- $ lv' si

Vocat. Horsemens hammers, the doz. xiij. s. IV d.

Handkerchers, the dozen -- -; iij. 1.

Hamels Roses, the thousand- -

rcorfelets complete, the piece j. 1.

ojl Curats, the piece -- — xij. s. vj. de

3 < Morians or head pieces graven, the

X ° [

piece

the xs.

Morians or head pieces plain, the piece V s. Harpllrings or Catlings the groce, containing 7 V

12 dozen i'*

Hatbands, the groce, cont. 12 dozen -- V 1.

"of beaver wool or hair, the hat — X 1.

of Bridges, the dozen — — X 1.

Dutch felts, or hats made of wool, the 7: j

piece -

Spanish or Portugal felts, the dozen -- y. 1.

"n'of silk, French making, the dozen -- iij. 1.

of draw, side baste

of Venice, the dozen -- iij. 1.

of wool or worded trimmed, the dozen — iij. 1

; ffaulcons, the Hawk Golhawks the Hawk

ierfaulcons, the Hawk erkins, the Hawk anners, the Hawk i.annarets, the Hawk

SC

- IV 1.

- iij. 1. vj. s. viij. d.

- IV 1. X s.

- iij. 1. VII s. viij.'d.

- IV 1.

ij. 1.

ij.l.

vta(teis of all sorts, the haw k Hawks hoods, the gross, corn. 12 dozen — j. 1. VI s. viij. d.

Hair bottoms for fives, the groce com. 12 dozen X s. o f Camels hair, the pound -- — iij. s.

1 Elkcs hair for saddles, the hundred weight 7 -.

com. 112 Pound — L § xij. s. VI d.

w^Goats hair, the pound — i. s. ij. d.

Headings for pipes, hogftieads or barrels, the 7 -,

i. — - J 1 1 — — zz — f — — ^y f. V IIJ i U.

kj com. 112 pound

a t

"ica.l -

hundred, containing six score Heath for briilhes, the hundred, containing?'.. 112 pound C J'

- z

Hemp

6 CM

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.; D. 16, 6a

"Hemp short dressed, the hundredweight, 7 V C'copt. 112 pound' — — J

Cullen and steel hemp, and alj other sorts? o of dpeft hemp, the hundred weight, V X 1,

co'flt.i'12 poijnd 1.., it.

pi Spruce, Mofcovia, and all other rough? hemp, 'the. hundred weight, contain j xiij. s.iv.d..*L ing, II pound - J > 'I

"Bufi hides, the hide -- — ? X s,

u Cow hides of: Barbary and Mofcovia, the?; s yt '

o hide --

Cow or horse hide's tanned, the piece. — X s.

g Cow or horse hides in the hair, the piece ijs'. vj. d.

"tr India hides, tire.hide -- — 'ivs, yd,

.'V $.

Lolh hides, the piece -

ali other hides'in the hair or undrefl half the custom;,

Red or Mufcqvia hides, taiined, collored or?, i e rt uncollored, the hide, — —: — r 1 $ vj. s, ny. 0,

Hilts for swords or daggers the dozen - — jj» U

tjanotr S the barrej:.

Honey 2 the tonne, -- - xij. 1.

"- of iron for pipes or hogsheads, the hundred 7 -.

weight, containing 312 pound -- - 5 J Vis v11j

Dr Coojaers, the thousand - — j.'i. vj. s. viij.

Hops, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound xv.lrtr \ Horses and mares, the horse of mare — xj L '.

Hose of cruel, vocrat, Mantda' hose, the pair — X s.

J;

i

M

I!

II

Teste, the pound

I

4 - r nj,s. IV d,

jews trumpes, the groce, cont iz dozen] — X s.'

Imperlings blew or redj, the cozen j. 1. X s.

Ink for Printers, the hundred' weight, 'cotitaim 7 ' - V

112 pound't, f -7 — — $ *-,

Ink horns i containing 12 dozen — iij. 1.

ink horns |ofbra&> tie d?zea - _; '_ixij.: s;

f nnwrought, the pound, — — ijs. yj<rd.

r, i, j wrought, the.dozen.pound. viij. I.

ncie < Roules, the dozer - '

s dozen pieces, containing

fvio rvi/ico'i '*

y 36 yards the piece S Geo. X C 15, Indico of Turkey of the West indies, or rich

Instruments for Barbers, and chirur gions, voc.

Indico, the pound

Indico dust, the pound -

Indico English Plantation, the pound ("Bullet ferues, the dozen Incision sheers, the dozen Sets, the bundle, cont. 16 Paices or Tooth drawers, the dozen V s.

Plulicanes, the dozen -- vs.

Trepans, the dozen. — X s.

Spanish, Spruce and Swedish, she Tun vij. 1.'

Backs for chimneys final], the piece -- vj. s. viij. d.

Backs for chimneys large, the piece -- xiij.s. IV d.

=) Bands for kettles, the hundred weight con 7 j (

tabling 112 pound 5 J

) Fire Irons, the eroce cont. 12 dozen — — X.

(Hoops, the hundred weight, cont. nzpoundj 1 vj.s. viij.

i^stones, the piece. — y: L

Juice of Lemmons, the pipe — iiij. 1,

Ivory, the pound. X s,

K

Keyknops, though groce, cont. 12 dozen — j.

"Almain, Bohemia, and all other course?

knives, the dicker cont. ten kives — ^uj. s, Butchers knives, the dicker cont; ten knives in s.

Carving knives, the dozen -- — jij. 1.

Collen knives, the groce cont. 12 dozen: — viij. 1. p French knives, the groce cont. 12 dozen — iiij, 1.

Glovers knives, the bundle cont. six knives j. 1. X s.

Pen knives, the groce cont. 12 dozen — 1.1. X s,

Sker knives, the dicker cont..ten knives — iij, s.

Stock knives ungilt, the dozen flocks — — iiij. J.

Stock knives gilt, the dozen flocks — - — vj. 1. '

bone lace of thred, the dozen yards — iiij.), brittain lace, the groce containing'"12 7,

dozen yards, ' —: jj VJ' "

cruel lace, the small groce' cont. 12 dozen viij.; F. Gold and Silver lace, the pound cont. 12 7 1

'ounces Troy.

and Silverdace, the ounce Troy - — 1.,

pcmet lace, the groce cont. i2'd02en yafdsjj. 1. purse or antlet lace of thred, the groce.7 .1

cont, j2 dozen -- ' y; i.,

Silk hone lace, the pound cont. '16 ounces XL 1. silk lace of all other sorts, the pound? V '1 -

I containing 16 ounces. 1 -- ' C'"

Ladles vocat. melting ladles, the hundred j weight cont. ijz pounds — — j

: j

- t V

' 1 i'

I.

ij. 1.

UJ, Sr

Lapis magnatu falce, the pound

r'black i.attin, the hundred weight cont.'

Lattin) 112 pound' *- j V

vocat. i (haven, Lattin, the hundred weight?

I i; i i vj..'s.viij.ti,

- iaiv

- 1UJ. 1.

s. IV dr

t cent, nz pound lead ore, the Tonne, — r

Lemons pickldd, the Pipe. —

Lemon ( the Tonne -

water 7 the Gallon -

fbafil leather, the dozen — t? Spanish leather, or Cordevant, the dozen 7

g I rskins'- J '

J Spruce' or Danfk leather, the dozen skins ij. 1.

J; j hangings.gilt, the piece — — - iiij. 1.

'Leather lor Malles, the poupd - vj. s. viij. f

rp., ^1. — J L - A Tr. J.^ft n rd /. r n

- X 1. xiij.

xj.d.

- XX 1.

"Leather lor Malles, the poupd -

t Turkey and east-india Cordevant, i the' L dozen. -- -. r —

- J

Leaves, of Gold, the hundred leaves coiit. five fcord tij.

1.

Lewers for Ilayks, the piece, r -

Lime for Diers, the barrel.^

Lines of Hamborough for ships, the piece lin seed, the bushel, - Linnes blue or red, the dozen —

'Calicoes fine or course. piece

C

C

J

V S', -

j s. iiij. d, 1 V s.

- vj. d.

- V s.

- j. 1. X s,

- , — X s., '

r, the half, piece, cont. six else?

Cambrick' < and an half'C '

the piece, cont, '13 else, J ij. 1,

"Dutch Barras' and h.efteris Canvas, 7 -

the jjundred else,: com. fixfcore. J I rencii or Normandy Canvas, and line marrow, 'frown" or white, the > vj.), hundred else, containing fixfcore 1 French Canvas and line broad for?. tabling, being an ell. and half, a ( xy, quarter and upwards, the hund. f'

"else corn. fixfcore — i — — J

Packing Canvas guttings, and Spruce?

Canvas, .'the hundred, else, cont. > ij. 1. X s,

fixfcore. - J

Poledavies the bolt, cont, 28 else — j 1.

Spruce Elbing or Quinfborow can 7,

vas, the bolt cont. 28 else, -- J '

Stripped or tufted canvas with' thredj ( the piece cont. fifteen yards -

Stripped tufted or quilted canvas with j silk, the piece cont. fifteen yards 1 Stripped canvas with copper, the piece j cont. fifteen yards

C

(3

XV. s, -

ij. L 'lijj.l, 'U

Vandalofe or Vittery canvas. the hundred else, cont. fixfcore — working canyas for cushions, marrow, 'the hundred else, cont. fixfcore working canvas broad, the hundred else cont. fixfcore. — — working canvas of the broadest sort,

the hundred else, cont, fixfcore Tabling, of Holland making, the yard j. 1. Towelling and.napkenning of Hoi.

making, the yard — -- \ 5.

S Tabling of Silesia making the yard. — iiij. i.

iiij.

v.l.'

t

iij. 1. V h vj. L

Towelling and napkenning of Silesia 7. making, the yard S' S"

IV. d.

: Tabling of holland making, the yard IX s. Towelling and napkening of Hoi 7 —

land making, the yard -- - \ UJ' Si

Napkins of Holland making, the do 7 .'

zen, — - £ j j. xvj. s.

Tabling of Sletia making, the yard iij. s. IV d. towelling and napkening of Sletia? i.

(_ making, the yard. - lv"f*

the half piece, cont. six else, and a half j. 1.. i the piece, containing thirteen else — ij. 1.. voc. Callico lawns, the piece — vide Calicoes,

voc. french.lawns, the piece. -- j. 1, X s.

voc. sletia.lawns, the piece cont. be, ?.

_ tween four and eight yards — — "Flemith cloth "

'Gentish cloth Ifingham cloth Overifils cloth

3, Rouse cloth

cia;

Brabant clbth Embden cloth Freeze cloth. Brown Holland

- V s.

Bag Holland, J.

Sritish, the 'lmndrea,; eljs, cdhtaihing five 7 j

score- -- —. 5' "

Cowffeild cloth or plats, the ell — — j. s.'viyvd,

Driling and pack duck, the hundred else, 7 y, cont. six score -

g Jibing

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 4.

Elbing or Danlk doth double ploy, the 7.

ell *- a.

Hamborow and Sletia' cloth broad, the hundred else, cont. 12q white or brown '

Hamborow doth harrow, the hundred 7

else cont.'^ix score' — —; — i v*tj. I.

Hinderlands, midd]egood_, Headlake and 7 Muscovla ilioen narrow, the hundred > ij. 1. xiij. s.

else, cont.' six score ——

Irish cloth, the hundred else, cont. six?.. score, I'J

X 1.

ij. 1.

IV. d;

V 1.1

lvj. 1. xiij. s. IV d. LX 1.

Treager, greft and narrow, 'or common' dowlalfe, the Lockerams piece, containing 106 vocat. else -

Broad dowlafs, the piece,

I containing 106 else — _ lilinflers, the roul, cont! 1500 else, at five?

score to the hundred X

Ozenbrigs, the roul, cont. ijoo else, at ]

fitle score to the hundred *- j,

Soultwich, the hundred Efts, cont.', six score IV L

1'olonia, Ulfiers, Hannovers, Lubeck, 7 narrow Sletia, narrow Westphalia, nar row Hartford, plain napkenning, and I '

all other narrow cloth of high dutch - > IV I. land and the East Country, white or I brown, and not otherwise rated, the 1 hundred else, cont. six score. J

All Linen of Germany or highdutch.,

land and Sclctia, not above three quarters and a half broad, shall be accounted narrow linen; and all above that breadth., shall be accounted broad, and pay accordingly.

Strasborough or Hamborow linen, the elliij.s.

Twill and Ticking of Scotland, the hun; .., else) cont. six score

All linen shall pay one full Moyety over and above what is before rated, for which additional duty the importer, giving security at the customhouse, shall have 12 months time for payment of the same, from the time of the Importation; or in case such Importer shall pay ready money, he hall have ro percent, of; the said Duty abated to him And if any of the said Linnens for which this said Duty is paid or secured at the.

Importation, be exported within twelve months after their Importation, then the aforesaid Duty.

shall be wholly repaid, or the Security vacated, as to what shall be so exported.

Lockets or Chapes for Daggers, the groce,

cont. 12 dozen — ' — — k s. ima.

C Budget or hanging locks, small, the,

) groce, containg 12 dozen — C' ' '

vocat. j hanging locks, large, the groce con 7 1

C taining 12 dozen — — £ '

Lutes J cullcn making, with cases, the dozen viij. 1, tes Venice making with cases the dozen xxiv.'l.

r Catlings, the groce, containing 12 7 .1 '

Lutestringsj dozen knots' — — £ J

voc. "7 Minikins, the groce, containing /, vj s VIII d.

(_ 12 dozen knots'5

Litmus, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound faji }

M.

croppemadder, and.allother balemadder, ?. s the hundred weight, cont. 113 pound. J' '*

Sat Madder, the hundred, weight, cont.j

112 pound. £ -' J"'

Mull Madder, the hundred weight, cont. 7 -.

£ i, pound (a)., t — — £' '

Magnus, the hundred weight, containing 112

pound £ !- '

Maps printed, the Reajn - —; — IV 1.

matksj of Velvet, the dozen iy.l.

'I of Satin, the dozen., ij. L

"f for ships small, the mail — — III s. IV d,

73 < middle, the mall. - X s. z

£ (_ great, the mail'., - j. 1. i

Match for Guns, the pound r- --

Mats of Russia, the.mat. -- — vj. d!'!

Malt and Barley, vide.corn 1

Meal of Wheat or Rie, flje last.

barrels " -

Medlars, the bafketj containing two bushels — — s.

Mellaffes of Rameales, the tonne xiij'. 1. vj.s. viij. d,

Meilelanes, the piece, containing 30 yards — IX 1.

The fmlle piece, cont. yards of sletia makingj. 1. xvj, S, Metheglin, the hoglhed — — ij. 1,

(«) 8 Geo. 1. C ij.

Mithridate, the pound j. 1.

Mocado ends, the dozen pound IV 1.

Mortars and Fellies of brass, the pound — j. s. IV d. mullard fccd, the hundred weight, containing?

1: 2 pound -- - y 's

Mittins of Wadmoll, the dozen pair -... IX s,

N.

schair nails, the thousand xiij. s. iiij. d.

I copper nails, rose nails, and Sadlers?.

g I nails, the sum containing 10000 — 5 S' ll' d

J Head nails, the barrel viij. 1.

- 1 harness nails, 'the sum, containing rooooj.l.

2 I small nails, the half barrel viij. 1.

j sprig nails, the sum containing 10000 — vj. s. viij. d.

ltenter hooks, the thousand V s.

Napkins, french making, the dozen -- xij. s.

Sof Russia, the piece -- ij. d.

the barrel X s.

- ijs', vj. d.

V

llj. 1.

- xiij. s. IV d, — vj. s. viij.' d. — IV d.

- X s.

- vj. s. viij. d.

the dozen Nickerchers of Flanders making, the dozen f the dozen thousand Neediest voc. pack necdles, the thousand. t voc. sail needles, the thousand

Nutmegs pickled, the piece -

Nuts \ small Nuts, the barrel —

voc.? Wall nuts, the barrel — I —

o.

1.

Oakham, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound X s.

Oaker, the barrel' - j. 1. VI s. viij. d,

n, J the piece — — j. s.

jars > t[lc hundred, cont. six score vj. 1.

Oats, the quarter, containing 8 bushels ——

frape and Linseed Oil, the tonne LXX 1.

j Sivil oil, Majorca oil, Minorca oil, 7. g j Apuglia, 'Province oil, and Portugal S xxxii. 1 > j oil, the tonne — — j

2 7 Sallet oil, 'the gallon — V s

o' I train oil of Greenland, the tonne viij. 1.

I train oil of New found land, and the? Yj_

L like sort, the tonne' — — '£ ' "

All train oil, or fish oil of Foreign filling the 7

Olives, the hogshead — — 1.

f the barrel — — iij. s. IV d'.

J the hundred bunches — — XVI s. viij. d.

n ons j seed, the hundred weight cont. 112? jy,

(_ pound — — ^5'

Orchal, the hundred weight, cont. na pound ij. 1.'.

Orenges and Lemmons, the thousand j. 1. '

Orfedcw, the dozen pound — — j. 1. vj. s. viij. d.

f in Ikeins, the hundred pound —

Packthread < voc. Bottom thread, the hundred?

(_ pound —

f dripping and frying pans, the hun?

voc. < ored weight, cont. 112 pound J

t warming pans, the dozen -

'Blew paper, the ream -

Brown paper, the bundle -

Cap paper, the ream' -

Demy paper, the ream -

Ordinary printing and copy paper, the?

S? ream — —: -- 5

Painted paper the ream -

Prefiing paper, the hundred leaves —

Rochel paper, as large as Demy pgper,

the ream -

Royal paper, the ream — ' —

S t!le dozen, cont. 12 sheets — Barcnment the containing flx dozeli -

Palle of Jene, the pound -

Pears or apples dried, the barrel -

Peas, the quarter, containing eight bushels — — the groce, containing 12 dozen. —

; Petticoats of f: ik, the piece -

; Percer bits, the groce, containing 12 dozen " — ' f the dozen from Christmas to Mid?

'< sommer^1 -5

t Pouts, fromr.iidfommer tochristmas

'pike heads, the piece - to ——

X without heads, 'the piece -

11kes? with heads, 'the piece ——

Pins, the dozen thousand ——

and pliers, the dozen -

Pintados or Callico cupberd clothes, the piece Pipe or hogshead staves, the hund, cont. six score Pipes for Tabors, the dozen.

vj. d. VI d.

j 1 ij.l. X s,

>'j. I,;, 1.

X s.' iij. s. vij. s.'

Xij. s.

IV. s.

xiij. s. IV d. xiij. s.' IV dix.

s.'

j. 1.

vij. s.*ij. 1. II s, vij. s.vvj. dx

s. IV is.

'i: 1;

nj. I

j 1.

IV. 1.

ij. 1. X s,

vj. d. iij. s', vj. div.

s.

ij. 1. X s. IV s. '

vp s. viij. dh vj. s. viij. d. IV s.

Pipes

r57

S Geo. 1. c. 15.

158 C 4.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

Pipes for children) the groce, cont. 12 dozen — viij. s.

Pitch J Small band, the 1 aft, cont. 12 barrels ij. 1. X s. vocat. 7 Great band, the last, conr. 12 barrels ij. 1. X s, Plaider of Paris, the mount, cont. 3000 weight ij. 1,

Plane irons, the dozen ijs.

Planks of Ireland, the hundred foot, containing?;, j

five score jxij.s. vj.a,

r Silver white or ungilt, the ounce — IV s.

Plato 7 of silver parcel gilt, the ounce -- IV s. vj. d.

t of silver gilt, the ounce V s.

Tingle white or black, the hundred plates xiij. s. IV d. double white or black, the hundred plates jl. vis. viij.d. t single white or black, the barrel, cont. 7 1

8 300 plates < J U

V double white or black, the barrel, cont. 7 7

il 300 plates - S. '

- Harness plates or iron doubles, the plate J. 6.

I Harness plates or iron doubles, the bundle.

containing 10 plates

X s.

viij. d.

1.

Playing Tables of walnut tree, the pair " vj s

- tbred, the great groce, containing jz 7.

small groce 3' '

of capiton, the great groce, containing 12 /.

small groce - 5 'J*

S hne silk, the small groce, cont.

Points i2 dozen' - - $J.J. xs.

Pomystones, the tun. - - xiij. s. iiij. d,

Pomegcanets, the.thousand - - j; )#

Pork J side - vis"

7 the tun - vj, ].

Potatoes, the hundred weight, containing 112? .'

pound — 7 xyj.s. vnj.d,

Gof Earth or Stone covered, the hundred, 7.,

containing five score 5 J > VIIJ

of Earth or Stone uncovered, the hundred 7 cart, containing a gallon to every call, V ij. J. X s,

whether in one pot or more -

o<voc. Gallipots, the hundred, containing?;

five score 5

voc. melting pots for Goldsmiths, the {

hundred -

of Iron, French or flemish making, the

dozen ——

voc. Pullies of Iron, the groce, containing j jsj 12 dozen — — '

3 j of Brass, the dozen -

of Wood, the groce, containing 12 dozen jl.

Punfons and Gravers for Goldsmiths, the poundj. s.

7*8 W. 3. C 10.

Qc

Quails, the dozen -

Quils vocat. Goose quils, the thousand j2 f french making, the dozen

of Cailico, the piece -

O' I of Satin or other silk, the piece Quinces, the hundred -

R.

Rackets, the piece — — yjij» d.

Rape of grapes, the tun — "j

Seed, the quarter - ]!.

V r Bridges or Leaden Raflies, the single piece, 7

>\ containing fifteen yards J

8 < Bridges or Leaden Raihes, the double piece, '

& J containing two single pieces — 5 V1L V Cloth Radies, the piece — T "xviij.

5 for children, the groce, containing?.

twelve dozen -- 5 J^6#

with Bells, the dozen Razers, the dicker, containing ten

- viij. s. ijs.

- IV 1. xvj.

- ij. 1.

- vj. 1. xiij. s. IV d.

- viij. s.

; w. 1. 1.

1.

VJ. s.

jl.

Recorders, the fetor case, containing five Re 7.

corders — i J

of silk of all sorts, the pound — jv, 1

Rice, the hundred weight, containing an hun -

and twelve pound -

Rozen, the hundredweight, containing an hundred and twelve pound -

Rugs J Irish Rugs, the piece — — xiij. s.

vocat. 7 Holish Rugs, the piece — jl.

j. I. vj. s. viij, d. viij. d.

vj. s.

iiij d.

Ryms for Sieves, the groce, containing twelve?'.

dozen — 5 'h

("for Keys, the groce, containing 12 dozen ix.s.

C for Curtains, the pound — -- j. ». d.

5 ] of Wyer, the groce, containing iz dozen iiij. s,

X y of Brass, Copper, or St. Martins gilt, the?., g, groce, containing twelve dozen — 3 J'

E small the Box, containing two groce, /

p5 twelve dozen to each groce 5 X S

of Hair, the groce, containing 12 dozen iij. s.

s.

{ the hundred else, containing six score viij. L J offinglethredsjthepiece, cont. igyards X s.

Sackcloth'? with \yhite thred, the yhnd -- j. s.

(_ with silk, the yard — — j. s. vj.

Saddels of Heel, the piece — > -- j

S attar a, vide Baritia

Saffore, the pound (a) — — ]*

Saffron, the pound — — j. l.x.s.

rwhite or Spanish Salt, the bushel -

- white or Spanish Salt, the wey, contain 7;, V.,

ing forty bushels — — J.

Bay or French Salt, the bushel

Bay or French Salt, the wey, contain 7.

L ing forty bushels -

salt peter, the hundred weight, containing 112?.

pound — 5j'1'

f hand saws, the dozen vj. s, viij. d.

Saws vne J tenants saws, the dozen — xiij. s. IV d,

saws voc. < whip.saws) the piece Js.

I. leg saws, the piece vj. s. viij.d,

double Says or Flanders Serges, the 7.

piece, containing fifteen yards — 3*'

Double Say or Serge, the yard — — xij. s.

Mild Says, the piece — -- vj.).

Hounfcot Say, the piece, containing 24 7

L yards — — J /'

Scamoty, the yard Scamoty, the piece, and an half

j. s.

s. vj, d.

taining iiz pound sea morse teeth, the pound Serge 5 Athens, the yard

containing seven yards^vs

Scifers, the groce, containing twelve dozen iij. 1. sea holly roots, the hundredweight, conj —

- s.

- O

_ Florence, the yard — — J 1

forshear men, new, the pair -- J.

shear men, old, the pair — -- xiij. s.

for Glovers, the pair — — j. s.

for Seamfters, the dozen — — iij. s. IV d.

vocat. Forceps, the groce, cont. jz dozen xiij. s. iiij. d,

Uor Tailors, the dozen — xvj. s.

Sheep imported from Ireland to England, by 7 V

the score -

Shubs of Calabar, the piece or (hub -

Shumach, the hundred weight, containing j itzpound — — j

Shruff or old Brass, the hundred weight, coni

taining 112 pound — 3, lb

Sider, the tun — — IV 1.

' Bridges silk, the pound, cont. j6 ounces ij. J,

Ferret or Floret silk, the pound, contain 7, ing 16 ounces — — CJ 1,

Fillozel or Paris silk, the pound, contain 1 ing 16 ounces — — j

Silk black, the pound, containing! ounces -

in colours, the pound, containing'i q (_ tti ounces -

r Silk black, the pound, containing ] il J 16 ounces -

S'! Silk in colours, the pound, containing j^(_ 16 ounces — — '

Orgafine silk, and all Thrown silk in the ]

Gum, the pound, cont. >6 ounces 1 Pole and Spanish silk, the pound. Con.., 16 ounces — — i J 'J*

Raw China silk, the pound, cont. 24 ounces j. 1.

Raw Morea silk, the pound, cont. 24 ounces X s.

Raw long silk of all sorts (except Chipa) 7 X the pound, containing 24 ounces — 5 - '

Raw short silk or Capiton, the pound, /

containing 24 ounces — — ^"

Satin silk, the pound, containing 16 ounces ij. 1.

Sleeve filkcourse, the pound, cont. 16 ounces xiij. s. IV d. Sleeve silk sine, or Naples fieeve, the?

iiij. d.

ij. I.

xiij. s. iiij. d.

1.

iij. 1. iv.l ij. 1.

lj. 1. X s. xvj. s. viij. d.

pound, containing 16 ounces Silk Nubs, or Hulk of silk, the pound,

______? ij. 1. xiij. s. IV d.

- f'j 5.

containing 2: ounces Thrown silk, the pound, dyed, containing 16 ounces -

j fimported in ships, english built, direff.

gi ly from the East indias, the pound I XV s.

g I weight, cont. 16 ounces — — J

° < of the Manufacture of Italy, imported

directly from thence in english built f.

ships, the pound weight, containing f J' XUJ' 1v d. 16 ounces - J

(a) i Geo. 1. c. 15.

Imported

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 4.

- I Imported from the East indies in other 7 m bottoms, the pound weight, contain > 1, § J ing 16 ounces i

from Italy ij. 1.

g from any other parts of the World, the 7. H pound weight, cont, 16 ounces? '

Provided, That all foreign Silks wrought, exported within one Year from the Importation,

shall have two thirds of the aforesaid Rates repaid at the customhouse (a).

All Silks wrought, shall pay one full Moyety over and above What they (land rated in this Book, for which additional Duty, the Importer, giving Security at the customhouse, shall have twelve Monetns Time for Payment of the same from the Time of the Importation: Or in case such Importer shall pay Ready Money, he shall have ten Pound percent, of the said Duty abated to him. And if any of the said Silks, for which the said Duty is paid or secured at the Importation, be exported within twelve Moneths after their Importation, then the aforesaid Duty shall be wholly returned, or the Security vacated, as to what shall be so exported.

vj. d.

"Buck? in the haire, the (kin _ — — ijs.

skins 7 dressed, the (kin -- — V s.

Calfe V of Ireland, raw, the dozen — vj. s. viij. skins? tanned -- - X s.

Cordivant of Turkey, East india, or Scot 7

land, the dozen' -- £ J. 1. vj. s. vuj. a.

Dogfish skins for Fletchers, the dozen — vj. d.

Fox skins dressed, the dozen xvj. s.

Cold (kin, the (kin vj. d.

C fof Barbarie or the East Country, in^ j

§ 1 the haire, the dozen skins 2^of Scotland and Ireland, in the haire, 7 vj s

lij.l

vj. d.

the dozen

nj I

O L tanned, the dozen Huffe skins for Fletchers, the stein

viij. d.

f in the haire, the hundred, con 7

) taining five score 3 J

1 dressed, the hundred, containing 7 j

/ fit/tt frrtrp. - 1 '

J ij

in the haire, the hundred, " con

Kids skins

five score Portugal! skins, the dozen

Seal skins, the (kin -- — j. s. viij. d,

Shamway skins, the dozen — jl. vj. s. viij. d. Sheepe skins in the wool, the (kin iij. d.

Spanish Sevill or Cordovant skins, the dozen V 1.

Spruce skins tawed, the dozen ij. 1.

Skeets for Whitfters, the Skeet j..s.

Slip, the barrell iij. s. IV d.

Smalts, the pound -- j. s. vj. d.

Snuffers of all sorts, the dozen Y). s. viij. d.

Castle or Venice, the hundred weight, 7 j; j containing uz pound — i '

_ Flemish, the barrel — — IV I.

Spangles of copper, the thousand -- j.

Soape

vocat

Spars (mail, the hundred, containing six (core j 1. Spedlacles without cases, the groce, cent, iz dozen J h Spoones of home, the groce, cont. 12 dozen — xvj. s. Spunges, videdruggs

f of Wood, the dozen - IV s.

*>», tirtim) of Brass tlle dozen -- xij. s.

j covered with leather gilt, the piece vj. s. vuj.d. (_ vocat. Pocket Standifhes, the dozen ij. 1.

Starch white, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound V 1.

f Barrell (laves, the hundred, containing"? s; j

Staves J six score- -- - '

j Firkin (laves, the hundred, containing;: s

(_ six score ——

Ileele, wisp steele, and suchlike, 7 Steele J (he hundred weight, containing an j. 1. X s.

vocat.) hundred and twelve pound — — J

(_ Gad Ileele, the half barrell —

stockinsofwadmoll, thepaire -

Stone birds or Whifties, the small groce, containing twelve dozen

X 1. j. s.

f Blood (tones, the pound -- XV s.

Stones! Cane (tones, the tonne XV s.

vocat.) Dog Hones, the lad, containing three 7.

L pair to the lad -- - 3 xxxii£' lr

Millstones, the piece - X L

Querne (tones small, the lad -- ij. 1. V s.

Querne (tones large, the lad -- IV 1. X s.

Slick stones, the hundred, containing?

five score- -- s

S firkin -- — jl X s.

Sturgion } t]) - cag; g -- - Jxv. s

Studs of all sorts, made of or mixed with wool,

per yard V s.

Succad, wet or dry, the pound'. iij. s,

(a) 7 Geo. 1. c. 20.

Sword ( of Venice, Turkey, or fine blades, the 7, X 1 i, t dozen — — 1 — — j

C aaes^c0urfcj of flanders making, the dozen j. I,

Table Jeourse, the dozen — — X 3.

books j.fine, the dozen -- — jl.

Tables J playing Tables of Wainscot, and all? vocat.? other sorts, course, the pair — ?'

Tacks of Iron, the thousand — — s. viij. d.

Tallow, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound xvj. s. viij. d.' Tannets of Cruel the yard 'with hair, the Flemish ell

159

£ \ with Caddas, the Flemish ell — with silk, the Flemish eil«/ with Gold or Silver, the Flemish ell (.with Wool, the Flemish ell —

Tarras, the Barrell

vj. s,

- ijs. viij. d.

- Viij. s.

- xiij. s. IV d.

- viij. 1.

- iiij. s.

- vj. s. viij. d.

T rre S small band, the lad, cont. iz barrels ij. X s. i arre 7 great band, the lad, cont. iz barrels — ij. 1. X s.

Tazels, the thousand... ... s.

Thimbells, the thousand- -

' Bridges thred, the dozen pound ij. 1. V s.

Crosbow thred, the hundred pound, con 7 jji 1 vj s VIII d.

taining five score- -- -'

Lions or Paris thread, the bale, containing vvv,

C < a hundred bolts ——

H Outnal thred, the dozen pound Piecing thred, the dozen pound Sisters thred, the pound pwhited brown, the dozen pound mu? or Fullian, the pound ihrums 7 of Woollen, the pound —

r Brize! Tikes, and counterfeit Brizell, ?.

7 the Tike C J

j Turnai Tikes, the Tike Tiking, of the East country, the yard Tikes of S toade, the Tike Tincal, the pound, vide Drugs.

tinfoile, the groce, cont. 12 dozen

X s.

1. X: d.

vnj. d. -- J./.X.

- iij. s. IV d,

Tinglass, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound III J.

Tinsel S Copper, the yard — — V s.

- X s.

j. s. vj. d.

j. s. viij. d.

with 1 rigst gold and silver, the yard

Tinlhore, the groce, cont. iz dozen -

Tobacco? Spanish and Brazeil Tobacco, or any vocat. I not English plantation, the pound Spanish and Brazeil tobacco in pudding or roull, the pound -

Tobacco Saint Christophers, Barbados, or' vocat. any the Carib Klands, Virginia and Summerlflands tobacco, the pound -- - 3

All Tobacco of the English Plantation shall pay over and above the lad mentioned rate by the Merchant Importer, id. per pound, at nine moneths after importation, and give security for the same.

Provided that such Tobacco as shall be exported by any person within twelve moneths from the importation, shall have this duty of one penny per pound repaid.

And in case any Merchant or Impopter shall desire to pay ready money, he shall have an abatement at the rate of 101, percent, per ann. Tooles? Caning tooles, the groce, containing? -,

vocat. 7 iz dozen 5 '

Tow, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound X s. Trayes of wood, the Shock, cont. 60 Trayes — j. 1.

S Flanders Treacle, the barrel -- IV 1

ireacie of Jeane, the pound — — j. s.

f white sort common, the groce, 7; V cont. 12 dozen -

xij. s. X s.

- X s.

- iij. 1.

vj. d.

I Geo. I, C M;

IV. d.

I, the groce, cont.

T r nc rs < rc(j or the groce, cont.

C 12 dozen Treene nailes, the thousand Trunnels, the thousand.

of France, the dozen Twine J of Hatnborouj; h, the pound

3 Ann. C 3,

} the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound ij. 1. X s.

Twill fbrtjandftrings, the dozen knots — X s.

V

Vnllancesof Scotland, thcpiece viij. s.

Verditor, the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound j. i. vj. viij, d.

Verders of Tapestry, with haire, the Fkmish ell ijs.

Vellum for Table books, the (kin X s.

Viols, the piece xiij. s. IV d.

Vice hafps, the dozen -- - ijs.

Vice tongues or hand vices, the dozen -- xij. s.

Vinegar, the Tonne -- V I. 14C. 1t. 2. C it.

Vizards, the dozen - j. 1. IV

W,

160 C 4.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

15 Car. 2. C 7.

7& SOUTHWEST. 3-

20.

W.

Wadmoll, the yard

IX. d,

X 1.

Wainefcots, the hundred, cont. six score,

5 ^'c hundred weight, cont. 7 m pound ij. 1.

IX. I vocat. hard wax, the pound -- iij. s. IV d.

whale Finns of English fishing, imported by!

English in English shipping, directly from the > 1.

place, by the Tun --

Whale Finns not of English filling, by the Tun C 1. whet ftoiies, the hundred stones, cont. five score xvj. s. viij. d.

Whipcord, the pound —. viij. d.

Whittles, Cocks, or Bellows, the groce -- j. I. IV s.

Whittles, Cocks, or Birds of Stone, the small?

cont. 12 dozen' -

r islandsorgreen woad, the Tonne, cont. 7,

Woad) twenty hundred weight -- £'

vocat. i Tholofe woad, the hundred weight, 7;

t cont. impound -- xuj

worm seed, vide Drugs

5 vocat. S. Outers narrow, or half? -. worsted, the piece -- £^'

s. IV d.

Geo I. C 15-

r. 1 vvulllgu, LUG ijitgg - '

Womens < vocat Ruffels worsted, or broad ', worsteds, the piece — j f boxwood for Combs, the thousand"

Wood) pieces 1

vocat. j Brazcil or Farnambuck wood, the } (_ hundred weight, cont. 111 pound < Braziletto or Gomeaco wood, the hund. weight 7 containing impound -

ij 1

j. 1. xiij. s. IV d; j. 1. XV s. j. 1. j. s. viij. d.

Ebonie wood, the hundred weight, containing (.

112 pound - — - j.'

Fustick, the hundred weight, cont. iiz pound V s. Lignum vita, vide Drugs

fplanks of Ireland, "the foot -- - j. d. ob,

tv j Guine wood, the Tonne - — — XXX 1.

o Speckled wood, (he'hundred weight, cont. 7, s; V

impound - £*"

o [ Sweet wood of West-india, the hundred 7; 1 V s

; > I weight, cont. 1 m pound - jj J'

Timber of Ireland, the Tonne or load — xiij. s. IV a.

Wool

("Bcver wool!, free

Cotton wool, not of the growth of the?.,

oc'[ English plantations, the pound ' — 5 1v

Cotten wopll of tlioekglrfliplantations, free Eftridge wool imported in English built ?' Ships, the hundred weight, cont. 1 ia V -'

pound, free. -- J

Irish wool combed, the pound, free Irish wool uncomb'd, the hundred weight, cont. impound, free

J jr

Lambs wool, the hundred weight, con 7 taining 112 pound, free — V

wool, the hundred weight, II pound, free

Spanish wool for clothing, the hundred

weight, cont. 112 pound, free -

Spanish felt wool, the hundred weight,

containing 112 pound, free -

Red wool, the pound, free' ——

Wool mixtin Stuffs, vide Stuffs

Wrest for Virginals, the groce, cont. 12 dozen jl IV s.

"Dagger and quartern wyer, the pound — iij* s. IV d.

Iron wyer, the hundred weight, cont. £,

S pound -- \

g.lattin wyer, the hundred weight, cont. 7.

j ] impound

Steele wyer, the pound — — iij. s.

Strawfborough wyer, the pound — i — — iij. s.

lvirginall wyer, the pound. V s.

wine lees, the Tonne — — - IV

IV. d.,

Y.

"Cable yarn, the hundred weight, cont. m x]jj_ s 4. Camel or mo hair yarne, the pound — ij - s. vj. d.

5 Cotten yarne, the pound.

C Grograine yarn, the pound -

'Irish yarne, the pack, cont. 400 weight, at six score pound the huiidred (a) —

raw linning yarr.e, Dutch or French the pound

j.s.

Jlj. s.

IV. 1.

j.s. vj. d.

sayte yarne, the pound " -

Spruce or Muscovia yarn, the hundred weight, ? jj.j. X jj. s jy. g;

cont. impound -- £.'.

Scotch yarne, the pound -- j s

Woollen or bay yarn, the hundred weight, cont. 7 jj. ]. vj. s, viij, d.

112 pound -

(a) 7 SOUTHWEST. 3. C 39.

The Subsidie of Tonnage upon all Wines to be brought into the Port of London, and all other Ports

of England, and Dominions thereof, by englishmen.

All Merchant Strangers bringing in any sorts of the said Wines, are to pay thirty shillings in the Tonne over and above the afofd said rates which the Native payes 3 including twenty shillings the Tonne formerly paid to his Majesty, by the name of Southampton duties, for Mufcadels, Malmefies, and all other wines of the growth of the Levant.

For which sorts of Wines the stranger is also to pay to the use of the Town of Southampton for every Butt or Pipe, the sum of ten shillings

the stranger is to pay the ancient duty of Butlerage, which is two shillings upon every Tonne.

Note, that such Wines as shall be landed in any of the Out ports and Custom paid, and afterwards brought to be port.of London by Certificate, shall pay so much more Custom, as they paid short of the duty due in the port of London.

Gascoigne and French wines brought into' the Port of London, the Tonne to j

pay

Brought into all other Ports, to pay Rhemfh wines brought into, any Port, the Awmej. L Mufcadels, Malmefies and other wines of the - Levant, brought into the Ports of London, Bristol or Southampton, the Butt or Pype

to pay -

Brought into all other Ports, to pay Sacks, Canaries, Malagaes, Maderaes, Romneys, Hollocks, Bastards, Tents and aui cants, brought into the Port of London, the

Butt or Pype to pay —; -

Brought into all other Ports to pay

nj

ij. 1

- j.i.

I. X Sx,

L

V s; X s.

I. V s. X s.

g Geo. ic

fed. 7.

Rates Outwards.

A,

Lablafter, the load

ij* I

A Allome English, the hundred weight,

containing 112 pound ——

a])othecary and confeclionary wares of all \.

sorts, the hundred weight -

Anvils, the hundred weight, pont. 112 pound — X s,

Apples, thebushell -- - j.s,

Apples vocat. Pippins, the bushell j. s.

aquavit: e, the hog (head -- ij. 1.

Ames of Englishj wood, the last, containing 7 .,

twelve barrels _ b J. 1. xirj. s, IV d.

B.

& 4 W & M,

C 8-

Bacon, the flitch ' -

Baggs, the dozen -

Bandaleers, the hundred collars

vv Sc M. Bee barrel!

3 & 4 w ' C'Beer, the tonne, vide after Merchandise outwards

C S Beer Eger, the tenne -

Bell mettail, the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound Bellows, the dozen n Bullets, the thousand '

X S; X s. X s. iij. 1.

vj. s, ij. 1.

1. X S,

birding pieces, the piece, vide iron ware.

Birdlime, the hundred. Containing 112 pound j,

Boxes vocat. Tobacco boxes, vide Haberdashery f vocat. stitched Bodies, with silke, the 7

Bodies < payr — -- 3

C of whalebone, the payr, vide Garments

Bones vocat. oxe bones, the thousand- -- viij. d.

Books printed, unbound or bound, the hundred 7

weight, at 1j2 pound*-- -- - \*

Brasse manufactures of all sorts, the hundred? -.

weight, at 112 pound* — J '

Bridles, the dozen j.s. viij. d.

Brushes English, of Heath, the dozen -- xs.

Buckweed, the quarter, (vide Com.)

Buttons of hair, the small groce, containing^yj d

twelve dozen

Butter, good or bad, the barrel J.

"Barnestable course, of 20 pound weight'? XII sand

under, the bay -- 5 J'

Manchester or Barnestable fine and all), other Angle bays, not exceeding 34 V J 1-

W pound weight, the piece. 3

Double bays the piece, in weight from?.

34 pound weight to 60 pound weight (aj \ JJ* ' luj 11 & 11 W. 3. C AQ»

vj. dv'

Bay

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

- davi, containing in weight from Go pound weight to 90 pound weight, V in.

I to pay as three single bays -- 3

'*C And if they do contain above 90 pound "3

Irt weight, and not above 112 to pay t —

1 all duties as for four tingle bays, and r m.d.

L no more - j

Dimitie, the yard -

Dublets of Leather, the piece, vide Garments. Dust of Cloves, of Ginger, of Lignum vitae, of Mace, of Nutmegs, of Pepper of all Spices, and the like, are to dc exported cu(torn free, having paid at the importation.

C

IV. d.

C

Calve fklns, the dozen, of thirty-six pound 7.

weight, undreft and dressed- -- -. 1. X s.

V 1.

"By ifrangers No one Ik

No one skin vn any dozen, dressed or undreft, to exceed four pound in weight.

Cambodium, the pound - j. s. vj. d.

C the dozen pound (a). -- vs.

Candles < the barrel, containing ten dozen 7.., V C I pound jij.l. xs.

Canvas English tufted, the piece, containing '

thirty yards, vide Linen -

Canvas Shropshire making, the hundred else,

containing five score, vide Linen -

C vocat Monmouth caps, plain, the dozen vj. s,) vocat. Monmouth caps, tnm'd, the dozen xij.

buttoned, English malting, the dozen — viij. s IV

vocat. Monmouth caps, tnm'd, the dozen xij. s.

buttoned, English malting, the d "*:

Wool, black, the dozen (b)

5 Stock cards, the dozen -

voc r. Tow cards new, the dozen -

'Wool cards 5 vocat. new, the dozen -

Vv oof cartls vocat. old, the dozen -

laying pards, the hundredweight, at nz 7

pound. 5 vs

lard boards, the final! groce, cont. 12 dozen j. 1. rarpets Northern, the piece # - xj. s

d.

X s.

j. 1. IV s. V s.

X s. vj. s.

atiings, or English hat makers firings, the 7

groce, containing twelve dozen -- -3*s:

: the hundred weight, conr. 112 pound C j. 2. lloaks old, the piece (vide Garments)

: loalc bags, the dozen — — XV s.

loaches and chariots of all sores, the piece — V 1. rsea Coals, the Chalder, newcastle mea i sure, exported by English m English > I, built Bottoms j

Is

VIIj

d.

Sea Coals, the Chalder, London measure, 7

exported by English in english built > V 1. Bottoms j

1

Sea Coals of Wales or the West country which shall be transported. into Ireland, the I fie of Manor Scotland, to pay 12 pence' the Chalder, water measure.

The Officers of the Ports to take good security for the landing of the said Coals

re spe lively.

The Merchant Stranger to pay double. Custom if Jhe carry out Coals in a forraign I Bottome, but if m any English Bottoms,

I then fourteen Shillings the Chalder.

That if any English transport Coals in I firange built Bottoms, to pay Strangers ccustome.

Combes of wood, bone or home, or any other 7

sort, (vide J taberdaftiery) 5

robwob Lavvnes, the yard -- viij. d.

pom tats, the pound, vide Confection ary coney hu?ire or Wool, black or white, the pound vj. s.: oper manufactures, of all sorts, the hundred 7 - s. viij.

weight, containing 1 22 pound C

lerdage, tarred or untarred, the hundred / s

weight, containing X xz pound j., C

"r of \V00JI and haire, the piece — j. s.

loverlets^of Caddas, the piece j. s. J'J* a

Airricombes, vide LI on ware.

ufhions of Vorkeshire, the dozen, j. i

'ocrons Northern, Manchester, Taunton and 7 j: 2.

Welsh Cottons, the hundred Goads fbj — S., xs

- " — "the hundred Goads lj

d.

i?. d.

"j. s. iv.d.

E.

Emery Stones, the hundred weight, containing"

nz pound 1

r bricks and Tyles of all sorts, the'.

Earthen) aiti^0xfanf .1 — ' "T — ^J s. IV d.

Ware. I other sorts of Earthen and Stone j

I Ware made in England (not ra > s. IV d.

L ted) the hundred parcels —,) '

F.

fennell feed, the hundred weight, cont. nzpoundj h xs.

r with Silk or Copper, vide Silks Figurettoest narrow, the piece -, ..xvj.s.

L broad, the piece 1. X s.

Filozelloes broad of silk, the yard, vide silks fire locks the piece, vide Iron wrought Fitches, the timber, containing forty skins — — } s. IV

Flannell, the yard. iv.d. ob.

Flasks of Horn, vide Haberdashers ware

Flox, the hundred weight, containing it a pound j. 1.

Freezes, the yard -- vj, d.

Fustians of English making of all sorts, to go out Free.

G.

Garments or wearing apparell of all sorts, to go out free.

Gartering of cruel!, the groce, containing? V - s;

twelve dozen j. '

Garters of worsted, the groce, cont. iz dozen y VJ* Geldings or Nags, the piece. See Horses.

For English Plantations, vide Horses

Leather for men, the groce, containing? XV s vjij. (jij

twelve dozen -- --)

fa I for children the groce, cont. 12 dozen — s.

(_ of Norwich, the dozen — — vj. s. vnj. d.

Glade for windows, the chert -- xs

glaftes to drink in, bottles, and all other sorts 7 iij. Sf jv, d.

of glades, the hundred S.

Giew English, the Hund. weight, cont. 112 pound XV s. vnj.d

rplain, of Sheep, Kid or Lambs Leatner, ? iy s the dozen pair

I fringed, and ditched with silk, the dozen

5 h

vj. s. viij. d.

furred, with Coney wool, the dozen pair J vj. s. viij. d.

Lof Buck leather, the dozen — ...j. 1.

Glade broken the barrel -- iij. s. iv.d.

Glovers clippings, the fat or maund ij. 1-

goof quills, the thousand — — s.

Grindledoncs the Chalder — _ xiij. s.

Gunpowder, thehundredweight, cont. nzpotmd II

vocat. oxe guts, the banell L — —, 1.

H.

/packthred, Incle, Tape, fij) iiting. Buttons of all sorts,

Hooks and Eyes, and other /

Haberdashery english mar }^7) kin?, not particularly raj

air, tfi

king, not particularly raf ted, by the hundred weight,

oxlij — _____ -

Cottons called 'Welsh plains, the hundred Uoadsy '

Barley, the quarter, containing eight bushel s'*-- -- -_ X S

containing nz pound 'j Harts hair, the hundred weight, contain 7 1 ijs

ing 112 pound — rj'

Horsehair, the hundred weight, contain( ( ]

uz pound -

Oxe or Cow hair, the hundred weight, 7 1; 1.

containing ijz pound -- C '* '

- " - Jd.

as

I Beans, the quarter j Buck wheat, the quarter

V- ——

Cloth, the piece Hake dih, the hundred, containing six score — — vocat. Coach hainess the pair, with £ j

iwauit, the quarter the quarter be quarter Marter

vnj

Ha

bridles -

Barts born, the hundred weight, containing 7 1

tiz poutid '

Hatbands of cruell, the groce, cont. iz dozen - vs'

Hatches, the dozen, vide ironware - Beavers and Denucaflors, of Englvh ma 7:; I.

f < king. The dozen __ ft V

X C Felts and all ocher bats, the dozen ___ — s'

Hawkes hoods the dozen i f

Hempfeed, the quarter, coqt. eightbuihcls — v'u

- y' &*»*.*j. t !(

" 4 '

a

IX;

' - ' i

XLI

V

vjj»'

it 2 C 4.

aano.duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

ilikw. 3. s. 20.

"packed, the barrel

containing t

the 1

I packed, the last, V < twelve barrels 'H 1 unpack'd or Sea Hicks,

L last, cont. 18 barrels

packed, the barrel -

packed, the last'7 j,

twelve barrels C 5

unpacked or sea sticks, the last, 7; V

cont. 18 barrels 5

r the cade, cont. five hundred — 'vj s.

xiij. s. IV d, viij. 1.

viij. 1.

vj. s, viij. d, IV 1.

1.

red, full the last, containing twenty cades,

I or ten thousand' -

Winter Hers the cade, containing five

rings red, 7 hundred ——

din, \ the last, containing 20

Shotten, Cades, Qr ten thousand

packed, the bariell -

1 packed the last, containing 12 \ 12 < barrels

vj. 1.

s. viij. d.

is S

it

I unpacked, or feastick, the last

cont. 18 barrels -

the Cade, containing five hundred

IV. 1. IV I, iij. S.

iij. 1.

K

the last, containing 20 Cades j, or ten thousand —

Holfters, the dozen pair.

Hops, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound — j. 1. X S, "Blowing homes small, the dozen — tv. s.

of Bucks, the hundred - IV s.

Jnkhoms, the dozen, vide Haberdashery 7

ware. — — 5

Horns for Lanthorns, the thousand leaves j. 1.

Oxe homes, the thousand- -- X 5.

Powder homes, the dozen — -- iiij. s.

of Rams, the thousand — -- j. 1.

of Sheep, the tholifand — -- iij. s. IV d,

Shooing homes, the dozen, - viij. d.

of Stagshomes, the hundred -- j. I. xij. s.

sins or homes the thousand. s.

horse litters and Sedands, the piece — ij. 1. X s.

Stone horses, the piece — — ixvj.l.xiij. s. IV d.

I Geldings or Nags, the piece — XX 1.

Horses vocat.c Geldings or Nags to the English 7, 1 t I Plantations

'lmares, the Mare -- cxxvj.lxiij.s.iv.d.

Horse tailes, with haire, the hundred weight, 7 IV ].

containing five scores '

Horse collars, the hundred, cont. five score ij; Hoops for barrels, the thousand - — s. IV d.

X t;

I.

Jewels precious stones and Pearls, free iron wrought, viz. Axes, Adges, Hoes, Armour, " Bites, Knives, Locks, fowling pieces, Muf i kets, Pistols, Ciftors, Stirrops. and all Carpenter and Gravers tools, Jackwork, Clockwork, and all Ironmongers wares perfeflly manufactured, the hundred weight, cont. 112

pound

iron, the tonn

Xvj. 1. xvj. 1.

i Old Iron, the tun -

[Iron Ordnance, the hundred weight, cont. 112 7 jj, ].

t pound - f.

Irish Mantles, the Mantle — — "j*s>, V "*

Shoemakers pairing knives, the do

1 zen ——

J cutting knives, the dozen vide iron ware,

S j Sheffield knives, the small groce, con

1 g I taining twelve dozen.

ijlondon knives ordinary, the dozen —

L

Lace of gold and silver, the pound — — j. 1. xvj. S

of velvet, the pound, vide silk j Statute Lace, the groce, cont. 12 doz. vide silk 1 Litharge of Lead, the hundred weight, con 7 jj g

taining j 12 pound -- -;: 5., .

Lampernes, the thousand -- — j. vis. viij.d.

Leather manufactures of any sort, not particu 7 X d —

- d.

xiij. s. iiij. d.

larly rated, the pound Loom work, the yard '

Lime, the chalder ——

Lynnen, viz. all sorts of cloth made of Hemp 7 I) or Flax, fine or course, of English manufac > X s.

tuve, the piece, not exceeding forty else j. Linseed, the quarter, containing eight bushels iij. It Linfey woolfey, vide Stuff

Linen Ihreds, the maund or fat Lists of cloth, the thousand yards

ij.l.

J. 1- X s.

Lead, cart and uncaft, the fodder, containing?.

twenty hundred weight - 5*

Note, that every stranger is to pay for Lean double custom.

M.

Maps and Sea Cards of all sorts, the hundred 7 '

weight, at 112 pound -- \'*

Mustard seed, the hundred weight, containing 7

u2 pound - 5's'

Melasses or Rameajes, the tonne — -- X 1.

f: s.

vj. 5. viij..(f.

N.

Nailcs of all sorts, the hundred weight, containing 112 pound -

Nuts small, the barrel, containing three bushe!

o.

Oatemeale 5 !5e., "iij s. iiij, d,

7 the barrel, containing three bushels X s. Oyle vocat. Train oyle made in England, the tonne X 1.

Oysters, the small barrel, in pickle j, s.' IV d

Okcr, yellow or red, the hundred weight, con 7'.

taining 112 pound -

Oxen, the Oxe - '

vj. L xiij. s. IV i.

P.

Xiij. s. IV d, xij, s.

Parchment, the roll

Past boards, the groce, containing 12 dozen —

Pictures of english making, the hund. weight, 7 V

printed or painted — $ '

Pilchers, the tonne, by strangers- -

Points of Leather, the small groce, cont. 12 dozen yj. d.

Purls of Broadcloth, the dozen (a) ij.d.

Pork, the barrel ij — — IV 1.

R.

Rape cakes, the thousand — — s.

Rape seed, the quarter, containing eight bushels iij. 1.

Rugs? Irith Rug, the yard -. IV d.

vocat.? Irish Rugs for Beds, the Rug -- vj. s. viij.tf,

ruftetting for painters, the hundred weight, 7

containing 112 pound -

Rashes vocat. silk Rashes, broad or narrow, / the yard, vide silk ware.

Ribbon, vide silk manufactures.

V s.

s.

apiece

V s.

iij. S.

i'j. s, IV d,

c_j ju.? Great saddles, the piece sanaies All her saddles of all sorts

saddle trees, the dozen -

Sackcloth to make sacks, the boult or piece 7

vide Linen -

Saffron, the pound -- j. 1. X s,

salt peter, the hundredweight, cont nz pound IV 1.

Seamorfe teeth, the pound - iij. s. IV tf.

Scabbards for (words, the dozen j.s. viij. d.

*« {saatis.

Shovels 5 lhe.da?n -- IV

1 unfhod, the dozen

uj.s. IV d.

Shreds and pecces of Broadcloth, the pound' — vj. d f old, the hundred dozen pair — IV 1. Shooes < all new Shooes, Boots and Slippers, 7 d

t the pound Weight -- V X '

Silk vocat. Englifti throne silk, the pound, ?:: ,

containing sixteen Ounces - j i's 1v a

All other silk manufacturees made of silk only, 7 or of silk and worsted, or of silk and thred, J j. s. viij. d, or hair, the pound weight J

"Tawed & dyed into colours, the hundred, containing an hundred and twenty

j t

Grey stag, the hundred, cont. six 7

score- -- S

Grey season'd the hund. cont. six score j. 1.

Grey tawed the hund. cont. six score xiij. s. iiij. d, i Black with silver hairs or without, 7, —. j

the hundred, cont. six score — — \ 'J southwest r In the hair, the hundred, cont. 7.

kid tkins < five score ——

Dressed, the hund. cont. five score xiij: S. IV d;. fvoc. Morkins, untawed, the j

Lambi hundred, cont. six score — — j's' J "r; tkins < voc. Morkins tawed with the /

] wool!, the hund. cont. six score £ Sl v1 J' a'

[a) 11 & 11 W, 3. C ao. ft) 3 & 4 W. & M. r" 8.

Skim

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 4.

I white or blade ontawed, the Lamb < hund.cont. six core — — f white or black tawed with the \_ woollthehund.com. six score r raw, the piece -

otter skinsf tawed, the piece —

C wombs, the mantle — "tawed with the wool, the hund. cont. six score — — and dressed without wool, the Lamb skins hund. cont. six score (a). Pelts, the hundred, cont. five score -

black, the hundred -

hare lkins, the piece —

cat ficins, the hundred -

fox skins, the piece —

swan skins, the piece -

dog skins, the dozen -

elkc steins, the piece, raw wolf skins, tawed, the piece badgers skins, the piece jlquirrel skins, the thousand 'Sleeves of Leather, the dozen pair, vide Garments " hard, english make, the hundred weight, 7

cont. iiz pound -

the barrel ——

suttins £ The double piece, cont. 30 yards j

Sprats the Cade, containing a thousand- -

hundred weight, cont. iiz pound Steel vocat. gad ftcele, the hundred weight,

cont. nz pound -

rlrish, the dozen —

If 1 Kersie long, the pair -

2 < Kersie ftiorr, the dozen pair -

o) Leather, the dozen, vide Garments.

£5 C Silk stockings, vide Silk manufactures. r ("Woollen for children, the dozen —

CL Worsted for children, the dozen —

2 < Woollen for men, the dozen —

8 I Worsted for men, the dozen

j. 1. VI s, Viij. d,

j. X s.

'J -

vj. s. vuj. d, "i. d.

j. s. viij. d. j. I.

jl.

V s.

j.s. iij.d. tij. s. IX d,

w L Lower ends of worsted stockings, the dozen Stones S Hilling stones, the thousand -

I Slate, the thousand ——

Perpetuanas and Serges in regard of Stuffs J their courseness, the pound weight vocat. 7 allothcrstuffsmadeofwoolljormixed (_ with hair or thred, the pound weight Sugar of all sorts formerly brought into this Kingdom, and after refined and made into loaves and exported by way of Merchandise, the hundred, cont. iiz pound

j. s. viij. d. tij. s. IV d. V s.

xij. s. vj. d. vj. 6. viij. d. iij. s. jv. d, XV s.

xs,

T.

Tallow English, the hundred weight, contain 7;

ing IIZ pound 5 J'

TP apeftry or Dornix Hangings, of what sort 7 soever made in England, whereof any part of \ X d.

Woo), the pound weight (6j — j

Thred Mack, the pound — 7

vocat) brown, thu pound -- > videhaberdashery

al' L blew vocat. Coventry blew the pound j Thrums, the hundred, containing fivefcore pound xiij. s. IV d, Tiking English, the piece, vide Linnens.

Tiffime made of Thread, vide Linen.

Tobacco pipes, the small grace, containing' twelve dozen

I- --

broad, the yard Tuftaffaties < English narrow, the yard — > vide Silk,

t with thred, the yard -- 1

r unwrought, the hundred weight, contain 7, y.;: d

g3 ing nz pound - 5'J' '

>) wrought vocat. Pewter the hund. weight, 7,

*' L containing 112 pound (t) -- £'

Note, that every Merchant stranger is to pay for Tynne double custom.

V

Velures English, the single piece, cont. 7 yards X s.

Velurcs the double piece, cont. fifteen yards — j. 1.

Vinegar of wine, the tonne -- - ij. 1. vj.

Virginals, the pair'-- -- jl.

W. '

watches of all sorts, the piecd — xs.

Wadmoll, the yard. - — — IV d. ba)

ao Car. i. C 5. (f) 11 & iz W. 3. C 19.

K) 8 le g W. 3. C 34.

S. viij. d.

r of wad moll, the dozen — — '

g 1 of Cotton, the dozen —

of Ktrfics of Flannell, the piece«I of Worsted knit, the piece > L of Woollen knit, the piece

r e

Wax 7 ing 1 rz pound

t English liard wax, the pound Weld, the hundred weight, containing iiz?;, V

pound — — *'

whalebone, cut or wrought, vide Haberdashery. _ whale fins, the grace, containing twelve dozen ij.

Woad English, the tonne -

Woadnets, the hundred, containing five score

Redwood, the hundred weight, containing 1 iz pound ——

Gambray wood, the hundred weight,

containing nz pound ——

Box wood, the tonne -

wine lees, the but -.

Wool Spanish, free,

uujicll muli LIII — - — 1 —

English, the hundred weight, contain

vide Garments.

Yamvocdt. Grograine Yarne, the pound — IV s.

Tonnage

For every tonn of Beer to be exported in hip 7.

ping english built, in monej £ s

For every tonn of Beer exported in any other 7

shipping, in money - £ 3l

Goods' Inwards not rated, to pay 51. percent.

AND if there shall happen to be brought in or carried out of this Realm, any goods liable to the payment of Custom and Subsidic, which either are omitted in this book, or are not now used to be brought in or carried out, or by reason of the great diversity of the value of some goods could not berated.; That in such case, every Customer or Cclleftor for the time being, shall levie the said Custom and Subsidie of poundage, according to the value and price of such goeds, to be affirmed upon the oath of the Merchant in the presence of the Customer, Collector, Comptroller and Surveyor, or any two of them.

Directions for the payment of the Subsidie upon Woollen Clothes or old Drapery.'

EVERY Englishmen shall pay for every short cloth, L S. D. containing in length not above twenty eight yards, / and in weight not above sixty four pound, white or >00 03 04.

coloured, by him to be shipped and carried out of this I iikizvv.z.

Kingdome, C J 6 Ann. C 8

Being after the rate of two farthings and half a farthing the pound weight.

And so after that rate for all other sorts of clothes of greater length' and weight, allowing not above twenty eight yards, and sixty four pound to a short cloth, that is to say, for every pound weight over and above 64 ppund, two farthings and half a farthing, and for all other sorts of lefier clothes to be allowed t6 a short cloth as hereafter is expressed.

Every stranger shall pay for every Short cloth, contain 7

>00 06

os

ing in length not above z8 yards, and in weight not above 64 pound, white or coloured, by him to be f'

shipped or carried out of this Kingdom }

besides the old — — 00 01 oz

And so after that rate for all other sorts of cloth of greater length and weight, and for. all sorts of lcficr clothes to be allowed to a short cloth, as hereafter is expressed.

What and how many sorts, of the lefier Woollen clothes hereafter specified, shallbc allowed to a short cloth;

"Dorset and Somerset dozens rudge washt"

Cardinals § Pinwhites g \ Straits Statutes Stockbridga Taveftocks

0

si

"Tauntons, Brfdgewaters and Dunsters, the five not exceeding. 64 pound in weight

Devon dozens, cont, weight 13 pound

iz or 13 yards, in

("Ordinary Pennistones or Forest Whites u 1 cont. between iz and 13- yards, and 3 7 in weight z8 pound ——

*> j Sorting Pennistones, cont. 13 or 14 yards, t and in weight 35 pound ur.frized — — VI Narrow

shall go and be accompted for a fi.ort

f cloth, and shall pay after the Rate, of the short cloth, i

164

C 4. Anno duodecinlto Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

"Narrow Yorkshire Kersies whites and reds, cont. not above 17 or 18 yards and in weight 2z pound

Hampshire ordinary Kersies -

Newberry whites and other Kersies oflike 6* making, cont. 24 yards, and in weight

28 pound ——

Sorting Hampshire Kersies, cont. 28

V yards and in weight 32 pound -

'Northern Dozens tingle soiling penni stones, cont. between 14 and 15 yards, and in weight 53 pound irized — One Northern dozen double -

before rated; and for over weight two farthings and half the pound.

The new sort of cloth called Spanish cloth, otherwise narrow list; Western broad cloth not exceeding 25 yards in length and 43 pound in weight, to be accompted two thirds of the short cloth before rated.

And for every pound weight exceeding forty three pounds, two farthings and half a farthing the pound weight.

Cloth Rashes, alias cloth Serges, containing 30 yards, weighing forty pound, to be accounted two thirds of tine short cloth before rated.

And for every pound exceeding forty pound weight, two farthings and half a farthing the pound weight.

And for any other sort of woollen Cloth of the old or hew Drapery, and not mentioned in this book, to pay two farthings and half a farthing for the Subsidie of every pound weight thereof.

Certain Rules, Orders, Directions and Allowances, for the Advancement of Trade and encouragement of the Merchant, as also for the Regulating as well of the Merchants in making of due Entries and just payments of their Customes, as of the Officers in all the Ports of this Kingdome, in the faithful! discharge of their duty.

I.TT'VERY Merchant shall have free liberty to break Bulk in any Port allowed by the Law, and to pay customeand subsidie for no more

Pi then he hall enter and land, Provided that the Master or Purser of every such Ship, hall first make Declaration upon, oath, before any two principail Officers of the Port, of the true content of his Ships lading, and shall likewise after declare upon his oath, before the Customer, Collector, Comptroller or Surveyor, of two of them, at the next Port of this Kingdome where his Ship hall arrive, the quantity and quality of the goods landed at the other Port, whdre was Bulke first broken, and to whom they did belong.

II. All foraigne goods and Merchandizes (except "Wines, Corrants and wrought/ilks) first imported shall. be again exported by any Merchant English within twelve moneths, or stranger within nine moneths. And such Merchant or Merchants as shall export any such for

_ Goods or Merchandise (except before excepted) hall have allowance and be repaved by the Officer which received the same, the

7 v.eo. t. C 20. one rno; etje of the subsidie which was paid at the first importation of such forraigne Goods, and Merchandizes, or any part thereof, so as

lect. 10. due proofe be first made by certificate from the Officers of the due entry and payment of the custom and subsidie of all foraign goods

and merchandizes inwards, together with the oath of the Merchants importing and exporting the same, affirming the truth thereof and the name of his Majesties searcher or under Searcher In the Port of London, and of the Searcher of any other the out Ports, testifyine the Shipping thereof to be exported. After all which duly performed in manner before expressed, the moietie of the Subsidie first paid inwards, shall without any delay or reward be repaid unto such Merchant or Merchants, who doe expect such goods and Merchandizes, within one month after demand thereof. As also the whole additional duty of.silk, linen and Tobacco in manner as before is directed.

III. And if there be any agreement now in force, which was formerly made by the late Commissioners of the Customes and Subsidies, with the Merchants Strangers "of their Factors, or shall hereafter be made by any Commissioners, or Farmers of the Customes and subfi dies, or any other power (except by consent of Parliament) with any Merchant or Merchants Strangers, or their Factors, for any forraign goods and Merchandizes to be brought into the port of London, or any other Port or Haven of this Kingdom of England, or principality of Wales, and to be exported again by way of composition; all other.'merchsnts being his Majesties subjects shall be admitted into the same composition, and not to be" excluded from any other priviledge whatsoever, granted to the Stranger by any private agreement or composition, under the same conditions, and with the same restriction, as shall be made with the merchant stranger.

IV. Every Merchant as well English as Stranger, that shall ship and export any kind of "Wines, which formerly have paid all the duties of Tonnage inwards, shall have repaied or allowed unto them all the duties of Tonnage paid inward, (except to the Enghfnman twenty ftiillings the Tonne, and except to the stranger five and twenty billings the Tonne, upon due proofe of the due entry and payment of the tonnage inwards, and of the Hupping thereof to be exported, to be madein manner as in the second Article is mentioned and expressed.

V If any Merchant Denison or Stranger shall export any Sfanish or forraign wools, he shall have liberty so to do, with this further

Condition, that such Sfanish or other foreign wools whatsoever be not exported in any other Ship or Vessel whatsoever, with intent to be arrived beyond the Seas out of the Kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, than only in English shipping, upon pain of confiscation.

Every Merchant, as well English as Stranger, which shall ship and export any Currants which formerly were duly entered and paid the Subsidie and Custom inwards, shall have allowed or repaid unto them respectively, all the Custom and Subsidie paid inwards for the same (except eighteen pence for every hundred weight to the English, and two and twenty pence and halfepeny for every hundred weight to the Stranger,) upon due proof of the due entry and payment of the custom and Subsidie thereof Inwards, and of the flapping thereof to be exported, to be made in manner as in the fetond Article is declared.

VII. If any Merchant having duly paid all duties inwards for forraign goods, and in regard of bad sales, shall be enforced to keep the same or any part thereof in his hands, after the space of a year shall be elapsed, in this case he or any other person is to be permitted to ship the same out for the parts beyond the Seas (if they think fit) without payment of any subsidy for the same outwards, upon due proof that the same was duly entered, and Subsidy paid inwards, " p

VIII. Every Merchant bringing in any sort of Wines into this Kingdom by Way of Merchandise, and shall make due entries of the same in the customhouse, shall be allowed twelve percent, for Leakage.

IX. Every Hogshead of Wine which shall be run out and not full seven inches or above left therein; and every But or Pipe not above nine inches, shall be accounted for outs; and the Merchant to pay no Subsidie for the same.

X. If any wines shall prove corrupt and unmerchantable, and fit for nothing bnt to distill into hot waters, or to make Vinegar, then f

j>ep, oueo. 1. every owner of such wines shall be abated in the Subsidie, according to such his damages in those wines, by the discretion of the Col ll c' i2, leftors of the Customes, and one of the "principal Officers.

Repealed, as to

XI. If any Tobacco, or other goods or merchandise brought into this Kingdom, shall receive any damage by hit water or otherwise, Tobacco, 'so that the owner thereof shall be prejudiced in the file of such godds, the principal Officers of the Customhouse, or any two of them,

a Geo. 2. c. 2l. whereof the Collector for the time being to be one. 111 all have power to ehufe two indifferent Merchants, experienced in the values of such goods, who upon visiting the said goods, shall certify and declare upon their corporal oaths first administered by the said Officers,

what damage such goods have received, and are kffened in their true value; and according to such damage in relation to the R ites seton

them in this book, the said officers are to make a proportionable abatement unto the Merchant or Owner, of the Subsidie due for the same.

XII. The Merchant stranger, who according to the Rates and Values in this book contained do pay double subsidie for Lead, Tvnn, woollen cloth, shall also pay double customb for Native manufactures of wool or part wool, and the said strapgers are to pay for all other goods 'as well Inwards as Outwards, rated to pay the subsidie of poundage, threepence in the pound, or any other duty payable by Charta Mercitoria', besides the Subsidie. - I

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 4. 165

XIII. That the Merchants trading into the Port of London have free liberty to lade and unlade their goods at any the lawful Keyes and places of shipping and landing of goods between the Tower of London and London bridge, and between sun rising and Sun setting from the tenth day of September to the tenth day of March, and between the hours of six of the dock in the morning and six of the clock in the evening from the tenth day of March to the tenth day of September, giving notice thereof to the respective Officers appointed to attend the lading and unlading of goods. And such Officer as shall refuse upon due calling to be present, he shall forfeit for evo»y default five pounds, the one moiety unto the King, and the other moiety to the party agrieved, and suing for the same.

XIV. The Merchants of Tort, King ft on fuber Hull, and Ncnvcastle upon Tyne, and the members thereof, shall be allowed free of Custome and Subsidie, two of the Northen Clothes and Kersies inten to be shipped in those Ports in the names of double wrappers, as formerly hath been there allowed them.

XV. The Merchants of Exeter, and other Western parts shall be allowed free of Subsidie, one Perpetuanoe inten for a wrapper, and three Devons dozens in twenty for wrappers, the same to be dripped out of the Ports of Exeter, Plymouth, Dartmouth, Bamstable, Lime Regis, or the members thereof.

XVI. All Merchants rransporting any sort of Woollen, whether new or old Drapery, as also Bays and Cottons, shall be allowed ofic inten for a wrapper, free of Custome and Subsidie.

XVII. Every Merchant shall be allowed upon all other goods and merchandise appointed to pay to any the Subsidie of Poundage, according to the rule of this book, to be imported, five in the hundred of all the said Subsidies of Poundage so appointed to be paid.

XVIII. The Officers who sit above in the customhouse of the Port of London, shall attend the service of their several places fresh nine to twelve of the clock in the forenoon; and one Officer, or one able Clerk, shall attend with the book in the afternoon, during such time as the Officers are appointed to wait at the waters side, for the better deciding of all controversies that may happen concerning.

Merchants warrants. All other the Officers of the out Ports shall attend every day in the customhouse of every respective Port for dispatch of Merchants and Shippers, between the hours of nine of the clock and twelve in the morning, and two and four of the clock in the afternoon.

XIX. Every Merchant making an entry of goods, either inwards or outwards, shall be dispatched in such order as he cometh; ard if any Officer or his Clerk shall either for favour or reward put any Merchant or his Servant, duly attending, by his turn, or other, ways delay any Person so duly attending, and making his entries aforesaid, to draw any other reward or gratuity from him than is limited in the Act for Tonnage and Poundage and this Book; if the Master Officer be found faulty herein, he shall, upon complaint to the chief Officers of the customhouse, be strictly admoniffied of his duty; but if the Clerk be found faulty therein, lie shall, upon complaint to the said chief Officers, be presently discharged of his service, and not permitted to sit any more in the custom house.

XX. The Lord Major Communalty and Citizens of the City of London, their Officers or Deputies, for and touching the Offices of Package, Scavage, Baleage or Portage of any Goods or Merchandise of Aliens, or their Sons born within this Kingdome, or Un -- freemen, imported or exported into or out of the City of London, or the Liberties or Ports thereof, unto or from the Parts beyend the Seas, for or concerning the receiving or taking of any fees or rates heretofore usually taken, for or in respect of the said Offices, cr any of them, might and may receive and take the same; anything in the Act for Tonnage and Poundage, or this Book, or any former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. All ancient duties, heretofore lawfully taken by any City, or Town Corporate, their Farmours, Deputies or Officers, under the name of Town Custom or the like, for the maintenance of Bridges, Keys, Harbours, Wharves, or the like, shall and may be received and enjoyed as formerly; anything in the said Act, or any other Act or Book to the contrary notwithstanding

The under Searcher or other Officers of Granefend, having power to visit and (carch any Ship outward bound, shall not without just and reasonable catise detain any such ship under colour of searching the goods therein laden, above three tides after her arrival at grao dend, under pain of loss of their office, and rendering damage to the Merchant and Owner of the Ship; and the Searcher or other Officer of the customhouse in any of the outperts having power to search and visit any ship outward bound, shall not without just and reasonable cause detain any such ship under Colour of Searching the goods therein laden, above one tide after the said Ship is fully laden and ready to set fayle; under pain of loss of the office of such o(fender, and rendering damage to the Merchant and Owner of the Ship.

XXIII. Note, That all Timber in Baulks, which shall be of eight inches square or upwards, that shall be imported or brought from any part beyond the Seas into the Realm of England, Dominion of Wales, Port and Town of Beret tek, or any of them, shall be rated according to the measure of Timber, the foot square threepence for the Value thereof, and according to that Rule shall pay for Subsidy twelve pence in the pound according to poundage, and all under eight inches square, and above five inches square, shall pay for Subsidy according to the Rates mentioned in this Book of Rates for middle Baulks, and auof five inches square or under shall pay according to the Rate of small Baulks.

XXIV. For avoiding all oppressions by any of the Officers of the Customs in any Port of this Kingdom, in exafling unreasonable fees from the Merchant by reason of any entries, or otherwise touching the shipping or unffiipping of any Goods, Warts or Merchandise:

It is ordered that no Officer, Clerk or other, belonging to any customhouse whatsoever, shall exact, require or leceive any other or greater fee of any Merchant or other whatsoever, than such as are or shall be established by the Commons' in Parliament assembled: If any Officer or other shall offend contrary to this order, he shall forfeit his Office and Place, and be for ever after uncapable of any office in the customhouse.

j XXV All Fees appointed to be paid unto the Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, or Surveyor General in the Port of London for any Cockquet or Certificate outwards, shall be paid altogether in one lum, to that Officer from whom the Merchant is to have his Cockquet j of Certificate abdve in the customhouse; and after the Merchant hath duly paid his Custom and Subsidy, and other duties above in the customhouse, as is appointed by this book of Rates, he is to be Master of, and keep his own Cockquet or Certificate, until he shall ship out his goods so entered, when as he is to deliver the same to the head Searcher, or his Majesties under searcher in the Port of London or other Ports, together with the mark and number of his goods.

XXVI. The Officers of the customhouse for the time being, shall allow and make good unto all Persons, all such moneys as are or shall be due unto them for the half subsidie; and also the Sllgier duty of Foreign Goods formerly exported, now due and unpaid.

XXVII. The duties and sums of money appointed to be paid by the Act of Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage passed this Parlia farther proviftotti raent, and by the Book of Rates therein mentioned, and no other, shall be paid to his Majesties Officers, during the continuance of the concemingcustoms, said Act, upon Goods imported or exported; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Nevertheless, it is decla 13^14 Gar. a. red, That prizage of Wines, the duty called Butlerage, and the duty of twelve pence of every Chalder of Sea Coale exported from C I! nenecastle upon Tyne to any other Port or Ports of this Realm, shall be continued, 25 Car. 2. C 6.

2 TV, & M, stat.

z. c. 4. & 10. 4£TS tv.&m. c. 6 TV. & M. C 1. 6 & 7 TV. 3. c. 7. 7 & 8 TV. 3. C 10. & 20. 8 S'9JV. 3. c. 36.9 & 10 W. 3. C 23'. 1 Ann.

stat.2, C oc. 2 jinn. c. 9. 3 S' 4 Ann. C 5. 4 Ann. C 6. S Ann. C 7. S' rz. 12 ann.stat. 2. 2, 8. 3 Geo. IC. 7. C Geo. I. C it. 6 Geo. t. c. 22. 7 Geo. i stat.i. c. 21. 8 Geo. 1. c. 13, 18, S' ^1.9 Gets. 1. C 21.'11 Geo. 1. c. 7 S 30. 12 (To. I. C 2s. 1 Geo. 2. ftae. z. <. 17. 13 Geo. 2. c. 31. 18geo, 2, C 22, 39(7: 0.2.2.34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 28. 28 Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2. r. 18 <2? 19, and 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

Memorandum, Ginger of the Erglish plantations, the hundred weight, containing'] 12 pound, to be rated at one pound.

i66

C 5 — ir

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

CAP. V.

£xp* An Act for continuing the Excise until the twentieth of August one thousand six hundred and fixtjv

Confirmed by 13 Car. 2, Stat. 1. C 7.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers. EXPAND the said Statute of Henry

the Eighth to continue in Force.

CAP. VII.

Markets of An Act for restoring unto James Marquess of Ormond all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the twenty-third Day of October one thousand six hundred forty-one, or at any Time Ence.

PR.

EXP.

JXP.

*XP.

CAP. VIII.

For continuing the Excise till the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand six hundred sixty. Confirmed

by 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 7.

CAP. IX.

For the speedy Provision of Money for dkbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea. Confirmed by 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1, C 7.

CAP. X

Explanations of certain Defaults in an Act, intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision of Money far disbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea. Confirmed by3 Car. 2. C 7.

CAP. XI.

An Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion.

The Causes and Ends of this Pardon and Indemnity.

The General Pardon,

*. nt 'HE King's most excellent Majesty taking into his gracious and serious Consideration the long

A and great Troubles, Discords and Wars that have for many Years past been in this Kingdom, X and that diverse of his Subjects are by Occasion thereof, and otherwise fallen into and be obnoxious to

great Pains and penalties(z) Out of a hearty and pious Desire to put an End to all Suits and con troverfies that by Occasion of the late Distractions have arisen or may arise between all his Subjects; and to the Intent that no Crime whatsoever committed against his Majesty or his Royal Father, shall hereafter rise in Judgement, or be brought in Question, against any of them to the lead Endamagement of them, Either in their Lives, Liberties, Estates, or to the Prejudice of their Reputations, by any Reproach or Term of Distinction; (4) and to bury all Seeds of future Discords and Remembrance of the former, as well in his own Bread as in the Breads of his Subjects one towards another: (?) And in Performance of his Royal and Gracious Word (ignlfied by his Letters to the several Houses of Parliament now assembled, and his Declarations in that Behalf published, is pleasedthat it may be enacted; (6) and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, First, That all and all Manner of Treasons, Misprisions of Treasons, Murders, Felonies, Offences, Crimes, Contempts and Misdemeanours, counselled, commanded, acted or done since the first Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred thirty seven, by any Person or Persons before the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, other than the Persons hereafter by Name excepted, in such Manner as they are hereafter excepted, by Virtue or Colour of any Command, Power, Authority, Commission, Warrant or Instructions from his late Majesty King Charles, or his Majesty that now is, or from any other Person or Persons derivingor pretending to derive Authority, mediately or immediately, fromboth or either of their Majesties, or by Virtue or Colour of any Authority derived mediately or immediately of or from both Houses or either House of Parliament, or of or fromaniy Convention or Allembiy, called or reputed, or taking on them the Name of a Parliament, or by, from or under any Authority styled or known by the Name of the Keepers of Liberty of England by Authority of Parliament, or by Virtue or Colour of any Writ, Commission, Letters Patents, inftcuction.or Instructions of or from any Person or Persons, tituled, reputed or taken to be Lord Protestor of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, or Lord Protestor of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereto belonging, or assuming the Authority, or reputed to be Chief Magistrate of the Commonwealth or Commander in Chief of the Forces or Armies of this Nation, by Sea or Land, or by any Pretence, Warrant or Command whatsoever, from them or any of them, or their or either of their respective Council or Councils, or any Member of such Council or Councils, or from any Person or Persons whatsoever deriving or pretending to derive Authority from them or any of them, be pardoned, released, indemnified, discharged and put in utter Oblivion, "

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II G. u. 167

II. And that all and every the Person and Persons acting, adviiing, assisting, abetting and counselling the same, they, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, (except as before is excepted) be and are hereby pardoned, released, acquitted, indemnified and discharged from the same; (2) And of and from all Pains of Death, and other Pains, Judgments, Indictments, Convictions, Attainders, Outlawries', Penalties, Escheats and Forfeitures, therefore had or given, or that might accrue for the same:

(3) And that all such Judgments, Indictments, Convictions, Attainders, Oudawries, Penalties, Escheats and Forfeitures, and every of them, and all Grants thereupon made, and all Estates derived under the same, be and are hereby declared and enacted to be from henceforth null and void: (4) And that all mean Profits not yet received by such Grantees, shall be and are hereby discharged: And that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their and every of their Heirs, Executors,

Administrators and Successors, shall be and are hereby restored to all and every their Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels and other Things forfeited, which to his Majesty do or shall appertain by Reason of any Offence herein before mentioned, and not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprized.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Appeals, and all personal Actions, Suits, Molestations and Prosecutions whatsoever, for or by Reason of any Act of host.lity, Trespass, Assault, Imprisonment or'

Breach of the Peace, advised, counselled, commanded, appointed, happened, acted or done by reason of the late Troubles, or the late Wars, in his Majesty's Dominions, or relating thereunto, and all Judge

and Executions thereupon had before the hr ft Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty and eight. Hand and be from, henceforth discharged; but not to restore to any Person or Persons any Sums of Money, mean Profits or Goods, already received or taken upon such Execution, or to give any Account for the lame.

IV. And be it likewise enacted, That all Appeals, and all Personal Actions and Causes of such Actions,

Suits, Molestations and Prosecutions whatsoever, for or by Reason of any Act or Thing advised, counselled, commanded, acted or done, by Virtue or Colour of any Authority or Commission granted by his late Majesty, or his Majesty that now is, or by Virtue or Colour of any Order or Ordinance of one or both Houses of Parliament sitting at Westminster; or by any Act or Order made by any Persons affirming the Name of a Parliament, and sitting as a Parliament at Westminster, after the Death of the late King Charles the First; by the Authority of the said Keepers of the Liberties of England; or by any Ordinance of either of the late Protedlors and Council; or by or upon any Commission, Writ, Process or Warrant, by them or any of them, or by Authority derived from them or any of them: (2) And all Demands of Arrearages of Rents, and mean Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments heretofore incurred or grown due, which have been paid, received or disposed by Virtue or Colour of any the Authorities or pretended Authorities aforesaid, other than such Arrearages or mean Profits as are or shall be otherwise disposed by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament, be from henceforth discharged.

V. And it is further by the Authority aforesaid enacted in the second Place, That all and every the'all Appeal Subjects of these his Majesty's Realms of England and Ireland, the Dominion of Wales, the Isles of Jersey Per tonal actiona and Guernsey, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and other his Majesty's Dominions, the Heirs, nd Suits, par Executors and Administrators of them, and every of them, and all and singular Bodies in any Manner e '

of wise corporated, Cities, Boroughs, Shires, Ridings, Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Towns, Villages, Hamlets and Tithings, and every of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them,

shall be and are by the Authority of this present Parliament acquitted, pardoned, released; indemnified and discharged against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and every of them, of and from all Manner of Treasons, Misprisions of Treason, Felonies, Offences, Contempts, Trespasses, Entries,

Wrongs, Deceits, Misdemeanours, Forfeitures, Penalties and Sums of Money, Intrufiofis, mean Profits,

Wardships, Marriages, Reliefs, Liveries, Oujlerle mains, mean Rates, Respites of Homage, Fines and Seizures for Alienation without Licence, Arrearages of Rents (other than the Arrearages of Rents due from the late Farmers, or pretended Farmers, of the Excise or Customs respectively, and other than such arrearages of Rents or mean Profits, as are or shall be otherwise disposed by any Act or Acts of this present Parliament) and of and from all Arrearages of Tenths and first fruits, Fines, post fines, Issues and; Amerciaments, and all Recognizances, Bonds or other Securities given for Payment of them, or any off them, Concealment of Customs and Excise, Arrearages of Purveyance, and of Compositions for the; same; (2) and of and from all Pains of Death, Pains Corporal and pecuniary, and generally of and from all other Things, Causes, Quarrels, Suits, Judgments and Executions in this present Act hereafter not excepted nor foreprized which may be or can be by his Majesty in any wise or by any Means pardoned, before and unto the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, to every or any of his said subjectls, Bodies Corporate, Cities, Boroughs, Shires, Ridings,

Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Towns, Villages and Tithings, or any of them.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Grants and patents since the twenty wa. drtiips amp fifth of March one thousand six hundred forty-one, touching the Wardthip and Custody of the Body and mean profits ua lands, or touching the Marriage of any Heir within Age, and all mean Profits yet unreceived and de — recelte mandableby Reason thereof, shall be and are hereby from henceforth discharged.

VII. And also the King's Majesty is contented, That it be further enacted by Authority of this present.ail Things not' Parliament, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this his said free Pardon, Indemnity and except«dihaiifc«: Oblivion, shall be as good and effectual in the Law to every of his said Subjects, Bodies Corporate, and g^neraavord* others before rehearsed, in, for and against all Things which be not hereafter in this present Act excepted of this Act, as and foreprized, as the same Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion (hold have been, if all Offences, Con vv?ll*s tempts, Forfeitures, Causes, Matters, Suits, Quarrels, Judgments, Executions, Penalties, and all othercu sr name "

168 C II. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

Things not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprized, had been particularly, Angularly, especially and plainly named, rehearsed and specified, and allo pardoned by proper and express Words and Names, in their Kinds, Natures and Qualities, bywords and Terms thereunto requisite to have been put in and expressed in this present Act of Free Pardon, Indemity and Oblivion: (2) And that h.s said Subjects, nor any of them, nor the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any of them, nor the said Bodies Corporate, and others before named and rehearled, nor any of them, be nor shall be sued, vexed or inquieted, by or on the Behalf of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in their Bodies, Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements, for any Manner of Matter, Cause, Contempt, Misdemeanour, Forfeiture, Trespass, Offence, or any other Thing suffered, done or committed, before the said twenty fourth Day of "June one thousand six hundred and sixty, against his late Majesty King Charles, or his Majesty that now is, his Crown, Dignity, Prerogative, Laws or Statutes, but only for such Matters, Causes and Offences, as be excepted and foreprized by this present Act out of the same; any Statute of Statutes, Laws, Customs or Usages heretofore had, made or used to' the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: (3) And that all and every the King's said Subjects, and all and Angular Bodies Corporate, and others before rehearsed, may by him or themselves, or by his or their Deputy or Deputies, or by his or their Attorney or Attorneys, according to the Laws of this Realm, plead and minister this present Act of Free Pardon for his or their Discharge, of or for anything that is by Virtue of this present Act pardoned, discharged, given or granted, without any Fee or other Thing paying to any Person or Persons for Writing or Entry of the Judgments or other Cause concerning such Plea, Writing or Entry, but only sixteen pence to be paid to the Officer or Clerk, that shall enter such Plea, Matter or Judgement for the party's Discharge in that Behalf; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

This Pardon,

VIII. And furthermore, the King's Majesty is contented and pleased, that it be enacted, and be it poundcdh[fail enai^ed by Authority aforesaid, That this his said Free Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion, by the courts'm'oft be general Words, Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed, shall be reputed, deemed, adjudged expourded neficiai for the allowed and taken, in all Manner of Courts of his Highness and elsewhere, most beneficial and available sul jest to all and Angular the said Subjects, Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, and to every or them,

in all Things not in this present Act excepted or foreprized, without any Ambignity, Question or other Delay whatsoever it shall be, to be made, pleaded, objected or alleged by the King our Sovereign Lord, his Heirs or Successors, or by his or any of their General Attorney or Attorneys, or by any Person or Persons for his Highness, or any of his Heirs or Successors.

The Penalty of

IX. And furthermore, be it enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord and the Authority aforesaid, That that shal'1"'^any 0cer or Clerk of any of his Highness Courts, commonly called the Chancery, King's Bench

about todifquiet 2nd Common Pleas, or of his Exchequer, or any other officer or Clerk of any other of his Highness or trouble any Courts within this Realm, at any Time after the Passing of this present Act, make out or write out any b'tto act°netl Manner of Writs, Process, Summons or other Precepts, whereby any of the said Subjects, or of the said y 1s ' Bodies Corporate, or others before rehearsed or any of them, shall be in any wise arrested, attached,

/ distrained, summoned or otherwise vexed, inquieted or grieved, in his or their Bodies, Lands, Tenements,

Goods or Chattels, or in any of them, for or because of any Manner of Thing pardoned or discharged by Virtue of this Act of free Pardon: (2) Or if any Sheriff or Escheator, or any of their j Deputy or Deputies, or any Bailiff or other Officer whatsoever, by Colour of his or their Office or otherwise, after, the Passing of this present Act, do levy, receive, take or withhold of or from any Person or Persons, anything pardoned or discharged by this Act: (3) That then every such Person so offending, and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficienttcftimony, Witness or Proof, shall yield and pay for Recompence thereof to the Party so grieved or off ended thereby, his or their treble Damages, besides all Costs of the Suit; (4) and shall also forfeit and lose to the King's Majesty for every such Default, ten Pounds: (3) And nevertheless, all and Angular such Writs, Process and Precepts so to be made for cr upon any Manner of Thing pardoned or discharged by this present Act of Free Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion, shall be utterly void and of none Effect.

All Murders not X Except and always foreprized out of this Free and General Pardon, all Murders done or committed comprised in tim by any Person or Persons, other than such which are pardoned and discharged in the first Clause of Pardon this pardon°ex abovementioned; and also excepted and always foreprized out of this General and Free Pardon, all cepted. and every Offences of Piracy and Robbery upon the Seas, not done in Relation to the Differences and

Piracy excepted. Wars aforesaid, and every Procuring or Abetting of any such Offenders, and the Comforting and Receiving of them or any of them, or any Goods taken by Way of such Piracy or Robbery upon the Seas Buggery. as aforesaid, (3) And also excepted the detestable and abominable Vice of Buggery committed with Mankind or Bead: (4) And also excepted all Rapes and carnal Ravishments of Women: (3) And also ex tupcsarmwii cepted all Ravishments and wilful taking away or marrying of any Maid, Widow or Damsel against her any M; !id Will, or without the Assent or Agreement of her Parents or such as then had her in Custody; and also cepreri. all Offences of Aiding, Comforting, Procuring and Abetting of any such Ravishment, wilful Taking or

Double Mar Marrying, had, committed or done: (6) And also excepted all Offences made Felony by a certain Act rijgcs excepted. maje an[j ordained, intituled, An Act to refrain all Persons from Marriages until their former ipives cepredcraft ex" <tnd former Hujbmids be dead: (7) And also except all Offences of Invocations, Conjurations, witch ijac. r. c. 11. crafts, Sorceries, Enchantments and Charms; and all Offences of Procuring, Abetting or Comforting of the same; (8) and all Persons now attainted or convicted of any of the said excepted Offences: (9) And. Accounts of aif0 excepted all and Angular the Accounts of all and every Person and Persons appointed by any of the "and Re Ur" Authorities or pretended Authorities aforesaid, to be Treasurer, Receiver, Farmer or Collector, (other celvers. than the sub collectors of the several Parishes, Towns and Hamlets respectively, for and concerning

iicsr. their p.eceipts. before the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six siat'c'3 I hundred

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C II 169

hundred fifty-nine) who have received or collected any Subsidy, Custonn Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, prize (joods, Assessments, Sequestration, New Import or Excise, or of any the Rents and Revenues of any Lands or Hereditaments, of or belonging unto the late King, Queen or Prince, or King that now is, or belonging unto the late Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, Deans, or Deans and Chapters,

Canons, Prehends, and other Officers belonging to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, or Popish re cufants convict, or of Persons sequestered for their Recuuncy, or other sequestered Estates received or collected by or paid unto them since the thirtieth of "January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty-two; and of all Moneys and other Duties grown due or contracted upon the Sale or Disposition of them or any of them.

XI. Provided, That the Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Tertenants of the Lands of any Ac Provisofor the countant within this Exception now deceased, shall not be charged with, nor liable unto any Account for Lands ac°f the Matters in this Exception mentioned, except for such Sum or Sums of Money as remain due upon counts ms ox any of their Accounts already dated and determined, and are not yet paid in: (z) And that noac cepted. countant as abovesaid, now living, hall be liable to make Account of any Sum or Sums of Money paid

or disbursed, or otherwise allowed or discharged, by Virtue or Colour of any Order or Ordinance of both or either House or Houses of Parliament, or any Convention or Assembly called or reputed, or taking on them the Name of a Parliament, or of Oliver Cromwell, pretended Protestor, or of Richard his Son, while he continued or was styled or obeyed as Protector, or by any Persons acting as a Committee appointed by the said two Houses or either of them, or by any such Convention or Assembly, or any Order or Direction of such Committee or Committees, or any Person or Persons acting as a public Counsel, though having no legal Authority so to do, or by their or any their Order or Orders, or Direction.

XII. It being further declared and enacted, and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fees and Saia person or Persons shall be charged for any Moneys by him received for the Fees, Salaries and Wages jjnojt0 then allowed, or for Moneys by him dilourfed upon any public Use or Pretence, though the Di for. ° e redlion or Authority whereby the same Money was issued, was not or be not legal and warrantable in Law.

XIII. And be it further provided, That no Military or commissioned Officer of the Annies or Military pjy navies, or Soldier or Mariner, who before the twenty-fifth of March one thousand six hundred fifty-nine ments not to !e hath received any Moneys for his own Pay or the Pay of other Soldiers, or for any other Contingencies accounted for of the Soldiers or Garrisons under his Command, or by Way of Reward, shall be called to account therefore.

XIV. And that no Person whatsoever shall be called to an Account for any the Matters in this Ex No Person to be ception mentioned, after the four and twentieth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord coumaster the God one thousand six hundred sixty and two now next ensuing; and that in Case any Person who 4th of June (lands accountable for any Moneys received since the first of January one thousand six hundred forty 1661.

two, and before the thirtieth of January one thousand six hundred forty-eight, have been robbed or plundered by Soldiers or others, of the Moneys in their Hands, or of any Notes or Books of Receipts or Acquittances touching their Payments or Discharge, then the Oath or Oaths of such Party or Parties of the same respectively, shall be a good Discharge for so much of their Account: (3) And that the Oath of every Accountant in or between the Years one thousand six hundred forty-two and one thousand six hundred forty-eight, of what they have paid to any public Use, by or according to any public or pretended Order or Authority whatsoever, shall be a good Discharge, as to so much of the Account of such Person or Persons: And except all first fruits and Tenths in the Hands of any Receiver not having disbursed as in the last Exception is expressed.

XV. Provided, That all and every Judgement of Discharge, or Quietus eft, had or given at any Time Dischargesand upon any Account in the Public Exchequer, since the Year one thousand six hundred forty-eight, be ^h^fxehe?*1* allowed and shall not be avoided; (2) except all Accounts of the Revenues of Churches and Vicarages quer.

in Wales and the County of Monmouth, and all Judgments of Discharge or fthiietus thereupon obtained: Recounts of the And also excepted out of this Pardon all Offences of Bribery, Perjury and the Subornation of Perjury churches in or Witnesses, and Offences of Forging or Counterfeiting any Deeds, Debentures, Bills of public Faith, Wales. Escripts, Wills or other Writings whatsoever, or of any Examinations or Testimonies of any Witness or Bribery, Subor witnesses, tending to bring any Person or Persons in danger of his Life, Liberty or Estate, and the debentnres^&c giving the same in Evidence, and the Counselling or Procuring of any such Counterfeiting or Forging to Witnesses.' be had or made

XVI. And also excepted all Offences in detaining, imbezilling of purloining any the Goods, Money, imbeziliing and Chattels or Jewels of the late King, Queen or Prince, or any of the Children of the late King and {ang toiodsi Queen, other than Shipping, Stores and Ammunitions of War, and other than such Goods and Chattels 0

as have been sold or disposed of to any of the Servants or Creditors of his late Majesty, in or toward satis faction of their Debts or Wages.

XVII. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Issues, Fines and Amerciaments, Rents and other issues. Fines and public Duties, being levied, received or collected by any Sheriff, under sheriff, Bailiff, Minister or a mere jam en other Officer, to or for the Use of the late King, the Parliament or the said Keepers of the Liberty of 'J "lvedbyshe' England, or any other Person Ailing himself Proteflor, or for his Majesty that now is, and not accounted for and discharged.

XVIII. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and every Offence and, Offences committed or done Jesuits, semina by any Jesuit, Seminary or Romish Priest whatsoever, contrary to the Tenor or Effefl of the Statute made priest"ex^epte? in the even and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against s "eiiz! C i, Jesuits, Seminary Priejls and other disobedient Persons or of any Part thereof, and all Outlawries, Proceedings, Judgments and Executions for the same Offences, or any of them.

II

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A. d.1660.

ion.

The Party outlawed may sue out a Scire facias against the Plaintiff. Persons outlawed

except 2c Car, § '9-

Obligation and Recognisance riot yet forfeited.

All Atts of ho ftility. Injuries, C between the King and his Parliament to be put in per

Writs of c>pias

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law b dnefts 'y to and fr afi and every Clerk and other Officer of the Courts at Westminster to award and make gain it any Per Writs of Capias Utlagatum, at the Suit of the Party Plaintiff, against such Persons outlawed as be pardoned by this Act, to the Intent to compel the Defendant or Defendants to make ani wer to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs at whose Suit he or they were outlawed; and that every Person so outlawed shall sue out?a Writ of Scire facias against the Party or Parties at whose Suit he or they were so outlawed, before this Pardon in that Behalf shall be allowed to him or them so outlawed, renons un.wcu XX Provided, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act of General Pardon shall upon capias adu not in any wise extend to pardon any Outlawries upon any Writ of Capias ad satisfadendum, until such satisfaciendum. Time as the Party so outlawed shall satisfy or otherwise agree with the Party at whose Suit the same informations Person was so outlawed or condemned.

and Proceedings

XXI. And also excepted out of this Pardon all Informations and other Proceedings depending, aeon concerning ccrning any common Highways or Bridges, and all iitues returned upon anyprocefs concerning the same, Highways, C fmce, pe thirtieth Day of January one thousand six hundred forty-eight, (2) except also all Recog. C 5. nizances. Obligations and other Securities given or entered into fmce the five and twentieth of March one thousand six hundred and forty, by any Receiver, Reeve, Bailiff, Cclleftor or other Accountant in the Court of the public Exchequer, and their Sureties, and their Accounts respectively.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to pardon or discharge any Recognisance, Obligation or Bond, which is not yet forfeited.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of Hostility and Injuries, whether between the late King and the Lords and Commons then in Parliament assembled, or between any of the people of this Nation, which did arise upon any Action, Attempt, Assistance, Counsel or Advice, having Relation unto, or falling out by Reason of the late Troubles, or in the late Wars or

e uai Oblivion Differences between the late King and Parliament, or between his now Majesty, or any of his

P ua ivion. gupjc(q s anc] which are not in this Act excepted; that the same and whatsoever hath ensued thereupon, whether trenching upon the Laws and Liberties of this Nation, or upon the Honour of his Majesty, or - upon the Honour or Authority of the Parliament, or to the Prejudice of any particular or private Person, shall in no Time from and after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand hundred and sixtyp he called in Question, whatsoever be the Quality of the Person, or of whatsoever Kind or Degree, Civil or Criminal, the Injury is supposed to be; and that no Mention be made thereof in Time to come, in Judgement or Judicial Proceedings.

The Penalty

XXIV. And to Hie Intent and Purpose that all Names and Terms of Distinction may be likewise put upon any person into utter Oblivion, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, within the Space of three Years next ensuing, fitall presume maliciously to call or allege of, or object ufeany worcis against any other Person or Persons, any Name or Names, or other Words of Reproach, any Way of Reproach or tending to revive the Memory of the late Differences, or the Occasions thereof, that then every such Disgrace, tend Person so as aforesaid offending, shall forfeit and pay unto the Party grieved, in Case such Party offend r Memory of the fog shall be of the Degree of a Gentleman or above, ten Pounds; and if under that Degree, the Sum of late Diffeiences. forty Shillings; (2) to be recovered by the Party grieved, by Action of Debt to be therefore brought h any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be a! ' lowed, or any more than one Imparlance, so as the same Action be commenced or prosecuted within six Months next after the Offence committed; (3) and if the Jury sworn to try any Issue or iitues that shall be joined in such Action, shall find for the Plaintiff, they shall likewise give to every such Plaintiff forty Shillings Damages over and above the Penalty aforesaid.

Persons plotting

XXV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to give r mptf'1'1" any benefit unto anyperlon or Persons who have had any Hand in the plotting, contriving or designing excepted an the great and heinous Rebellion of Ireland, mentioned in one Act passed in the Parliament begun at 16 Cir. /, C j3. Westminster the third Day of November in the sixteenth Year of king Charles, intituled, An Act for the fbeedy and effectiun Reducing of the Rebels in his Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland to their due Obedience to Its'majesty and Crown of England, or in aiding, ailifting or abetting the same; (other than such as by another Act intended hereafter to be passed shall be therein named, mentioned or expressed to be pardoned); (2) nor to inure to restore to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, (other than the Marquess of Ormond, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, and other the Protestants of Ireland, and their Heirs', and such other Person and Persons _ in and by an Act intended hereafter to be pasted shall be therein named, mentioned or expressed in that Behalf) any Estate, Liberties, Frqnchises or Hereditaments in England or Ireland, sold or disposed of by both or either Koufes of Parliament, or any Convention assuming the Style or Name of a Parliament, or any Person or Persons deriving Authority from them or any of them, or which was approved or confirmed by them or any of them; nor to the mean Profits, Rents or Contingencies of Advantage of the same.

Every Person

XXVI. And it is further provided and enacted, That every Person or Persons hereby pardoned, may pardoned may plead the General Issue without special Pleading of this Pardon, and give this Act of Pardon in Evidence raiiffae* Gere"cr his Discharge, and that the same shall be thereupon allowed, and the Advantage thereof had as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been fully and well pleaded, and in such Manner as any Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer, questioned for Matters acted by them as Officers, or in Execution of their Offices, may have advantage of the Matter of their Justification upon the General. Issue by them pleaded, by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom..'.

Thefts and Fe

XXVII. Provided also, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend of be inter jones note u e pre ted to extend to pardon any Person or Persons whatsoever for any Theft, or Healing of any Goods,

- 8. -'or

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo ca&olx It C II 171

or other Felonies, since the fourth Day of March in the Year of out Lord cfiie thousand sixth ndred h of March fifty and nine; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with 1659> tx=«p'ec) landing

Provided also, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to This a a not to acquit or discharge any Person or Persons from making Reiiitution of all such Rents, Sums of Money, extend to Goods Horses, Cattle or other Goods, which by a certain at5f, or pretended Act lately made, intituled,p0,

An Act for Repeal of two Acts for S'cqttcjlraliens, are required to be feftored to those from whom Repeal of two they were taken; (2) nor shall this present Act be construed to disable or bar the respective Owners or sc<luc"

Proprietors of and from their several and respective Actions or Suits at Law or in Equity, for or by, auons* Reason of the said or any other Rents, Moneys, Horses, Cattle or Goods, which, fmce the five and twentieth Day of July one thousand fix' hundred fifty and nine have been by any Person or Persons wrongfully received or taken away, and for which the said wrong Doers are not in any wise indemnified by the said or any other Act of Repeal.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who by Goods, C k

Virtue of any Order or Warrant, mediately or immediately derived from his late Majesty, or his 'ptivwito" Majesty that now is, dr by Virtue of any Act, Ordinance or Order of any or both Houses of Parliament, pubtek

or any of the Authorities aforesaid, or any Committee or Committees acting under them or any of them, Treasury. have seized, sequestered, levied, advanced or paid to any public Use, or into any public Treasury within this Kingdom, any Goods, Chattels, Debts, Rents, 'Sum or Sums of Money, belonging to any Person or Persons Whatsoever, shall hereafter be sued, molested or drawn into Question for the farfie, but that they and every of them shall be discharged against all Perforts, for so mudh and no mote of the said Goods, Chattels, Debts, 'Rents, Sum or Sums of Money, as their several and respective Orders of Discharge or Acquittances extend unto.

XXX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to discharge any Person or Persons Persons who

who have been by private Order or Instructions employed and intruded, or have undertaken the Eiripve receive ploymerit, to receive any Sum or Sums of Money for the King's majesty's Service or Supply, since the toh^ajesty'* Year one thousand six hundred forty and eight, from making their Accounts for the same.'- Supply, to ac

XXXI. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend tb pardon or discharge from Account to the "lb C

Majesty any Person or Persons, for any Sum or Sums of Money received for that illegal Tax of upon Decimation Decimation, or upon the Account of any Militia settled or acted in, since one thousand six hundred not pardoned, forty and eight, and not accounted for or paid over, or discharged to or by any that had Authority or.

pretended Authority to discharge the respective Receivers of the lame.

XXXII. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons, being his Majesty's menial Servant Or Servants, Persons that or having or pretending to have received particular Instructions or directions from his Majesty, have, ave w«c during the Time of such his or their Relation unto his Majesty, or whilfi he or they were acting or pre fions from Ws=* tending, to act for his Majesty's Interest, in Pursuance of the said Instructions or Directions; wilfully, Majesty, and' maliciously and traitorously held Intelligence with any foreign Prince or Princes, State or States, or with have betrayed, any Person or Persons umrping _ Supreme Authority in this kingdom or other his; majesty's Dominions,

or with their or either of their Ministers or Agents, and without his Majesty's Licence, and to the Intent Councils, CX

to betray his Majesty's Person or Councils, or have received any Sum or Sums of Money, or Pension for cep!ed*

such Treachery; that then such Person or Persons, as to the Offence in this Proviso mentioned, shall be and and is hereby exedpted out of this Act; tiny Thing herein contained, to the' contrary, not with

fianding; fc as such Person or Persons be outlawed, or otherwise legally convicted of such Offence or Offences, within the Space of two Years from the five and twentieth Day of 4prf one thousand six

hundred and sixty.'r '. 1

XXXIII. Provided, That this Act of General Pardon, or anything therein contained, shall not Duties of ex extend to the pardoning or discharging of any Debts or Sums of Money due to or fdr the ex cife of any farmsrsthe°reof, Goods or Merchandise, whereof any Entries have been made in the customhouse, which have grown exctp ted,

due since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred fifty and eight, or to the pardoning or discharging of any Debts or Sums of Money due to the Farmers' or pretended Farmers of Excise, since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred and fifiy seven.

XXXIV. Provided also, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to Pardon, perf )n! 3'{cjpt* Discharge, or give any other Benefit, whatsoever unto^/w' Life, jfillidm Say, sirhardress Waller, valentine*d by ane' Walton, Thomas Harrison, Edward Whalley, William Heven mgham, 1/aac Penhmton, Henry Martin,

John Barkfead, Gilbert Millington, Edmond Ludlow, Sir michaellivefey, Robert Tichbourn, Owen Row, '

Robert Lubourn, Adrian Scroops John Okey, Joint Hewson, William Gosse, Cornelius Holland, Thomas Challoner, John Carew, John Jones, Miles Corbet, Henry Smith, Gregory Clement, Thomas Wogan,

Edmond Harvey, Thomas Scot, William Cazvley, John Downs, Nicholas Love, Vincent Potter, augujune 1

Garland, John Dixwel, George Fleetivood, Simon Mcyn, James Tem, le, Peter Temple, Daniel Blagrave,

Thomae Wait, John Cook, Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy, William Hewlet Hugh Peters, Francis

Hacker, Daniel Axtel, nor any of them, nor to' those two persons, or either of them, who being disguised

by Frocks and Vizors, did appear upon the Scaffold erected before Whitehall upon the thirtieth of

January one thousand six hundred forty and eight; (2) All Which Persons for their execrable Treason in,

il ntencing to Death, or signing the Instrument for the horrid Murder, or being inffrumental in taking

away the precious List of our late' Sovereign Lord Charles the Firs, of glorious Memory, are left to be

proceeded against as Traitors to his late Majesty according to the Laws of England, and are out of this'

present Act wholly excepted and foreprized.

XXXV. But in regard the said Given Rozv, augujune Garland, Edmond Harvey, Henry Smith, Henry P

' Martin, Sir Hardress Waller, Robert Titchbourn, George Fleetwood, Janus Temple, Thomas Wait, Simob 5'edwnituves"

Z 2 ' Mcyn,

1 72

C II

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

' Meyn, William Heveningham, Isaac Pennington, Peter Temple, Robert Lilburn, Gilbert Millington, Vincent Potter, Thomas Wogan and John Downs, have personally appeared and rendered themselves, (according to the Proclamation bearing Date the sixth Day of June one thousand six hundred and sixty, to summon the Persons therein named, who gave Judgement and assisted in the said horrid and detestable Murder of our said late Sovereign, to appear and render themselves) and do pretend thereby to some Favour, upon some conceived doubtful Words in the said Proclamation;

XXXVI. Be it enacted by this present Parliament, and the Authority of the same, (upon the humble Desires of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled) That if the said Owen Row, Augustine Garland, Edmond Harvey, Henry Smith, Henry Martin, Sir Hardref Waller, Robert Titchbourn, George Fleetwood, James Temple, Thomas Wait, Simon Meyn, William Heveningham, Isaac Pennington, Peter Temple, Robert Lilburn, Gilbert Millington, Vincent Potter, Thomas Wogan, and John Downs, or any of them, shall be legally attainted for the Horrid Treason and Murder aforesaid; then nevertheless the Execution of the said Person and Persons so attained shall be suspended, until his Majesty by the Advice and Assent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament shall order the Execution, by Act of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose.

XXXVII Except also out of this present Act Oliver Cromwell deceased, Henry Ireton deceased, John Brad jloaw deceased, and Thomas Pride deceased.

The Lands and XXXVIII Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to discharge the Lands, Tene goods of the ments, Goods, Chattels, Rights, Trusts, and other the Hereditaments late of the said Oliver Cromwell, themselvesnot5 Henry Ireton, John Bradshaw, and Thomas Pride, or of Isaac Ewer deceased, Sir John Danvers deceased, excepted. Sir Thomas Maleverer, Baronet deceased, William Purefoy deceased, John Blakjston deceased, Sir William Constable, Baronet deceased, Richard Dean deceased, Francis Allen deceased. Peregrine Pelham deceased, John Moor deceased, John Aldred, alias Alured, deceased, Humphry Edwards deceased. Sir Gregory Norton, Baronet, deceased, John Venn deceased, Thomas Andrews, Alderman, deceased, Anthony Stapely deceased. Horton deceased, John Fry deceased, Thomas Hamond deceased, Sir John Bourchier deceased, of and from such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as by one other Act of Parliament intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose, shall be exprdfed and declared.

XXXIX. And also excepted out of this present Act, William Lord Monson, James Challoner, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, John Phelps and Robert Wallop: All which Persons did act and sit in that traitorous altembly, which in the Month of January one thousand six hundred forty-eight acted and proceeded against the Life of our late Sovereign King Charles the First of blessed Memory, and are therefore reserved to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, notextending to Life, as by another Act intended to be passed for that Purpose shall be imposed on them.

XL. And also except Sir Arthur Haflrig, for and in Respect only of such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, not extending to Life, as by one Act intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose shall be inflicted and imposed.

XLI. Provided always, That John Hutchison, Esq; and Francis Laffels, shall be and are hereby made

incapable of any for ever uncapabk to execute any Place or Office of Trust Civil or Military within this Kingdom: And Office. that the said Francis Laffels shall pay unto our Sovereign Lord the King one full year's Value of his

Estate; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sir Henry Vane,.

XLII. Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained shall not extend to the John Lambert, pardoning, or to give any other Benefit whatsoever, unto Sir Henry Vane, John Lambert, or either of excepted. them, but that they, and either of them, are and shall be out of this present Act wholly excepted and foreprized.

Penalty of cer XLIII Provided, That if William Lenthal, William Burton, Oliver Saint john, John Ireton, Alder

tain Persons, if man, Colonel William Sydenham, Colonel John Defborow, John Blackwell of Moreclack, Christopher Pack, tti^iirit'of3sept Alderman, Richard Keeble, Charles Fleetzuood, John Pyne, Richard Dean, Major Richard Creed, Philip 1660. accept P'Hie, Clerk, John Goodivin, Clerk, Sir Gilbert Pickering, Colonel Thomas Lyster, and Colonel Ralph ccb any office. bet, shall after the first Day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty, accept or exercise any Office Ecclesiastical, Civil or Military, or any other public Employment, within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed; That then such Person or Persons as do so accept or execute, as aforesaid, shall to all Intents and Purposes in Law Hand as if he or they had been totally excepted by Name in this Act. 25 Car. 2. C 5.

Persons that

XLIV. Provided likewise. That all those who since the fifth of December one thousand six hun gave Sentence dred forty-eight, did give Sentence of Death upon any Person or Persons in any of the late illegal and ty uk°n I hi 'h the rancal High Courts of Justice in England or Wales, or signed the Warrant for Execution of any Person Courts of juf there condemned, (except Colonel Richard Ingoldfby and Colonel Matthew Tomlinson) shall be and are hereby made incapable of bearing any Office, Ecclesiastical, Civil or Military, within the Kingdom of England or Dominion of Wales, or of serving as a Member in any Parliament, after the first day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty.

XLV. Provided also, and it is enacted, That all and every the Persons appointed Trusteesin a late ed by Ordinance pretended Act or Ordinance made in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty-nine, for and Titfies ^ffiallbe concern ns Tithes appropriate, Oblations, Obveniions, Pensions, Portions of Tithes appropriate, of accountable, ferings. fee-farm Rents issuing out of the Tithes therein mentioned, first fruits and other Things, and enacted, or mentioned to be enacted, to be veiled, settled, adjudged or deemed to be in the actual Seisin or possession of such Person and Persons in the said pretended Act or Ordinance mentioned, and their Heirs, shall account for and be responsible for all Rents and Profits of the Premises which came to their Hands, and have not been by the said Trustees or their Order disbursed, disposed or employed for the Maintenance of Ministers or other Uses, according to the said pretended Act or Ordinance, or some

8 other

Persons excepted for other Pe. nalcies, not extending to Life. 13 Car. 2, Stat. I. C 15.

Persons made

tice.

Persons intrust

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

173

A.D. 1660.

C 11.

other act, Order or Ordinance made in the Years of our lord one thousand six hundred fifty, one thousand six hundred fifty-four, and one thousand six hundred fifty six, by any Assembly called or reputed a Parliament, or afliiming the Power of a Parliament, according to the Intention of such Act, Acts or Ordinances: (2) And the Agents and Receivers under the Order of the said.trustees, and the Occupiers and Tenants of the Premises, who have taken the Premises or Profits thereof into their Hands without Agreement to pay Rent therefore, and have made no Account or Satisfaction to the Trustees aforesaid, or to some other by their Order; (3) and also the Persons who have held the same, or taken the Profits thereof, under any Agreement to pay Rent or Money for the same, and have not paid the same, shall respectively account, pay and make Satisfaction for lb much of the Premises, and Profits of the pre (miffcs, as are unsatisfied or unaccounted for, as aforesaid, and pay such Arrearages of Rents or Money, as by such Agreement remaineth unpaid by them (4) all which Payments and Accounts shall be made to such Persons, and in such Manner as in Parliament shall be directed: (5) Nevertheless, it is not hereby intended that any Miriifter, school malter or other Person., for whose Rendu and Maintenance the said pretended Acts or Ordinances were made, shall be accountable or liable to make Satisfaction for any Profits, Rents or Sums of Money paid to or taken by them respectively, by Virtue or Colour of any Order or Appointment of the said Trustees, or any of them, or otherwise.

XLVI. Providedalfo. That this act do not extend to pardon any Bond taken in his late majesty's Bordstakenin Name before the Month of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, for securing the proper Debt of hu majesty's any Servant or Receiver of the Revenue of his said late Majesty, that hath not been paid to, or by Order of, some lawful or pretended Authority. And whereas by an Order of the six and twentieth Day of May Securities of in the Year one thousand six hundred forty-one, the then House of Commons in Parliament did accept any his Ma ' the Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, as a Composition from the Farmers of several {fotpldom dr Customs voted to be illegally taken, and some of the said Farmers did procure and pay the said whole C

Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds at the Desire of the said House of Commons, and upon their Declaration, That such of the said Farmers as did not pay their Proportions, Should not be par doned, but proceeded against, and out of their Fines Satisfaction Should be made to those who had paid the said one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; and in Pursuance thereof did on the first of June then next following, resolve, That the Estates of such Persons, living or dead, as have by Colour of any Patent received Moneys from the Subject, under Pretence of such Customs, or have been Under lharers with the Patentees, ought to be made liable to Restitution

XLVII It is therefore provided, That this act shall not extend, nor be construed to extend to par Paymi; nt upsn don or indemnify any Person or Persons, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who have Proportions of not paid their Proportions of the said one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or ought to have been con ioo! "p°n tributory thereunto, from or against Misdemeanours or Offences relating to the said Customs, or from the Cu "cm Payment of their Proportions: But that the Estates of the Dead, as well as of the Living, of such who ought to have been contributory, in whose Possession soever (Purchasers bona fide, and upon valuable con liderations only excepted) shall continue and be charged and chargeable with the Payment of their Proportions, to all Intents and Purposes as if this act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. Provided also, That this act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be con Arrears of ex strued to pardon or discharge any Sum or Sums of Money due and arrear for Excise of Beer, Ale, or cif!i on Beer other native or inland Commodity, since the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred fifty an e' and nine.

XLIX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to the pardoning or discharg moni'a duefo? ing of any Sum or Sums of Money due from any' Officers or Soldiers to any of the Subjects of this King Free Quarters, dom for Free Quarter, since the second Day of July one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, or to discharge any Moneys borrowed by any Officers for preventing of Free Quarter.

L Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Conveyance, Assurance, Purchasers bona; Grant, Bargain, Sale, Charge, Lease, Assignment of Lease, Grants and Surrenders by Copy of Court fideof Lands, Roll, Estate, Interest, Trust, or Limitation of any Use or Uses of any Manors, Lands, Tenements Kin'

or Hereditaments, not being the Lands nor Hereditaments of the late King, Queen, Prince, or of any enjoy their pur

Archbishops, Bishops, Deans, Deans or Chapters, nor being Lands or Hereditaments sold or given, chases,

or appointed to be sold or given, for the Delinquency, or pretended Delinquency of any Person or Persons whatsoever, by Virtue or Pretext of any act, Order or Ordinance, or reputed act, Order or Ordinance, since the first Day of January oxiz. thousand six hundred forty and one; (2) Nor any Statute, Judgement or Recognisance, had, made, acknowledged or suffered to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, by any of the Persons before in this act by Name excepted, or their Heirs, or by any other Person or Persons claiming by, from or under them or any of them, other than the Wife or Wives, Child,

Children, Heir or Heirs of such Person and Persons, or any of them, for Money bona fide to them or' any of them paid or lent, nor any Conveyance, Assurance, Grant or Estate made before the five and twentieth Day of April one thousand six hundred and sixty, by any Person or Persons to any such Person, or Persons excepted by Name, as aforesaid, in Tract: and for the Benefit of any other Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, not excepted by Name, as aforesaid, shall be impeached, defeated, madevoid, orfruftrated hereby, or by the Attainder or Conviction of any such excepted Person or Persons; but that the same shall be held and enjoyed by the Purchasers, Grantees, Lessees, Assigns, Cejluy que use, cefluy quetrufi, and every of them, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, as if this act had not been made, and as if the said Person or Persons had not been excepted, attainted or convicted; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI. Pro

174

C 12.

Fabric lands, CL urch Goods and Utensils.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. j66q.

LI. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not extertd to indemnify any Person or Persons whatsoever, who have entered into any Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, called Fabric Lands, or possess themselves of any Rent or Revenues given for the Repair of any Cathedral or other Church, or who have sacrilegiously enriched themselves by converting the Plate, or Utensils and Materials, of or belonging to any such Churches, to their own private Use and Advantage, for or in respect of the said Crimes only. 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 7.

CAP. XII.

An Act for Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings.

What Acts and "O^enaoled, and it is enacted by his Majesty, and the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, froccedingsdiaii j3 and by the Authority of the same, That no Fines, nor final Concords, Chirographs, nor Prod amino t be avoided, fions of Fines, nor any Recoveries, Verdicts, Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances, nor Inrolments of any Deeds or Wills, or of any such Fines, Proclamations, Recoveries, Verdicts, Judgments, Statutes or Recognizances, nor any Exemplifications of them nor any of them, nor any Inquisitions, Indictments, Presentments, Informations, Decrees, Sentences, Probats of Wills, nor Letters of Administration, nor any Writs, or Actings on or Returns of Writs, Orders or other Proceedings in Law or Equity, had, made, given, taken or done, or depending, in the Courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Upper Bench, Common Pleas and Court of Exchequer, and Court of Exchequer chamber, or any of them, sitting at Westminster, or in the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales., the Courts of any Counties Palatine or Duchy of Lancaster, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in any other inferior Courts of Law or Equity, or by any the Judges, Clerks, Officers, Sheriffs, Coroners or Ministers, or others acting in Obedience to them or any of them, or by any the Courts of Admiralty, Delegates, Justices of Affile, Nisi prius, Oyer and Terminer, gaol delivery, Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Sewers, Bankrupts, or Charitable Uses, nor any Actings, Process, Proceedings nor Executions thereupon had, made, given, done or suffered in the Kingdom of England fmee the first of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, shall be avoided fqr Want or Defect of any legal Power in the said Courts, Judges, Commissioners, Justices of any of them.;

(2) or for or by Reason that the premiites or any of them were commenced, prosecuted, had, made, held or used in the Name, Stiie or Title of the late King, or in the Name, Style, Title or ft eft of Custodes Libertatis Anglia Authoritate Parliamenti, or in the Name, Style, Title or Test of The Keepers of the Liberty of England by Authority of Parliament, 'or in the Name, Style, Title or Tell of Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, 'or of Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and e the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, 'or the Name, Style, Title or Test of Richard '4 Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, 'and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, 'or for or by Reason of any Alteration of the said Names, Styles or Titles:

(3) Or for that the said Fines, Recoveries, Process, Pleadings, Proceedings and other Things before mentioned, or the Entry and Inrolment of them or any of them, were in the Latin or English Tongue';

(4) but that all and every such fines, Recoveries and other Things abovementioned, and the Actings, Doings and Proceedings thereupon, shall be of such and of no other Force, Effect and Virtue, than as if such Courts, Judges, Justices, Commissioners, Officers and Ministers, had acted by Virtue of a true, just and legal Authority, and as if the same and the Entry and Inrolment thereof were in Latin, and as II the several Acts and Ordinances or pretended Acts or Ordinances made by both or either Houses of Pari

lament, or any Convention assembled under the Name of a Parliament, or by Oliver Cromwell late (tiled Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions thereto belonging, and his Council warranting or directing such Proceedings, had been good, true and effectual Acts of Parliament.

Fines levied '

II. And whereas, since the Death of the late King, several Fines have been levied, without any Entr; without Entry < or due Entering of any Sum j^aict pro licentia concordandi, commonly called the King's Silver, and withou, eordln"; 1'1'c0-'*Entry or due Entry of any Sum given to the Party for the Concord; (2) And also whereas in the Tern;

1 Gcv. z Sat, j. C of St. Michael hst past, several P ines were levied and recorded in the Court of Common Pleas befon «. i.f=dt. 4. < qne Judge only of the said Court: '

III. Be it enacted, That the said Fines and Proclamations thereupon, and every of them, shall be good and effectual, notwithstanding.g the Defects aforesaid.

Fmes and Reco

IV. And be it a!so further enacted, That all Fines, Proclamations offines, Recoveries, and other ju ut Cvn! mnun. dicial Proceedings in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, since the Death of his late Majesty King, l>jrinm. J ' Charles the First, had, levied or suffered, of any Lands lying in the County Palatine of Durham, shall be»good and effectual, notwithstanding the said Lands were lying in the said County Palatine.

Tiie illegal Acts V. Provided, That this Actor anything therein contained shall not be construed, deemed or adjudged i arliw hmi nss to mace good, allow, confirm or countenance any tyre Proceedings in the late illegal and unwarranted High Court 01 /iftee Courts of Justice, or so called, or any of them: (2) C And whereas since the first Day of May in the Year not allowed. ' of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty-one, and before the five and twentieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, there were diverse Persons that adhered to both Houses of Parliament, who, for or in respect of such their Adherence, were indicted, charged or im peached of i reason: whereas since the said first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty-one, and before the said five and twentieth Day of April in the Year of our

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 12.

175

Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, diverse Persons who adhered to his Majesty, or to the late King, were for lueh their Adherence, charged, impeached or indicted of High Treason

VI. Be it further provided and enacted, That the said Charges, Impeachments, Indictments, and all indictments.ic; xigents, Outlawries, Convictions and Attainders thereupon, and all Letters Patents and Grants there p^eupjn made pon made, of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, escheated or forfeited by Reason of void.

ich Attainder, and all Title to any Mesne Profits by Reason of such Conviction, Outlawry, Attainder r Grant, be from henceforth repealed and discharged: (z) And that all Escheats, Forfeitures and Conical ions, by Reason of such Outlawries, Conviction or Attainder, be and are hereby restored unto such ersons so outlawed, convicted or attainted, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators respectively, as if o such Attainder had been.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That this Actor anything herein contained shall not Sales mirfehy xtendto avoid or confirm any Sales or Estates made by Virtue or Pretence of any Act, Order or Ordi Oidinance of ance, or reputed Act, Order or Ordinance of Parliament, since the first Day of May iit the Year of our parliament. lord one thousand six hundred forty-two, nor any Confirmation thereof made or to be made thereof in

ris present Parliament, but that such Sales (land and be in the same Plight and Condition as they (hold r might have done, if this Act had not been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Recognizances, Obligations or rfcognizarc s, there Securities, made or given to the Keepers of the Liberty of England by Authority of Parliament, or

} Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions Jhe late Protec

rereunto belonging, or to Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, tors.

nd the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, or to Richard Lord Protector of the Common

wealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, and

ot pardoned or discharged by any Act passed or to be passed this present Parliament or otherwise, (other

han such Recognizances, Obligations and Securities, as have been made and given to any the pretended

Wers or Persons aforesaid, or to auy deriving or pretending to derive Authority from them, by any Per

on or Persons, for or by reason of their Adherence to his Majesty or his said late Royal Father, or related

3 or arising only upon or in respect of the late Troubles; all which are hereby declared to be void, and to

e delivered up to be cancelled;,) (2) and all Judgments, Extents, Inquisitions, Executions and Seizures

act for the said Keepers or Protectors, or any of them, and not likewise pardoned or discharged, other

Sian as aforesaid, shall and may be had and prosecuted in the Name and to the Use of his Majesty, his

leirs or Successors; (3) And also excepting all Obligations, Bonds or Recognizances entered into to the

fid Keepers or Protestors or any of them, by any Person or Persons, by Order or Direction of any Coun

il of State, Committee of Safety, Major Generals, Decimators or any Officer or other Person under

hem, or any other Military Power; all which Obligations, Bonds and Recognizances are hereby dif

harged and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Actor anything therein contained shall not extend Justices, Ser

0 continue, after the eighth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, any ifommimonei a ustice or Justices of one Bench or the other, or Barons of the Exchequer, Sergeants at Law, Commissions of°?ewer7.ner f Sewers, commissions.of Bankrupts or of Charitable Uses, made or constituted by or in the Name or Style of any the late pretended Powers or Authorities.

X Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person or Persons who shall find hemselves grieved or damnified by any Judgement, Fine, Recovery, Decree or Sentence given, made, -.

evied, granted or pronounced, in any of the said Courts, to proceed in due Form of Law, either by Writ writs of Error )f Error, Bill of Review, Appeal or other lawful Remedy, for the reversing, annulling or revoking of the ny be brought. ame, in such Manner as they might at any Time heretofore have done, if the said Courts had been efta >iished by lawful Authority, other than for those Errors and Defcdts which are remedied or provided for iy this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nonclaim upon non chim upon' or after any Fine or Fines hereby made good or confirmed, shall extend or be construed to bar or prejudice ?', jegof0lrd"ds (tny Person or Persons, their Heirs or Successors, or their Feoffees or Trustees (other than the Parties to nsnceofpariia — he said Fines and their Heirs general and special, and his and their Trustees) as concerning such Right, ment.

diaim and Interest, as they had in or to any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, which by co our of any Act, Order or Ordinance of both or either Houses of Parliament, or any Convention sitting at Westminster under the Name or Style, or affirming the Name or Style, of a Parliament, since the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and two, and before the five and twentieth Day of April in the Year of pur Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, were sold, conveyed or disposed, as then or late the Lands, 1 enements and Hereditaments of the King, Queen or Prince, or of Archbishops, Rilhops, Deans, Deans and Chapters, or other Ecclesiastical Persons, or as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of any other Persons for their Adherency to the late King or his Majesty that now js, or for any their Ablings relating to or in respect of the late Troubles; (2) so always that the said Person or Persons aforesaid, their Heirs or' Successors, pursue their Title, Claim or Interest, by way of 'Action or lawful Entry, within five Years next after the nine and twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty.

XII. And although in this Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings, it was necessary to mention diverse thela e Oo -- ' pretenced Acts and Ordinances, by the Names and Styles which those Persons then usurped who took vfrnt "\, de'

' upon them to fafs the same, namely, some by the Style and Name of the Keepers of the Liberty of Eng ufarped"

' land by Authority of Parliament; and others by the Name and Style ofprotedlors of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging) Yet this

176 C 13, 14. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

Recognition of his Majesty*$

just Title,

indictments of Trenton, tec. for levying War against Oliver Cromwell, C made void.

present Parliament doth declare, and it is further enacted by Authority of the same, That the Names and Styles aforesaid, and every of them, are moll rebellious, wicked, traitorous and abominable Usurpations, detested by this present Parliament, as opposite in the higlieft Degree to his Sacred majesty's most juft and undoubted Right, to whom and to his Heirs and lawful Successors, the Imperial Crowns of the Realms of England, Scotland and Ireland, with their and every of their Dominions and Territories do of Right appertain, and as violating and infringing the just Rights and Privileges of Parliament and both Houses thereof now assembled, or that hereafter shall be called and assembled.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every pretended Indictment or Indictments, Outlawries, Inquisitions, and all Proceedings thereon, of High Treason, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for levying War against the late Tyrant Oliver Cromwell, the pretended Keepers of the Liberty of England, or any other usurped Power, shall be from henceforth void and of none effect in Law: (2) And that all Grants, Conveyances, Leases, Devices, assurances, Statutes, Recognizances and Judgments for Debt, Damages heretofore had, made or suffered by any Person, or his Heirs, whose Conviction, Utlagary or Attainder is by this act discharged or made void, shall be of the same Force and Effect as if no such Conviction, Outlawry or Attainder had been. [Confirmed by 13 Car. 2 Stat. 1. C 7. j

CAP XIII

37 H. 8. c. 9. No " '

vlone shall cake above fixpounds for the Loan of an hundred Pounds for a Year.

22 Ann. Stat. z. C C 16. reduces Interesl to 5 percent, €

An Act for the restraining the taking of excessive Usury

as the Abatement of Interest from Ten in the Hundred in former Times hath been found

The Penalty.

__ by notable Experience beneficial to the Advancement of Trade and Improvement of Lands by good

Husbandry, with many other considerable Advantages to this Nation, especially the reducing of it to a nearer Proportion with Foreign States with whom we Traffic: (2) And whereas in fresh Memory the like Fall from Eight to Six in the Hundred, by a late constant practice hath found the like Success, to the general Contentment of this Nation, as is visible by several Improvements: (3) And whereas it is the Endeavour of some at present to reduce it back again in practice to the Allowance of the Statute still in Force, to Eight in the Hundred, to the great Discouragement of Ingenuity and Industry in the Husbandry', Trade and Commerce of this Nation

II. Be it, for the Reasons aforesaid, enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, and the Lords and iiiaw.p. c.c.sz, Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the

m, .21-291. twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, upon any Contract, shall from and after the said twenty-ninth of September take directly or indirectly for Loan of any Moneys, Wares, Merchandise or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of six Pounds for the Forbearance of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or fora longer or shorter Time: (2) And that all Bonds, Contracts and Assurances whatsoever, made after the Time aforesaid for Payment of any Principal or Money to be lent, or covenacted to be performed, upon or for any Usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of six Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void: (3) And that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall after the Time aforesaid, upon any Contract to be made after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, take, accept and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Chevisance, Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandise, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Means, or by any Covin, Engine or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing or giving Day of Payment for one whole Year, of and for their Money or other Tiling, above the Sum of six Pounds for the forbearing of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so after that Rate for a greater or Idler Sum, or for a longer or shorter Term, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the treble Value of the Moneys, Wares, Merchandise and other Things solent, bargained, sold, exchanged or (Lifted,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Scrivener and Scriveners, Broker and Brokers, Solicitor and Solicitors, Driver and Drivers of Bargains for Contracts, who shall after the said twenty-ninth Day of September take or receive directly or indirectly any Sum or

bearance of an" ums Money, or other Reward or Thing, for Brokage, Soliciting, Driying or procuring the Loan, tiunared Hounds or forbearing of any Sum or Sums of Money, over and above the Rate or Value of rive Shillings for for a Year and the Loan or Forbearing of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so rateably, or above twelve pence for the making or renewing of the Bond or Bill for Loan, or for forbearing thereof, or for any counter bond or Bill concerning the same, shall forfeit for every such Offence twenty Pounds, and have imprisonment for half a Year; (2) the one Moiety of all which Forfeitures to be to the King our Sovereign Lord, his £ieirs and Successors; and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in the: same County where the several Offences are committed, and not elsewhere, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection to be allowed. [Confirmed by i/j Car. 2. Stat. 1, C 14.j

The Forfeiture of a Scrivener that shall take above five Shil

above twelve pence for making a Bond.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving on the Nine and twentieth Day of May.

The wonderful

Power and C y^orasmuch as Almighty God the King of Kings, and sole Disposer of all earthly Crowns and king god1nethe°re* "doms, hath by his all swaying Providence and Power niiraculously demonstrated in the View ftauration of " of all the World his transcendent Mercy, Love and Gratioufiiefs, towards his moult Excellent Majesty fais Charles

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo garoli II C 15, 16. ^77

Charles the Second, by his especial Grace, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the true Faith, and all his Majesty's Loyal Subjects of this his Kingdom of England, and the Dominions

thereunto annexed, by his Majesty's late most wonderful, glorious, peaceable and joyful

- without the leaf): Opposition or Effusion of Blood, through the unanimous, cordial, loyal Votes of the Jmf lirturat*' Lords and Commons in this present Parliament anemblecl, and pafficnate Desires of all other his Ma session of the jesty's Subjects; (2) which uncxpreffible Blessing (by god's own moll wonderful Dispensation) was i^ppn'1"'3

completed on the twenty-ninth Day of May last pan, being the most memorable birthday, not only Tnd'

of his Majesty, both as a Man and Prince, but likewise as an actual King, and of this and other his peep'c V gene majesty's Kingdoms, all in a great Measure newborn and raised from the Dead on this most joyful ra.

Day, wherein many Thousands of the Nobility, Gentry, Citizens, and other his Lieges of this Realm, conducted his Majesty unto his Royal Cities of London and jvejhmnsler, with all possible Expressions of their public Joy and loyal Affections, in far greater Triumph than any of his most victorious Pre ' decessors Kings of England returned thither from their foreign Conquests; (3) and both his Majesty's ' Houses of Parliament, with all dutiful and joyful Demonftntions of their Allegiance, publicly received and cordially congratulated his Majesty's moult happy Arrival, and Investiturc in his Royal Throne, at

his Palace ex Whitehall: Upon all which Considerations, this being the Day which the Lord himself keiem*|e7he'nivl hath made and crowned with so many public Blessings and signal Deliverances, both of his Majesty Day 16

and his People, from all their late most deplorable Confulions, Divisions, Wars, Devaluations and Op 4 pressions: To the End that it may be kept in perpetual Remembrance in all Ages to come, and that his sacred Majesty with all his Subjects of this Realm, and the Dominions thereof, and their Posterities after them, might annually celebrate the perpetual Memory thereof, by sacrificing their unfeigned hearty public Thanks thereon to Almighty God, with one Heart and Voice, in a moult devout and Chridian

Maimer, for all these public Benefits received and conferred on them upon this most joyful Day; '

(5) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, the Lords and Commons in this pre. lent parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular Ministers of god's jvuy^o'be'rm word and Sacraments, in every Churchy Chapel, and other usual Place of Divine Service and Public nuaiiy celtbra. Prayer, which now are or hereafter shall be within this Realm of England, and the respective Dominions tedl thereof, and their Succedors, shall in all succeeding Ages annually' celebrate the twenty-ninth Day of May, by rendering their hearty public Praises and Thanksgivings unto Almighty God for all the fore mentioned extraordinary Mercies, Blessings and Deliverances received, and mighty Acts done thereon, and declare the same to all the People there assembled, and the Generations yet to come, that so they may forever praise the Lord for the same, whose Name alone is Excellent, and his Glory above the Earth and A)) Persons to Heavens: (6) And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within this retort to tome Kingdom, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, shall upon the said Day annually resort with Dili Church, chapel, cence and Devotion to forne usual Church, Chapel or Place where such public Thanksgivings and of Thanksgiving Praises to god's most Divine Majesty shall be rendered, and there orderly and devoutly abide during the on the sail Day. said public Thanksgivings, Prayers, Preaching, Singing of Psalms, and other Service of God there to be used and ririniftred:

II. And to the End that all Persons may be put in Mind of their Duty thereon, and be the better Notice to be giv prepared to discharge the same with that Piety and Devotion as becomes them: (2) Be it further enacted, 'S*. JW.

That every Minister shall give notice to his Parishioners publicly in the Church at Morning Prayer tlieb°f0l|, ^lord's Day next before every such twenty-ninth Day of May, for the due Observation of the said Day, and shall then likewise publicly and distinctly read this present Act to the People. 13 Car. 2.

Stat. 1. C 11.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the speedy Disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom, with Instructions for the same.

EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enabling the Soldiers of the Army now to be disbanded to exercise Trades.

WHEREAS there are diverse Officers and Soldiers now in the King's majesty's Service, under the Command of his Excellency George Duke of Albemarle, captain-general of his Majesty's Armies, who have been instrumental, by the Blessing of Almighty God, to the happy Restitution and Restoration of his sacred Majesty unto his Kingdoms and People, and to his just Right of Government in the Kingdom of England, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging; same of which are Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades, who had not served out their Times, and others who are apt and fit for Trades, ts'e.

and instrumental in his Majesty's Restitution, may

Soldiers Instrumental in his Majesty's Restauration. 5eliz. ct Such as were'in. Service under General Monk 25 April 1660; exercise Trades,

Vol. III

A

178 C i7

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers

as the Confirming of some Ecclesiastical Persons and Ministers in Possession, and resto ' P ing of others who have been sequestered or ejected, and are fit to be restored in and to their several Certain ordained Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings and Promotions, without Force or Suit of Law., will much conduce to Ministers having the Peace and Welfare of this Church and Kingdom; '(2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent peftt tr" aft°al Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, peiu mon, re anc] t, y Authority of the same, That every Ecclesiastical Person or Minister, being ordained by any eccle t Vnt. 15. fiastical Persons before the five and twentieth Day of December last past, being of the Age of four and twenty Years, and having not renounced his Ordination, who hath been formerly since the first Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty-two, presented, nominated to, or placed in, and in actual Possession, and taking the Profits of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Rectory, parson age, Vicarage, Church, Chapel, Cure, or other Ecclesiastical Promotion with Cure of Souls, within this Tv calm of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, which hath become void, either by Death, voluntary Resignation or Surrender, or other Avoidance, to the Patron, or any other Person pretending to have Title to accept of Resignations, since the said first: Day of January, and before the said five and twentieth Day of December last past, and was on the said five and twentieth Day of December in Possession, and received the Profits thereof, being in the Gift, Donation, Presentation, Collation or Nomination of the King's Majesty that now is, or of his late Royal Father King Charles the First, in Right of the Crown, or by Reason of Wardship or any other Title, or of any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Prebend, Archdeacon, Body Politic or Corporate, or of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, other than such as are hereby restored, shall be and is hereby declared, adjudged and enacted to have been, be and continue the real and lawful Incumbent, Parson, Rector, Vicar and pofifeftor of the said Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings and Promotions respectively, to all Irv 13 Eiiz. C 12. tents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated, presented, collated, admitted, instituted and induced thereunto, or placed therein, in due Form of Law, and had read and subscribed

the Articles according to the Statute in that Case made and provided, and notwithstanding any other The King Matter or Thing by him or them done or omitted to be done; (3) and that as well against the king's

bound. Majesty, and against his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies

Politic and Corporate whatsoever, and their respective Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators The next Avoi and Assigns; (4) saving to the Patrons and every of them their just Right of Patronage, Donation, Predance to be in fentation, Collation or Nomination, upon the next Avoidance of every such Ecclesiastical Person, mi tronslghtful Pa n|fter or Incumbent hereby confirmed as is aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner as if this Act had not been made.

Voluntary Re

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every voluntary Surrender or Resignation made

firmed°ns c°n* any Incumbent to the Patron of any Benefice, or to any late pretended Powers since the said first Day of January, of any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, shall be adjudged as an effectual Avoidance of such Benfice or Promotion, as if the same had been made to the competent Ordinary, and accepted by him.

The formerfre

III. And be it further enacted, That no Presentation, Collation or Disposition aforesaid, nor Confir

Oiabmake no' maton by this A fit, of any Parson or Minister, in or to any Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings or pro usurpation. motions aforesaid, shall be confcrued or adjudged to amount to any Usurpation in Lave, to the Prejudice of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who have or shall have Right to present thereunto upon the said Avoidance.

How the persons

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Ecclesiastical Person or Minister, formerly sequestered or are to be quali djedled, dispossessed and kept out after lawful Presentation and Perception of the Profits of any of tied. the said Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings or Promotions, which hath not subscribed any Petition to bring

the late King Charles of Blessed Memory to Trial, or which hath not by Writing, Preaching, Printing, or any other open Afit procured, endeavoured, or justified the Murder of the said late King, or which hath not by Preaching, Printing, Writing, or constant Refusal to Baptise, declared his Judgement to The Time how be against Infant baptism, shall be restored to the same, and to the Possession thereof, at or before the long the present five and twentieth Day of December next ensuing; (2) and that every Ecclesiastical Person aforesaid, incumbent shall who shall be removed, shall or may enjoy the Tithes, Profits, Duties, Glebes and Houses thereunto t 1 ay in belonging, until the said five and twentieth Da of December next ensuing, and shall then upon such

Removal peaceably leave or yield up the Possession thereof, and shall also give his Penal Bond to the'.1 Parson or Minister so to be restored, to render to him, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns the a The Moiety of full Moiety of the clear Profits and Tithes, or the Value thereof, (to be ascertained by the com i 1 he Living tef be nai % oners hereafter appointed under their Hands) from Michaelmas last past to Michaelmas next ensuing, paid to the re (all Taxes and other requisite Charges and Expenses first dedufifed and allowed) before the Removal 1 noted Ministers. of the Goods of the Parson or Minister so to be removed, or the Tithes or other Profits from the same, at or upon the said five and twentieth Day of December, (3) and the said Parson or Minister so to be removed, upon his quitting the Possession at the Time aforesaid, shall be and is hereby absolutely discharged and acquitted from all Tithes and Profits received, and all and every Arrears thereof, other than the Moiety of the Profits and Tithes secured by Bonds aforesaid, before and until the said Feast of Saint Michael next ensuing, against the Parson or Minister so restored, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and against all other Person or Persons whatsoever.

D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 17. 179

V. Provided always, That every Minister, not scandalous, ignorant or insufficient, as aforesaid, being No Minister proved, as aforesaid, heretofore sequestered or ejected out of two or more Ecclesiastical Benefices or LIV above oifebcne. mgs with Cure of Souls, shall be rellored to one of them and no more, at his Election, except where he fice.

hatlt formerly resigned or surrendered any of the said Benefices or Livings, and thereupon the right Patron, or any other in his Right, hath presented, collated, nominated, placed or put into the same any other Incumbent or Minister, as aforesaid, in which Case the said sequestered or ejected Minister shall not be restored to such Benefice or Living so resigned or surrendered, as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister who by Virtue of this Act is confirmed in any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Living with Cure of Souls, which shall have more than one Ecclesiastical Benefice or Living with Cure of Souls, shall hold and enjoy only one of them, and no more, at his Election; except where he hath formerly resigned or surrendered any of the said Benefices or Livings, and thereupon the right Patron, or any other in his Right, hath presented, collated, nominated, placed, or put into the same any other Incumbent or Minister, as aforesaid, in which Case the Minister so to be confirmed shall and may retain and keep the Benefice or Living which he hath not so resigned or surrendered, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it likewise enabled, That where the Parson or Minister formerly sequestered or ejected, shall Tte Party to be declare his Consent in Writing before the Commissioners appointed by this Act, that the present Possessor, there. being not scandalous, ignorant or insufficient, shall be and continue in such sequestered Benefice, Living fe0, t

or Promotion, that in such Case the present Possessor shall be hereby settled and confirmed therein, as Right, the sole and rightful Incumbent and Possessor thereof to all Intents and Purposes; any former Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: (2) And that every Parson or Minister who mail be removed by Party removed this Act, shall pay all Tenths not pardoned, and repair or make Satisfaction for all wilful or negligent ar.iwerfor Dilapidations made or suffered by him, of, in or upon the Premises or any of them, since the twenty Dilapidations, ninth of September last; (3) and shall likewise pay or satisfy all Fifths, or any other Sum in Lieu of an(j pay Fifths, Fifths, which were in arrear or unpaid at the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel last past, due or payable by him, by any Order or Orders not reversed, of any Committees or Commissioners formerly appointed and authorised by any pretended Authority or Authorities whatsoever, to grant or set out the same, or otherwise pay or satisfy all Arrears then due of any Sum or Sums of Money payable by Agreement of the Parties, and not since quitted by like Agreement, the same to be ascertained by the said Commissioners: (4) For Payment whereof the Minister so to be removed, before his Removal shall also Bond for them, give his penal Bond or Bonds unto the Minister to be restored, to pay the same before the five and twentieth of December next; and if he shall refuse to give such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid for the Payment thereof, that then the Minister so to be restored, shall be and is hereby enabled to bring an Action of Action for them. Debt at the common-law for the said Arrears, and shall recover over and above the said Debt the full Value in Damages, besides Costs of Suit.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ecclesiastical Person or Minister Fifths, now in Possession of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Living or Promotion, which shall continue and be settled ^7' therein by Virtue of this Act, shall pay all such Arrears of Fifths or other Sums of Money in Lieu 1 Sid. 88. thereof, due or payable by him by any such Order or Orders, or Agreement as aforesaid: to

Mr. Honywood, Parson of Kegtvorth in Leicestershire, who hath been beyond Sea since the said first ofmr.honey jamtary one thousand six hundred forty-two, who hath therefore had ro Order nor Agreement for his wood.

Fifths as have accrued due or payable out of such Ecclesiastical Benefice, Living or Promotion, during such Time as he hath been possessed thereof, to such Parson or Minister as hath been formerly ejected or sequestered out of the same.

IX. And whereas diverse Fifths, or Sums of Money in Lieu thereof, are in Arrear and unpaid by such Arrears of as have been formerly possessed of sequestered livings(z)it is further enacted by Authority afore fifth said, That every Ecclesiastical Person or Minister now living, or the Executors or Administrators of every Ecclesiastical Person or Minister deceased, to whom any Fifths, or Sums of Money, in Lieu thereof, are or were due or payable by any such Order and Agreement, or to the said Mr. Honeyzvood as aforesaid, and are yet in Arrear, shall have the said Fifths or Sums of Money in Arrear as aforesaid, paid unto them respectively; and they are hereby respectively enabled to recover the same by Action of Debt at the common-law, to be brought against every such Parson or Minister who ought to have paid the same by Virtue of any such Order and Agreement or to the said Mr. Honyzvood as aforesaid, during the respective Poftbffion of such Ecclesiastical Benefice, Living or Promotion, of or for which the said Fifths, or Sums of Money in Lieu thereof, were or ought to have been or to be paid; in all which Actions, no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed: (4) And that no Person to whom Fifths have been formerly paid shall be hereafter questioned for the same.

X. And be it also enacted, That every such Ecclesiastical Person or Minister. that Is or shall be by Arrears of Virtue of this Act removed out of or confirmed in any such Benefice, Living or Promotion, which now Tithes

is orhatlfbeen possessed as aforesaid, his or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and, is respectively enabled to have, hold and enjoy all the mean Profits already received, and to receive, recover, collector compound for and enjoy all and every the Arrears of Tithes, Profits or Duties thereunto belonging or which shall belong thereunto, incurred during such Time as he was so Possessor thereof, and before or until the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel now next ensuing, and to sue for the same in any Court of common-law or Equity, as if he or they had been and were the true and lawful Incumbent or Possessor of such aforesaid Ecclesiastical Benefice, Living or Promotion.

XI. Provided also. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Minister or other such Personsreflored Ecclesiastical Person as aforesaid, having any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Living with Cure of Souls, who tiowtobe qua is 'before in and by this Act declared, adjudged and enacted to continue the real and lawful Incumbent e*thereof, which hath petitioned to bring the late King Charles of Blessed Memory to Trial, or which hath

I Bo C 17.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

Commissioners to execute this Act, without farther Suit.

by Writing, Preaching, Printing or any other open Act, procured, endeavoured or justified the Murder of the late King, or which hath by Preaching, Printing, Writing or constant Refusal to baptise, declared his Judgement to be against infant baptism, that then such Minister or other Ecclesiastical Person shall not remain, continue and be or be taken to be the real and lawful Incumbent of the Ecclesiastical Benefice or Living, but the same shall become, and is hereby declared to be void to all Intents and purposes, as if the said Minister or other Ecclesiastical Person were dead, and that the Patron who hath the next and immediate Right to present unto the same, shall and may present unto the said Ecclesiastical Benefice or Living, as in Case of Vacancy or Avoidance by Death of the Incumbent; anything in this ^.61 contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

justices ofpeaoe,

XII. And it is further enacted, That the Persons in Commission of the Peace in the several Counties of this Realm, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, on the first Day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty, within their respective Counties, Limits and Precincfts, or any Five or more of them, living or dwelling next to the Church or Living to which any such Parson or Minister is to be restored, or from which any such Parson or Minister is to be removed, and who are no Ways interested as Patrons or Parties in the Patronage or Tithes of the said Church or Living or any Part thereof, shall be and are hereby constituted, appointed and authorised to be of to execute all and singular the Powers and Authorities hereby granted within their respective Counties and Precincfts, for and concerning the Removing and Restoring of such Parsons and Ministers as aforesaid, and all other the Premises, and finally to determine all Differences touching the same, until the five and twentieth of <VJ fornier Suits December next; and that all Suits and Acftions in Law or Equity, and allproceedings and Verdicts there mads void. Upon had or to be had, for, touching or concerning the Premises or any of them, shall be and are here. <. stayed, barred, annulled and avoided.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Grants and Leases made for a valuable Consideration paid or given, of any Copyhold or Freehold Lands belonging to any sequestered Living or Rectory (except the Glebe and Tidies) for three Lives, or twenty-one Years, accroding to former Usage, wherein jthe ancient Rent is reserved, made by any Minister or Ecclesiastical Person possessed of the said Rectory or Living by any real or pretended Authority, before the five and twentieth of December one thousand six hundred fifty-nine, shall continue as good and effectual in Law to all Intents against the ejeefted and sequestered Incumbent to be restored, and all others, as if they had been made by the proper Incumbent.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any rightful Patron hath heretofore presented his Clerk to any Benefice with Cure of Souls, being then void, unto those Persons who were (filed Commissioners for Approbation of public Preachers sitting at whitehall, or the Committee for plundered Ministers, who sat in the Year one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, and the same Clerk so presented was refused to be admitted without any lawful Cause, that then such Clerk shall be taken, and is hereby enacted to be the perfeeft Incumbent of such Benefice, to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such Patron have since presented another Clerk to such Benefice who now is possessed thereof, or unless such Clerk so presented and refused, as aforesaid, be since presented to and settled in some other Benefice.

XV. Provided that this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to confirm or continue any Person in any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living or Preferment, which hath since the said five and twentieth Day of December last voluntarily yielded up and left the Possession of the said Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living or Preferment, and is still out or possession thereof, or which by any Writing executed under his Hand and Seal, hath agreed to yield up and leave the possession thereof.

Agreement

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That where there hath been any Agreement between made for Fifths the Persons concerned in this act for the Acquittal of the Minister who ought to have paid Fifths of and con rme. froin the same, or any Part thereof, that in such Case no Fifths or Satisfaction for Fifths shall be claimed or paid contrary to the said Agreement.

Payments of

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who have paid or the^iefentpof finished by Composition or otherwise, any Tithes, Pensions, Oblations, Obventions, Rents, or other feitorst agood" Ecclesiastical Duties belonging to any Re Cory, Vicarage, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, Discharge. to any Person or Persons being in possession, or receiving the Profits thereot by Colour or Pretence of any Authority, or to their Assigns, or any others claiming from, by or under them, shall be and are hereby discharged of and from the same Tithes, Pensions, Oblations, Obventions, Rents and other Ecclesiastical Duties, against all and every Person and Persons whatsoever.

These Rectories

XVIII. Provided always, That neither this Act _ anything therein contained, shall extend to not within this confirm or establish the Possession of the Rectory of Eivehne in the County of Oxoti, with Thomas Cole,

_ or any other Person or Persons who have lately by Virtue of any pretended Title entered into the same;e me x ut tpat tpc faj(i Rectory be restored to Robert Saunderson, Docftor in Divinity, and Regius Professor in the University of Oxon, to be enjoyed by him and his Successors, according to a Grant made thereof by the late King James unto the Regius Professor of Divinity for the Time being, and his Successors for ever.

XIX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall confirm or establish the Possession of the Rectory of Somersham in the County of Huntington, with any Person who hath by Virtue of any pretended Title entered into the same; but that the said Rectory be restored to Docftor Anthony Tucbiey, the present Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Cambridge, to be enjoyed by him and his sue cessors, according to a former Grant thereof made unto the Regius Professor of Divinity for the tiine being, and his Successors for ever; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, That this Act, or anything therein contained, (had not extend to confirm or re

Certain Leases made by mini iters confirmed.

Ministers refused to be approved by the pretended Approvers, settled in their Churches,

None to be rest ored who deserted their Livings.'

iory,

Somersham

Rectory.

Oath to be taken by Persons re stortd>

(lore apy Ecclesiastical Person or Minister in or to any Benefice, Living

or. Ecclesiastical Promotion, that

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 17.

181

Presentations under the Great Seal.

shall refuse to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, being tendred unto such Ecclesiastical Person or Minister, by the said Commissioners, or any three of them, which said Commissioners, and every three of them, are hereby enabled and enjoined to administer the said Oaths accordingly.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Aril, or anything herein contained, shall not prejudice the Title of any Person or Persons to any Ecclesiastical; Living, Benefice or Promotion with Cure. of Souls in this Act mentioned, who have been and shall be presented to such Benefice or Promotion by' his Majesty under the Great Seal of England, between the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, and the ninth of September in the same Year; but that such Presentees so presented by his Majesty as aforesaid, shall and may from and after the said twentieth ninth Day of September enjoy the same Benefices and Promotions respectively, as if this Act had not been. made.

XXII. Nevertheless, it is declared and enacted, That such persons, as upon the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand six hundred fifty-nine were the Possessors of such 'Benefices or Promotions, shall not be charged by such. Presentees of his Majesty with or for any Profits by them or amy of them received before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, but shall hold and enjoy the Profits of such Benefices and Promotions respectively, until the said twenty-ninth Day of September.

XXIII. Provided also, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to confirm Kldiington VI any Person in the Vicarage of Kldiington in the County of Oxford; but that the said Vicarage shall r'e carse main as formerly annexed to the Reelorship of exeter college in Oxford -, anything, in this Adfc to the

contrary notwithstanding

Provided also, That tins Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to confirm any garfmgtonrec person in the Rectory of Garjington in the County of Oxford, but. that the said Redtcry shall remaintory'

as formerly annexed to the Presidentship of Trinity college in Oxford, Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided also, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to confirm any Cador Reaory.

Person in the Rectory of Cajlor in the County of Northampton, but that the said. Rectory shall remain as formerly annexed to the Bishopric of Peterborough; anything in this. Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That tlxis Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to confirm any cudrdenvica*; Person in the Vicarage of cudj den in the County of Oxford, but that the said Vicarage shall remain as rae formerly annexed to the Bishopric of Oxford, anything in this Act to the: contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to tyre Con Persons preach -- firming or Settling any Person in a Living, that hath inalicioufty printed any Treatise or preached againstjfs3?3'^hte his Majesty that now is, his Right or Succession to the Crowns of thee Realms'; so as the lame' b escrow n, nor proved by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses before the Commissioners appointed by this Act (who to be restored. have hereby Power to administer the same) and so. adjudged by the said Commissioners, before the five

and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty.

XXVIII. Provided also, That if any Minister who. shall by this Act be adjudged to be removed, Execution torerf shall not give up the Possession according to the Order of the said Commissioners, then the said Commis 1 storethe fioners, or any five of them, shall grant their Warrant to the Sheriff of the County to put such Person

adjudged to be restored into Possession, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Sheriff shall execute the same accordingly; and in Default, of such Warrant, the Sheriff of the county for the Time being shall be and is hereby enabled and required to give Possession accordingly.

XXIX. Provided, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to confirm any Ecclesiastical Person Nonetob'e rr that did appear in Arms and march in a Troop in Oppositionto the intended restoring of his Majesty. and rms of'f.fed'a a free Parliament, flnee the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hunched fifty.free parliament, and nine, so as the same be proved by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses before the Commissioners appointed by this Act (who have hereby Power to administer the same) and so adjudged by the said commissioners before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty.

XXX. Provided also, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to confirm any abn Rcflory, Person in the Rectory of Aston in the County of Middlesex, which Rectory his Majesty before the six and twentieth Day of August hath granted under his Sign Manual to one of his Chaplains.

XXXI. And lastly, it is declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid. that all and every the Peers Patron peers of this Realm, according to their several and respective Titles and Interests, may at any Time ortltles saved' Times within the Space of six Calendar Months from the first Day of September in this present Year orte thousand six hundred and sixty, present and nominate their respective Clerk or Clerks unto any Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings or Promotions of their respective Patronages, or whereunto they had Right

or Title to present or nominate at any Time since the first Day of January one thousand six hundred forty-two; (2) and that the said Presentees shall be thereupon admitted, instituted and inducted, and after have and enjoy, and sue for and recover the Possession, and from thenceforth take the whole and entire Profits of the said Benefices, Livings and Promotions, and shall be, accounted, and shall be full and perfect Incumbents of the' same to all. Intents and purposes, as fully and amply as if they had been presented and placed therein within six Months next after the: first avc.dances, notwithstanding any Lapse, or other Title by reason of Lapse, incurred or devolved, to his kt.e Majesty or to the King's Majesty that now is, or to another Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate; anything in this present Act or otherwise to' the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding r

XXXII. Provided, That fuel! Presentees as have' been or shall be presented by his Majesty as aforesaid.

: said ninth Day of September in this present Year one thousand six hundred and sixty, by Title

of Lapse or otherwise as aforesaid, shall or: may enjoy the same Benefices, and Promotions respectively. last mentioned Clause or any other Thing in this A; t. containe.d.to. the contrary notwithstanding

182 C 18.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

CAP. XVIII.

A.D. 1660.

No Goods shall he imported from the Plants. tions, but in eng tifli Ships.

S SI. C 5,

Penalty, Explained by 13.& 14 Car. j. 0. 11. fest. 6,

Aliens shall not

An act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation.'

FOR the Increase of Shipping and Encouragement of the Navigation of this Nation, wherein, under the good Providence and Protection of God, the Wealth, Safety and Strength of this Kingdom is so much concerned; '(2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, and by the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority thereof, That from and after the fist Day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, and from thenceforward, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported into or exported out of any Lands, Islands, Plantations or Territories to his Majesty belonging or in his Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa, ox America, in any other Ship or Ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in such Ships or Vessels as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or are of the Built of and belonging to any the said Lands, Islands, Plantations or Territories, as the Proprietors and right Owners thereof, and whereof the Maher and three fourths of the Mariners at lead are English; under the Penalty of the Forfeiture and Loss of all the Goods and Commodities which shall be imported into or exported out of any the aforesaid Places in any other Ship or Vessel, as also of the Ship or Vessel, with all its Guns, Furniture, Tackle, Ammunition and Apparel; one third Part thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; one third Part to the Governor of such Land, Plantation, Island or Territory where such Default shall be committed, in Case the said Ship or Goods be there seized, or otherwise that third Part also to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other third Part to him or them who shall seize, inform or sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Bill, Information, Plaint or other Action, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; (4.) and all Admirals and other Commanders at Sea of any the Ships of War or other Ship having Commission from his Majesty or from his Heirs or Successors, are hereby authorised and strictly required to seize and bring in as Prize all such Ships or Vessels. as shall have offended contrary hereunto, and deliver them to the Court of Admiralty, there to be proceeded against; and in Case of Condemnation, one Moiety of such Forfeitures shall be to the Use of such Admirals or Commanders and their Companies, to be divided and proportioned amongst them according to the Rules and Orders of the Sea in Case of Ships taken Prize; and the other Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

II. And be it enacted, That no Alien or Person not born within the Allegiance of our Sovereign Lord cupation ofmer" ie King, His Heirs and Successors, or Naturalised, or made a Free Denizen, shall from and after the first 'chants or Fac Day of February, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty one, exercise the tors in the Plan Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or factor in any the said pla\es; (2) upon Pain of the Forfeiture and rations, Loss of all his Goods and Chattels, or which are in his Possession; one third to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors; third to the Governor of the Plantation where such Person shall so offend; and the other third to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts in the Plantation where such Offence (liali be committed: (3) And all Governors of the said Lands, Islands, Plantations or Governors, C Territories, and every of them, are hereby strictly required and commanded, and all who hereafter shall to take ^aif Oath mace Governors of any such Islands, Plantations or Territories, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successor

the Observa fors, shall before their Entrance into their Government take a solemn Oath, to do their utmost, that every tion of the afore the aforementioned Clauses, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall be punctually and chuses[ed bona sicle observed according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof: (4) And upon Complaint and Proof Explained and made before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or such as shall be by him or them thereunto authorised enforced by and appointed, that any the said Governors have been willingly and wittingly negligent in doing their Du 2»8.sea.4. ty accordingly, that the said Governor so offending dial] be removed from his Government.

'4'.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever,

of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Africa, Asia or America, or of any Part thereof, or which are described or laid down in the usual Maps or Cards of those Places, be imported into England, Ireland or Wales, Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tveed, or of the Lands, Islands, Plantations or Territories in Asia, Africa ox America, to his Majesty belonging, as the Proprietors and right' Owners thereof, and whereof the Master, and three fourths at lead of the Mariners are e?ig1ish; (2) under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods and Commodities, and of the Ship or Vessel in which. they were imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel; one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall seize, inform or 1 sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Bill, Information, Plaint or other action, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Foret n Growth And further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities that are of ft

or Manufactures Foreign Growth, Production or Manufacture, and which are to be brought into England, Ireland, Wales, iii.il! be brought die Islands of Guernsey an; L Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in english hxdll Shipping, or other & "i^engibh Shipping belonging to Tome of the aforesaid Places, and navigated by English Mariners, as aforesaid, shall be shipped or brought from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the

fqid Growth, Production or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are, orusually have been, first shipped for Transportation, and from none other Places or Countries

For the Importation of Thrown Silk, see 2 W. ft: M. sele 1. C 5.

No Goods of

Ships, but only trom ihc Places of their said

Growth,

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 18. 183

fries; (1) under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid Goods as shall be imported from Altered by any other Place or Country contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, as also of the Ship in which &qn"j*j, 8(0 they were imported, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; one Moiety to American Drug, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall seize, inform or sue for the same in any Court of Record, to be recovered as is before exprelh.

V. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any sort of Ling, stock fish, Pilchard, fish, &cfonfc or any other kind of dried or salted Fish, usually fished for and caught by the People of England, Inland, &c.'whale sins, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed; or any sort of cod fish or Herring, or any Oil or Blubber made ctitht'in' or that shall be made of any kind of Fish whatsoever, or any whale fins or whale bones, which shall be Yefimby ue imported into England, Ireland, ivales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, not having been caught in Vef Proprietor fels truly and properly belonging thereunto as Proprietors and right Owners thereof, and the said Fish

cured, laved and dried, and the Oil and Blubber aforesaid (which shall be accounted and pay as Oil) not alien^custom.' made by the People thereof, and shall be imported into England, Ireland, or Wales, or Town of Berwick Protestant upon Tweed, shall pay double Aliens Custom. exceptrt bvo

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth it shall not be lawful to &, Vw, 3; 1 any Person or Persons whatsoever, to load or cause to be loaden and carried in any Bottom or Bottoms, c.i4uea.i3..and Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, whereof any Stranger or strangers born (unless such as shall ofan^ov?es'ion be Denizens or Naturalised) be Owners, Part owners or Mailer, and whereof three fourths of the Mac. provided for riners at lead shall not be English, any Fish, Victual, Wares, Goods, Commodities or Things, of what byfcfi. 14.

Kind or Nature soever the same shall be, from one Port or Creek of England, Ireland, Wales, Islands of

Guernsey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to another Port or Creek of the same, or of any of N Goods to be them; under Penalty for every one that shall offend contrary to the true Meaning of this Branch of this one parc present Act to forfeit all such Goods as shall be loaden and carried in any such Ship or Vessel, together ofengland to with the Ship or Vessel, and all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture and Apparel; one Moiety to °'h1er in the his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform, seize or sue Aben no^denis for the same in any Court of Record, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid > C

VII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ease, Abatement or Privi ^ik'6"31'5' lege is given in the Book of Rates to Goods or Commodities imported or exported in engi/jh buih' Ship 1 a, 2*3' ping, that is to say, Shipping built in England, Ireland, Wales, Islands of Guernsey or jersey, or' Town ofeafe and, Abalf* Berwick upon Tweed, or in any the Lands, Islands, Dominions and Territories to his Majesty in Africa, Book of Rates Asia or America, belonging, or in his Possession, that it is always to be understood and provided, 'that the to extend only Mailer and three fourths of the Mariners of the Laid Ships at lead be also English); (2) and that where it is where three required that the Mailer and three fourths of the Maripers be English, that the true Intent and Meaning Mariners be thereofis, that they should be such during the whole Voyage, unless in Case of Sickness, Death, or being English. taken Prisoners in the Voyage, to be proved by the Oath of the Mailer or other Chief Officer of such

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities of the Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Muscovy, or of any the Countries:, Dominions or Territories to Gro"', tl °rwa the Great Duke or Emperor of Muscovy or Russia belonging, as also that no Sort of Mails, Timber or Muscovy6 or Boards, no foreign Salt, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp or Flax, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive oils, no Sorts Russian

of Corn or Grain, Sugar, Pot allies, Wines, Vinegar, or Spirits called aqua vita., or Brandy wine, shall Explained by from and after the firllday of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred six c?ii.\e4u 23*.' ty one, be imported into England, Ireland, ivales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or 5 Mod. 193. Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without Fraud belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Mailer and three fourths of the Mariners at leall are Englif: And that no Currans nor Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any the Countries, Islands, Dominions or Territories to the Othoman or Turiifi Empire othoman cr belonging, shall from and after the first Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thou Turkish Empire Land six hundred sixty one, be imported into any the aforementioned Places in any Ship or Vessel, but which is of english buwt, and navigated, as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, or moll usually are, first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Mailer and three fourths of the Mariners at lead are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods, to be disposed and recovered as in the foregoing Clause. 1

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Prevention of frauds in coi the great Frauds daily used in colouring and concealing of Aliens Goods, all Wines of the Growth of "ali"s lena France or Germany, which from and after the twentieth Day of October one thousand six hundred and sixty be°prevcm«d!° shall be imported into any the Ports or Places aforesaid, in any other Ship or Vessel than which doth truly and without Fraud belong to England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and navigated with the Mariners thereof, as aforesaid, shall be deemed Aliens Goods, and pay all Strangers Customs and Duties lo his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as also to the Town or Port into which they shall be imported; (2) and that all Sorts of Malls, Timber or Boards, as also all foreign Salt, Pitch, 7 ar, Rosin,

Hemp, Flax, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive oils, all Sorts of Corn or Grain, Sugar, pot allies, Spirits commonly called Brandy wine, or aqua vitae, Wines of the Growth of Spain, the Islands of the Canaries or Portugal, Madera, or Western Islands; (3) and all the Goods of the Growth, Production or ma nufadurc ofmufcovy dr Russia, which from and after the firllday of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty one, shall be imported into any the aforesaid Places in any other

thaa

184 C 18.

Anno duodecimo Caroli ll.

A.D. 1660.

be 13 & 14 Car. 2. C ir. Cett S.

; 1

tly.uy such Shipping, andfo navigated; (j.) and all Currans and Turly Commodities which from and after f: the first Day of September one thousand six hand red sixty one shall be imported into any the Places aforesaid,

in any other than englisho b'awt Shipping, and navigated as aforesaid, (5) shall be deemed Aliens Goods, and pay accordingly to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the Town or Port into which they shall be imported.

pr°uds°m co'er't X And for Prevention of all Frauds which may beufed in colouring or buying of foreign Ships, be it louring ndbuy» enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That from and and after the first Day of April; ing foreign " which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty one, no foreign built Ship or Vessel Ships. whatsoever shall be deemed or pass as a Ship to England, Ireland, I Vales, or Town of Berwick, or any of

them belonging, or enjoy the Benefit or Privilege of such a Ship or Vessel, until such Time that he or they claiming the said Ship or Vessel to be theirs, shall make appear to the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port next to the Place of his or their Abode, that he or they are not Aliens, and shall have taken an Oath before such Chief Officer of Officers, who are hereby authorised to administer the same; b. c. Lch Ship or Vessel was bona fide and without Fraud by him or them bought for a valuable Considers a mini reit; onj expressing the Sum, as also the Time, Place and Persons from whom it was bought, and who are his Part owners (if he have any); (2) all which Part owners shall be liable to take the said Oath before the Chief Officer or Officers of the customhouse of the Port next to the Place of their Abode, and that no Foreigner directly or indirectly hath any Part, Interest or Share therein; and that upon such Oath he or they mail receive a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the said Chief Officer or Officers of the Port where such Person or Persons so making Oath do reside, whereby such Ship or Vessel may for the future; pass and he deemed as a Ship belonging to the said Port, and enjoy the Privilege of such a Ship of.vessel; and the said Officer or Officers shall' keep a Register of all such Certificates as he or they shall so give, and return a Duplicate thereof to the Chief Officers of the Customs at London, for such as shall be granted in England, Wales, and Berwick, and to the Chief Officers of the Customs at Dublin, for such as shall be given in Ireland, together With the Names of the Person or Persons from whom such Ship was bought, and the Sum of Money, which, was paid for her, 'as also the Names of all such Persons who are Part owners of her, if.ariy such be.'

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officers of the Customs shall from and after the said first Day of April allow the Privilege of being a Ship or Vessel to England, Ireland, nyfo l Whiles, or Towii of Berwick, or ariy of them belonging, to any foreign built Ship or Vessel, until such iimship, Certificate be before them produced, or such Proof and Oath taken before them; (2) or if any Officer of the Customs shall allow the Privilege of an ejiglish bowt Ship, or other Ship to any the' aforesaid Places belonging, to any English or foreign built Ship coming into any Port, and making

Officers of the Customs not to aftow any Privilege, to any "reign built until Certificate or Proof, C Altered by 6 Anna?

21

e, C 3;. Entry of any Goods, until Examination whether the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners be English 'or shall allow to any foreign built Ship bringing in the Commodities of the Growth of the Country

where it was built, the Privilege by this acfto such Ship given, until Examination and Proof whether it be a Ship of the Built of that Country, and that the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners are of that. Country'; (4) or if any Person who is or shall be made Governor of any Lands, Islands, Plantations or Territories ip Africa, Asia or America, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall suffer any foreign i ja uilt Ship or Vessel to load or unload any Goods or Commodities within the precincts of their govern riierits, 'until such Certificate be produced beforethem, or such as shall be by them appointed to view the same, and Examination whether the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least be English; (j)that for the first Offence such Officer of the Customs and Governors shall be put out of their Places, Offices or Governments.

XII. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, extend not, or be meant, to restrain and prohjbit the Importation of any the Commodities of the Streights or Levant seas, loaden in english bax 'Shipping, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English,

Tn Part repealed from the usual Ports or Places for lading of them heretofore within the said Streights or Levant seas, though by 6 Geo. X the said Commodities be not of the very growth of the said Places.

XIII. Provided also, That this Actor anything therein contained, extend not, or be meant, to re

Proviso for Goods of the Streights or Levant.

14,

Raft India Commodities.

strain the importing of any East indiq Commodities loadenin english built Shipping, and whereof themaster and three Fourths of the Mariners, at least are Euglishd from the usual Place or Places for lading of them in any Part of those Seas, to the Southward and Partward of Cabo bona Efpcranza, although the said Ports be not the very places of their Growth.

XIV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the People of England, Ireland, nomsptin°rt, C ivales, Islands of Guernfeyor jerj'ey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in Vessels or Ships to them be portugi), 1 louring, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English, to load and bring

Azores. Madera in from nnvr nf the Pnrf^ nf r+tnrn rr Pnvfuvnl or Wpftpm r*ominonlu rollpd /r/uve nr,

fvovif) for

Azores, Madera in from any of the Ports of Spain or Portugal, or Western Islands, commonly called Azores or Madera or j ysands*1^ Canary Islands, all Sorts of Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the 1 Plantations or Dominions of either of them vespectively.

Provisofor Bui XV. Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, extend not to Bullion, nor yet to tak^' bndwa°ds any Goods taken, 'or that shall be bona fide taken, by way of Reprisal by any Ship or Ships belonging tu ofrcpjftl. iy England, Ireland or Wales, Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English, having Commission from his Majesty, his Heirs of Successors.

Proviso concern, Provided always, That this act, or any filing therein contained, shall not extend, or be con., log Goods of strued' to extend, tolay.aliens Duties upon any Corn, of the Growth of Scotland, or to any Salt made in Scotland, nor to "any Fish caught, saved and cured by the People of Scotland, and imported directly from Scotland in Scotch built Ships, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners are of his Ma gosdsof Ruffii. jesty's subjects; (.2) nor to any Seal oil of Russia, imported from thence into England, Ireland, ivales,

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II

G. 19;. 185

or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in Shipping bona fide to some of the said Places belonging, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English).

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That every Ship or vessel belonging to any the Sub The Duty pay -- jedls of the French King, which from and after the twentieth Day of October in the Year of our Lord stench shiyst one thousand six hundred and sixty shall come into any Port, Creek, Harbour or Road of England, Ire Enforced by land, tfales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall there lade or unlade any Goods or Commodi 13 & 14 car. 1. ties, or take in or seton shore any Passengers, shall pay to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs in such e.'i1,

Port, Creek, Harbour or Road, for every Tonne of which the said Ship or Vessel is of Burden, to be computed by such Officer of the Customs as shall be thereunto appointed, the Sum of five Shillings current How, to Money of England: (z) And that no such Ship or Vessel be/suffered to depart out of such Port, Creek, continue. Harbour or Road, until the said Duty be fully paid: (3) And that this Duty shall continue to be. col.., levied and paid, for such Time as a certain Duty of fifty Solis per Tonne, lately imposed by the &cfofth° >acc°' French King, or any Part thereof, shall continue to be collected upon the Shipping of England lading in Growth of France, and three Months after and no longer. - t}'e Plantation!.

XVIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of rleand Mei

April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty one, no Sugars, Tobacco, losses by 34 cotton wool, Indicoes, Ginger, Fustick, or other dying Wood, of thegrowth, production or Manu ^nna: 'andsa'6 (0 failure of any English Plantations in America, Asia or Africa, shall be shipped, carried, conveyed or trans copper Oar by ported from any of the said English) Plantations to any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port or Place 8 Geo. 1. C II whatsoever, other than to such other English: Plantations as do belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue §* cefiors, or to the Kingdom of England or Ireland, or Principality of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Ships of Erg tiveed, there to be laid on Shore, (z) under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of the said Goods, or the full Va waie^mun' r lue thereof, as also of the Ship, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition and Furniture; the one to any Engiim Moiety to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall Plantations of seize, inform or sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Ame" ca Afi3> Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed. bebound with

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Ship or Vessel, which from Sureties to bring and after the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our. Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty j^sedtotoen shall let fail out.or from England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any English Plan jand*&c. ° ns" tation in America, Asia or Africa, sufficient Bond shall be given with one Surety to the Chief Officers of Farther provi the customhouse of such Port or Place from whence the said Ship shall set fail, to the Value of one bonds'5l° thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burden than one hundred Tuns; and of the Sum of two thou 7 "g wp sand Pounds, if the Ship shall be of greater Burden: That in Case the said Ship or Vessel shall load <=« §13. any of the said Commodities at any of the said English} Plantations, that the same Commodities shall be f ^nna; C j3 by the said Ship brought to some Port of England, Ireland, Wales, or to the Port or Town of Berwick Repealed as to upon Tweed, and shall there unload and put on Shore the same, the Danger of the Seas only excepted: Ireland by

(z) And for all Ships coming from any other Port or Place to any of the aforesaid Plantations, who by|21*2|cl' 2' his Act are permitted to trade there, that the Governor of such English} Plantations shall before the said Ships coming Ship or Vessel be permitted to lead on Board any of the said Commodities, take Bond in manner and to from her the Value aforesaid, for each respective Ship or Vessel, that such Ship or Vessel shall carry all the afore fhofitpiamu 5' f said Goods that shall be laden on Board in the said Ship to some other of his Majesty's English} Plantations, tions. or to England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed: (3) And that every Ship or Vessel The respective which shall load or take on Board any of the aforesaid Goods, until such Bond given to the said Gover thebonds nor, or Certificate produced from the Officers of any customhouse of England, Ireland, Wales, or of taken twice S the Town of Berwick, that such Bonds have been there duly given, shall be forfeited with all her Guns, yearly ro the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, to beimployed and recovered in Manner, as aforesaid; the said go \ernors and every of them shall twice in every Year after the first Day of January one thousand six hun London. This dred and sixty, return true Copies of all such Bonds by him so taken, to the Chief Officers of the Cuf Return to be tom in London. [Confirmed by 13 Car. z. Stat. 1. C 14.]'veartc6*

& 2.3 Car, 2. C j6. §. 12. Farther Provisions concerning Ships and Navigation, 22 & ij Car. 2. C 17. I Jac. I. C 18. 4 5 Ann. C 20. 6 Ann. r. ^7.

8 Ann. C 17. jo 17. 3 Geo. ?. r. 13. 4 Geo. 1. c. 12. 7 Geo. J. C 21. 8 Geo. i., C 24. n Geo. 1. c. 29. 3 Geo. 2. c. 36. 5 Geo. 2. c. 20.

\h Geo. 2. C 29. 7 Geo. 2. c. 15.9Cfti.2. 10 Geo. 2. c. 14. 14 Geo. 2. c. 39. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34 & 36. 18 Geo. 2. c. 17 * 31. 19 Geo. 2. c. 30.

20 Geo. 2. c. 24. 22 Geo. 2. c. 3 33. 26 Geo. 2. c. 25. 29 Geo. 2. c. 27 & 34. 32 Geo. 2. c. 16 (St 25. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 19.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies.

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That if any Person or Persons at any Time after the first Day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty, shall cause any Goods for which Custom, Subsidy or other Duties are due or payable by Virtue of the Act passed this Parliament, '(entitled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandise exported and imported) to be landed or conveyed away without due Entry thereof first made, and he Customer or Collector, or his Deputy agreed with; That then and in such Case, upon Oath thereof made before the Lord Treasurer, or any of the Barons of the Exchequer, or Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Place next adjoining thereunto, it shall be lawful to and for the Lord T re a surer, or any of the Barons aforesaid, or Chief Magistrate of the Port or

Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Place next adjoining thereunto, to issue out a Warrant

Persons who shall convey away any Good without Entry aixi Agreement for the Custom. 12 Car. 2. C 4. Burn, V 1 — 319,

'he Penalty,

i86 C 20 — 22. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

to any Person or Persons, thereby enabling him or them with the Assistance of a Sheriff, Justice of Peace or Constable, to enter into any House in the daytime where such Goods are fnfpedled to be con 13 &14 Car. i. ceaibd, and in case of Resistance to break open such Houses, and to seize and secure the same Goods so s'anna; tc. 7. concealed; and all Officers and Ministers of Justice are hereby required to be aiding and a (lifting

17. thereunto.

Ncrproceeding; IT. Provided always, That no House shall be entered by Virtue of this Act, unless it be within tyre a£aiaft«nyi; pr01' Space of one Month after tyre Offence supposed to be committed.

within one*III. Provided also, That this Act shall continue in Force unto the End of the first Session of the next Month after the Parliament, and no longer.

Offencegommit

IV. Provided also, That if the Information whereupon any House shall come to be searched. t hecontinu prove to befalfe, that then and in such Case, the Party injured! shall recover his full Damages and Costs ance of this Act; against the Informer, by Action of Trespass to be therefore brought against such Informer. [Confirmed costs^ainst by Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 7. And by 1 Ann. Stat. 1. C 13. §. 2. and by9 Ann. C 6.. §. z. Made perpetual false Informers, by 3 Geo. I. C J

Farther Provisions retiring to custonts, 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. 6 Geo. r. C 21. 7 Geo. I. St, 1. C 21. 8 Geo!. I. C 15, 18 31.9 Geo. 1.. r. 21. XI Geo. 1. c. 7 & 3a

12 Geo. 1. c. 28. 1 Geo. 2. St. 2. C 17. 15geo. i, c. 31. 18 Geo. 2. c. 28. 39 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 28. 28 Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2. c. 18 & 29. and 32 Geo. 2. CL jq.

Cap. XX.

An Act for the raising of sevenfeore thousand Pounds for the complete Disbanding of the whole Army,

and paying Part of the Navy.

EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the speedy Railing of Seventy thousand Pounds, for the present Supply of his Majesty.

EXP. 13 & 14 Car. z. C to.

Grievance.'

CAP. XXII.

An; at for the Regulating of the Trade of bay making in the Butch Bay hall in?

Colchester

WHEREAS by the special Favour of Queen Elizabeth' there was a Congregation of Butch Peo pie' tolerated to practice thy Art and Trade of Bay and Say making in the Town of Colchester in.

*. the County of Essex; and for the Upholding the Credit of the said Trade, and for the Avoiding and Pu ' rifling all unjust and fraudulent Dealings therein, there have been diverse good and laudable: Orders and Constitutions made, which were confirmed by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England in the tenth year of King James, and by feverat Orders made by the late King's Privy Council; the strict and exact Execution of which said Orders and: Constitutions by the Governors of the Dutch Bay hall there, hath brought that Kind of Drapery into high Credit, not only at Home, but also in Foreign Parts, and that by Reason of the said Trade, many thousands of poor People, both within the said. Town of Colchester and Places thereabout, are daily employed and set to work: (2) notwithstanding: which said Orders, and the Care of the Governors of the said Dutch Bay hall, many fraudulent and deceitful Commodities, and slight and naughty Bays, have been and daily are by the secret and crafty Practises of some Men made in the said Town, and are weekly brought and conveyed to London by certain Persons using the Trade of Buying and Selling of Cohhester Bays, before.such Time as the said

'*have been viewed, searched, measured and sealed by the sworn Officers of the said Dutch Bay hall,

which said Bays so deceitfully and fraudulently made, are transported beyond the Seas under the Name,

' and oftentimes with the Seal of Colchester Bays, whereby the Bays there made are not of that Credit and:

' Esteem as formerlyfor the preventing of which said Practises and Deceits, (3) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty. the Assent of the Lords and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the Governors of the said Dutch Bay hall' in Colchester, and the Dutch People there living, shall and may from henceforth peaceably and quietly use and exercise the free Trade of making Bays, Says, and other Foreign Draperies within the said Town of Colchester, and be permitted to govern the said Trade in their Assemblies and Congregations, with all such Liberties, Privileges, Immunities, and in as full and ample Manner, as they nave at any Time heretofore enjoyed the same by Virtue of any Order, Grant or Toleration to them made by Queen Elizabeth, King g' James, or the late King Charles' of Blessed Memory, or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, and after the twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and thebay hal ffiah weave or cause to be woven within the said Town of Colchester, or the Liberties thereof, and searched any Bay known by the Name of Four and Fifties, Sixties, sixty eights, Eighties and Hundred Bays, and shall not within two Days after such Weaving, carry or cause such Bay to be carried to the Dutch Bay hall, called the Raw hall, there to be viewed and searched, to the Intent it may appear whether the same Bay be well anii substantially wrought, before as the said Bay shall be carried to be No Fuller shall scoured and thicked; (2) or if any Fuller or Thicker, or other Person using. the Art or Trade of full work any Bays ing or Thicking of Bays, shall receive any such Bay to be fulled and thicked before such Time as the abowedcnecl an ^alc^ Bay. hath been, carried to the said Raw hall, and there damped and marked, as by the Orders of

Confirmation of the Privilege of the Dutch bay Hall.

All Bays made at Colchester must be carried

I

A.D. 1660. Anno Duodecimo Carqli II C 23. 187

the said Hall it ought to be; (?) That every such Weaver that shall so convey the said Bay, and every such Fuller and Thicker that shall receive such Bay, before the same be damped and marked as aforesaid,

shall forfeit for the first Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Penalty of Wen

offender's Goods, returning the Overplus, the necessary Charges of Distraining being first deducted; vers and Fuller

(4) and such Forfeitures, in case such Bay be made by an English master maker, then the same to be en u T accounted for to the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Town for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Town; and in case such Bay be tyre Bay of a Dutch master maker, then the same to be disposed by the Governors of the said Dutch Bay hall for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Dutch Congregation; and for the second Offence shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and disposed in Manner abovesaid; and for the third Offence, not to be permitted, to work any more within the Town of Third Offence,

Colchester or Liberties thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall buy any No Bays to be of the aforesaid Bays, or convey or carry, or cause such Bay to be conveyed or carried out of the said caruedoutof town of Colchester, before such Time as the said Bay hath been viewed, iearched, stamped, sealed and rea.chvdand' LI measured as aforesaid, by the sworn Officers of the said Dutch Bay hall thereunto appointed, that in such lowed.

Case the said Bay so bought or carried, or offered to be earned or conveyed away, as aforesaid, shall be confiscated, the one Moiety to him or them that seize the same, and the other Moiety to the Poor of Penalty, the Parish where the said Bay shall be taken and seized.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever Penalty for shall from and after the said twentieth Day of September counterfeit or cause to be counterfeited any of the Corporation the Seals used by the Corporation or Congregation of the Dutch Bay hall in Colchester, or shall, notffie Seal. V ing the Officer thereunto by the said Corporation appointed, and in the Place by them thereunto appointed, affix any such 'Seal or Seals to my 'colchester Bays, whether counterfeited or not counterfeited;

that every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for his first Offence forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Governors of the said Dutch Bay hall the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or in the Town court of Colchester, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Information or otherwise, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager Of Law shall be allowed; (2) and for the second Offence, being convicted as aforesaid, shall stand in the Pillory In the Market or most public Place where such Offence shall be committed for the Space of one Hour;

'(3) and for the third Offence, being as aforesaid convicted, 'shall suffer as a Felon: And if any Bays Third Offence.

shall be taken carrying or carried out of Colchester without the Mark of the Maker, that all such Bay shall be forfeit.

V. And for the better Discovering, finding out and Punishing of the Frauds and Deceits aforesaid, Power to feareh be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of earn and Packs, the said Dutch Bay hall', or their Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time in the daytime, to search any Cart, Wagon or Pack, wherein they shall have Notice or suspect any such deceitful Bays to.

be; and also from Time to Time with a Constable, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting tosearchhouses Jcxctckr to them, to make Search in any House, Shop or ware house, where they are informed any such de withaconftabic. ceitful Bays to be, and to secure and seize the same, and carry the same to the Dutch Bay hall; (2) and Forfeiture of de that such Bays so seized and carried to the said Hall, shall be confiscate and forfeit, to be disposed in such ceitful Bays,

Manner as the Forfeitures herein before mentioned to be paid by the Weavers and Fullers are herein before limited and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Managing and Regu Power to make lating of the said Art or Trade of making the Bays aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and Bylaws.

for the Governors of the said Dutch Bay hall, from Time to Time, to make, constitute and appoint such Orders, Bylaws and Constitutions, as to them shall seem meet and reasonable.

VII. Provided, That no such Order, Bylaw orconstitution to be made, either in Diminution of whothulsp the King's Prerogative, or the Laws of this Kingdom, be used or executed, until the same Orders, By prove of them.

Laws and Constitutions have been examined and approved by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer of

England, or Chief justices of either Bench, or any three of them, or before both the Justices of Assize in their Circuit or Progress in the said County of ejj'ex, upon Pain of Forfeiture of twenty Pounds for every Time they shall do the contrary. This Abl to begin and take Effect from the twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty,

CAP. XXIII.

A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for the Increase of his majesty's Revenue during his Life.

' rt"vhe Commons assembled in Parliament, in Gratitude for an humble Acknowledgment of your Majesty's great Grace and Favour to us your Commons, beyond Example of any your Royal Progenitors, expressed in many public Acts and Declarations, to the great Rejoicing and general Sa

of all your People, which they desire to answer with Returns suitable and exceeding the Ex

of any of their Ancestors, for the Increasing of your majesty's Revenue during your majesty's

' Reign, (which God long continue)' Do therefore give and grant unto your most Excellent Majesty the The Rates given Rates and Duties, Impositions, Charges and Sums of Money herein after following; and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; (2) and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, that from and after

188 C. 23. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, there shall be throughout your majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected and paid unto your Majesty during your Life, for Beer, Ale, Cyder and other Liquors herein Of r after mentioned, the several Rates, Impositions, Duties and Charges. herein after expressed, and in 1 .14. ^janner amj porm following: That is to say,

Beer and Ale abide 63. the Barrel.

Beer and Ale of 6s. the Barrel,

f yder, Perry,

Metheglin,

Mead.

Vinegar Beer.

strong water. Beer and Ale imported.

Cyder and Perry imported.

Spirits imported.

strong water

imported.

Coffee.

c.iocol ire.

3 & 4 W. & M. j Geo. i. Stat. z.

II. For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person 1

or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the Common Brewer, or by XV d. such other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling threepence. I

III. For every Barrel of six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons 1

who doth or shall sell or tap out such Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the said Common Brewer, or by such III d. other Person or Persons respectively, as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, threepence.

IV. For all cyder.and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, and foj proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure, one Shilling threepence.

f xv.d,

Ob.

i. d.

i. d.

hi. s.

V For all Metheglin or Mead sold, whether by Retail or otherwise, to be paid by the Maker thereof, upon every Gallon,

one Half penny.

VI. For every Barrel of Beer, commonly called Vinegar beer, brewed by any Common Brewer in any Common Brewhouse,

sixpence.

VII. For every Gallon of Strong Water or aqva v\ut, made and sold, to be paid by the Maker thereof, one Penny. —

VIII. For every Barrel of lleer or Ale imported from beyond theseas, three Shillings.

IX. For every Tonne of Cyder or Perry, imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quan 7

tity, five Shillings. -- --'5 6'

X For every Gallon of Spirits made of any kind of Wine or Cyder imported, twopence - t.

XI. For every Gallon of Strong Water perfeduy made; imported from beyond the Seas, fourpence. IV d.

XII. For every Gallon of Coffee made and sold, to be paid by the Maker thereof, fourpence. — jv. d.

XIII. For every Gallon of Chocolate, Sherbet and Tea, made and sold, to be paid by the Maker thereof, eight Pence.' VIII d.

These Duties are enlarged and continued by iz Car. z. C 24. 22 & 22 Car. 2. C 5. 1 W. & M. Self! 1. C 24. 2 W, M. Self. 2, C io. C 1. 4 & 5 W. MC. 3. 5 & 6 W. & M. C 7. and C 20. 7 & 8w. 3. C 30. 10 & 11 W. 3. C 21. 4annse, C 6. 8 Annse, C 7 C 12. §; 8. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

The Excise upon

XIV. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates, imported to bes duties ari(t Charges of Excise or new Imports abovementioned, hereby fetor imposed upon all and psid by theim every the said foreign Liquors which shall be imported or brought into all or any the Ports of this Kiogr porters in Mo dom and Dominions thereof aforesaid, from and after the five and twentieth Day of December next, fl«ydepbefmetrie3 be from Time to Time, satisfied and paid by the Merchant or Merchants, Importer or Importers landing. of the same, in Ready Money, upon his or their Entry or Entries' made, and before the Landing bum/r. 1.329. thereof.' -

Common Brew

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Common Brewers of Beer and Ale ers to account shall once in every Week, and all innkeepers, alehouse keepers, Victuallers, and other Retailers otherretsh ers f Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Strong Water, Brewing, Making or Retailing the same, of Beer, Ale, C shall once in every Month make true and particular Entries at the Office of excise, within the Limits monthly. of which the said Commodities and Manufactures are made, of all Beer, Ale, Perry, Cyder, Metheglin,

Strong Water, or other the Liquors aforesaid, which they or any of them shall brew, make or retail in that Week and Month respectively, as aforesaid.

The Penalty for

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Common Brewers who do as°'foiepd'1"8 not once a Week made due and particular Entries, shall forfeit five Pounds: 1 (2) And that every such as a 01c, u. innkeeper who doth not make true and particular Entries once a Month, shall forfeit five Pounds: (3) And that every alehouse keeper, Victualler or other Retailer, who doth not once a Month make due and particular Entries, shall forfeit twenty Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Common Brewer who shall not pay and dear off within a Week after he made his Entry, or ought to have made his Entry, as aforesaid, shall pay double the Value of the Duty: (2) And that every innkeeper, alehouse keeper, Victualler or' other Retailer, who shall not pay and clear off within a Month after he made his Entry, or ought to have made his Entry, as aforesaid, shall pay double the Value of the Duty: (3) The said respective Forfeitures to be levied upon their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner and Form as hereafter in this Act is ordained and directed.,

XVIII. Provided, That no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled by the Commissioners or sub impelled by the Commissioners of Excise, to travel for the making of the said Entries or Payment of the said Duties or commissioners other Cause whatsoever touching or concerning the same if he live in a market town out of the said of Excise to go Town; if he live out of a Market town, then to no other Place than to the next Market town to his > king the iien" Habitation in the same County, on the Market day.

tres than the next Market town.

farther provi

XIX. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners s cions relating who shall be appointed by his Majesty for putting this Act in Execution, and their Sub of si et, ?Car in their respective Circuits and Divisions, shall hereby have Power to constitute under their Hands and 11

2. C 11.39. geais? puch anq f0 many Gagers as they shall find needful: (2) Which Gagers, and every of them, shall at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, and if by Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or r other lawful Officer, be permitted upon their Request to enter the House, brew house, distilling house, and all other Houses and Places whatsoever belonging to or ured by any Brewer, innkeeper, Victualler, or other Retailer of Beer, brewing or making the same as aforesaid, or by any Distiller of Strong Waters, or Retailer of other the Liquors aforesaid, and to gauge all Coppers, Fats and Vessels in the same, and to take an Account of Beer, Ale, Worts, Perry, Cyder, Strong Waters, aqua vita, Metheglin, or other the Liquors aforesaid, in the said Houses, Places and Vessels, from Time to Time, brewed or made, and 8 dillilled)

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 23. 189

distilled; (3) and thereof to make Return or Report in Writing to the said Commissioners or sub commissioner of Excise, under whose Office and Limits such Brewer, Retailer, Distiller or Maker of the Liquors aforesaid, doth dwell and inhabit, leaving a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand with such Brewer, Retailer, Distiller or Makers of the Liquors aforesaid; (and such Reports or Returns of the said Gagers shall be a Charge upon the said Brewers, Makers and Retailers respectively; (5) and if any such Common Brewer or Retailer shall refuse to permit any such Gager or Gagers to enter his Brewhouse, or any other Place aforementioned, or to gauge or take Account of his Brew ng vessels, or of any such beer, Ale, Worts, Perry, Cyder, Strong Water, aqua vita, Metheglin. or other the Liquors aforesaid, such Brewer, Retailer or Distiller shall be forthwith forbidden by the said Gager or Gagers to sell, carry out or deliver to any of his Customers any Beer, Ale, Strong W. ter, //yua vita, or other the Liquors aforesaid; (6) And if any such brewer, Retailer or Distiller of any the Liquors aforesaid, after such Warning given, shall sell, carry or deliver out there same, or any Part the: eof, not having paid and cleared the Duty of Excise, such Person and Persons shall, besides the forfeitu.e of double the Value, forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds, as aforesaid, for every Offence, to be leiied and recovered upon his or their Goods and Chattels in Manner and Form as hereafter in this Act is provided.

XX. And for the avoiding of all Incertainty and Dispute touching, the Returns made or to be made by the Gagers of any Beer or Ale so brewed as aforesaid; (2) Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every six and thirty Gallons of Beer taken by the Gauge according to the Standard of the Ale Quart, four whereof shall make the Gallon, remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlains of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall be reckoned, accounted and returned by the Gager for p Barrel of Beer; and every two and thirty Gallons of Ale taken by the Gauge according to the Erne Standard, shall be in like Manner reckoned, accounted and returned for a Barrel of Ale; and all other the Liquors aforesaid according to the Wine Gallon.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Brew: rs or Retailers of Beer and Ale shall take any more in the Price thereof, upon Sale of the same, than ccording to the usual Rates and Prices: Saving that every Common Brewer shall and may take and eceive of all and every Person and Persons to whom he shall sell and deliver any Ale or Beer, the Excise hereupon due as aforesaid, over and above the usual Rates and Prices.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Encouragement of all ommon Brewers and Makers of Beer or Ale to make due Entry and Payment thereof according as by:

: Act is appointed, the said Common Brewer not selling the same by Retail, for and in Consideration f Waste by Fillings and Leakage of their Beer and Ale, shall have and be allowed out of the said Reurns made by the Gagers the several Allowances and Abatements hereafter mentioned, (that is to say) jupon every three and twenty Barrels of Beer, whether strong or small, returned by the said Gagers, three Barrels; and upon every two and twenty Barrels of Ale, whether strong or small, returned by" the igagers, two Barrels; which said Allowances and Abatements the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and their Sub of, are hereby authorised to allow and make accordingly.

XXIII. Provided always, That where any Common Brewer shall wittingly or willingly make a false Entry, and be convicted for the same before the Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, or any two of them, or before such other Person or Persons as are hereafter by this Act appointed, in that Case such Brewer or Brewers shall forfeit and lose, over and besides the Penalties before mentioned, the said Allowance so to be made for six Months then next ensuing.

XXIV. And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Beer or Ale shall be delivered in by such Brewer or Maker thereof, to any Victualler or other Retailer thereof, until the Rate, Svhich by such Victualler or Retailer is to be paid, over and above the Price of the said Beer or Ale, for 'or in Respect of this Duty, be first paid and satisfied by the said Victualler or Retailer to the Brewer or Makerthereof.

XXV. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall brew and fell by Retail any small Quantities of Beer or Ale in any Fair within this Realm or Dominions aforesaid, who is not otherwise any common or usual Brewer or Retailer thereof, and shall before any such Selling and Retailing thereof, well and truly pay and satisfy the Duty due for the same to the Commissioners or Sub of within whose Limits or Divisions the same Fair shall be held, or to their Officers thereunto appointed; That then such Person or Persons so brewing or retailing the same, and for so much and no more, nor otherwise, shall be freed and discharged from all Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this Act before mentioned and imposed; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Sub of respectively, to compound for this Duty with any Innkeeper, Victualler, ale housekeeper or Retailer of Beer, Ale and other the Liquors aforesaid, within their respective Divisions from Time to Time, in such Manner and Form as may be most for the Advantage and Improvement of the Receits thereof; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And it is further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or such other Person or Penons as his Majesty shall appoint, shall have power and are hereby authorised and empowered from Time to Time to treat, contract, conclude and agree with any Person or Persons for or concerning the Farming of all or any

the Rates, Duties and Charges in this Act mentioned upon Beer, Ale, Perry, Cyder or other the Liquors aforesaid, in any the respective Counties, Cities or Places of this Realm or Dominions thereof) as may be for the greatest Benefit and Advantage of the said Receipt, so as the same exceed not the T enn of three

fears.

Returns mado' by the Gagers.

What shall be reckoned a Barrel of Beer.

The Barrel of Ale.

Abatements and Allowance to be' made (or Waite and Leakage.

Forfeiture for' false Entries.

No Ale or Beer' to be delivered to the Retailr r before the Rate be paid.

Beer and Ale sold in Fairs.

t1 ecommifiio r.ers may compound with any Inn keeper. Retailer orviftual ler.

Any the Rates in this Act maybe farmed for three Years.

XXVIII

I C o C

23-

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

Persons con trifling that be nominated by the Justices of the Peace in every County, shall have the Refusal of any Farm.

Forfeitures and Offences within this Act, where determined.

jhardres473,

Salk. 555.

*Mod. 283,

Appeals by Parries grieved.

Fires and fnr ieitures may be mitigated.

How the Fines and Forfeitures shall be employed.

commifkoners and Governors for manag ng the Receipts of Excise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Contrast, Bargain and Agreement of he Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or other Persons aforesaid, on behalf of his Majesty on the one Part, and the Person or Persons farming on the other Part, hall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIX. Provided always, to the End the aforesaid Duty may be paid with most Ease to the People, it is hereby further enacted, That the Lord Treasurer, Commissioners of the Treasury or other Persons aforesaid, shall not within six Months after Commencement of this Act, treat, conclude or agree with any Person or Persons touching the Farming of this Duty upon Beer and Ale in any the respective Counties or Places of this Realm or Dominions thereof, other than with such Person or Persons as by the Justices of Peace of the said Counties or Places, or the major Part of them at their public quarter sessions, shall be nominated and appointed in that Behalf, which Person or Persons is to have the first Refusal of any such Farm respectively, and may take the same; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided, That the said Duty hall not be let to any other Person or Persons than to the Person or Persons recommended by the Justices, under the Rate that it shall betendred to, and refused by, such Person or Persons so recommended.

XXXI. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed against this Act or any Clause or Article therein contained, shall be heard, adjudged and determined by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Form as hereafter in and by this Act is directed and appointed; that is to say, (z) all such Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within the immediate Limits of the Chief Office in London, shall be heard, adjudged and determined by the said Chief Commissioners and Governors of Excise (appointed by his Majesty) or the major Part of them, or by the Commissioners for Appeals and regulating of this Duty, or the major Part of them, in Case of Appeal, and not otherwise: And all such Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within all or any other the Counties, Cities, Towns or Places within this Kingdom or Dominions thereof, hall be heard and determined by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeitures shall be made or Offence committed: (4) And in Case of neglect or Refusal of such Justices of the Peace, by the Space of fourteen Days next after Complaint made, and Notice thereof given to the Offender, then the Sub of or the major Part of them appointed for any such City, County, Town or Place, hall and are hereby empowered to hear and determine the same: (5) And if the Party find himself aggrieved by the Judgement given by the said Sub of, he shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter sessions, who are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same, whose Judgement therein shall be final; (6) which said Commissioners for Appeals and regulating of this Duty, and the Chief Commissioners for Excise, and all Justices of Peace and Sub of aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required upon any Complaint or Information exhibited and brought of any such Forfeiture made or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to summon the Party accused, and upon his Appearance or Contempt to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they or any Two or more of them have hereby Power to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence, according as in and by this Act is before ordained and directed; and to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands for the Levying of such Forfeitures, Penalties and Fines as by this Act isimposed for any such Offence committed, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and to eause Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus if any be, and for Want of sufficient Distress to imprison the Party offending till Satisfaction be made.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Justices of the Peace, Commissioners for Excise, or any Two of them, or their Sub of respectively, from Time to Time, where they hall see Cause, to mitigate, compound or lessen such Forfeiture, Penalty or Fine, as in their Discretion they shall think fit; and that every such Mitigation and Payment thereupon accordingly made, shall be a sufficient Discharge of the said Penalties and Forfeitures to the Persons so offending, so as by such Mitigation the same be not made less than double the Value of the Duty of Excise, which should oroughtto have been paid, besides the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Officer or Officers or others as were employed therein, to be to them allowed by the said Justices; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: (2) And it is hereby further enacted and ordained. That all Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act, allnecessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be employed, three fourth Parts thereof to and for the uceot the King's Majesty, and the other fourth Part to the Discoverer or Informer of the same. (3) And for the better Managing, Collecting, Securing, Levying and recovering of ail and every the said Rates and Charges of Excise hereby imposed, and set upon all or any of the Commodities before mentioned, to 11 the End the same may be paid and disposed of according to the Intent of this present Act; (4) be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That one principal Head Office shall be erected and continued in the City of London, or within ten Miles thereof, from Time to Time, as long as his Majesty shall think lit, for this Duty, unto which all other Offices for the same within England and Wales, and the Town and Port of Berwick, shall be subordinate and accountable; which said Office shall be managed by such Officers as shall be appointed by the King's Majesty as aforesaid, who, or any two of them, are hereby appointed and constituted Commissioners and Governors for the Management of his Majesty's Receipt of the Excise, and to sit in some convenient Place in the City of London or within ten Miles thereof, from Time to Time, as long as his Majesty shall think fit.

D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Carol r IL C 23. 191

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall fe capable f intermeddling with any Office or Imployment relating to the Excise, until he or they shall before two r more Justices of the Peace in the County, where his or their Employment shall be, or before one of je Barons of the Exchequer, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, which' Oaths they have ereby Power to administer, together with this Oath following, Mutatis Mutandis.

(2) VTOU shall swear to execute the Office of truly and faithfully, without Favour or The Oath, -

j[ Affection, and shall from Time to Time true Account make and deliver to such Person and Persons as his Majesty shall appoint to receive the same, and shall take' no See or Reward for the Execution of the said Office, from any other Person than from his Majesty, or those whom his Majesty shall appoint in that Behalf

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Justice of Peace shall Certificates at [ertify the Taking of such Oath to the next Quarter sessions, there to be recorded; (z) and it is further ter semont^" nafted. That all Parts of the Cities of London and Westminster, with the Borough of Southwark, and the London, w'eft several Suburbs thereof, and Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be under the imine minder, soudi tate Care, Inspection and Management of the said Head Office; c3) and such, and so many subordinate oilers to be Commissioners and Sub of, and other Officers and Ministers for the Execution of the Preappointed by his lisles, shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed by his Majesty, in all and every other the marity. ounties, Cities, Towns and Places within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Port of

Berwick, as from Time to Time his Majesty shall think fit. (4) And it is hereby further enacted, That the The excise lid Office of Excise in all Places where' it shall be appointed, shall be kept open from eight of the Clock kc^oncn

1 the Morning till twelve of the Clock at Noon, and from two of the Clock in the Afternoon till five of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the due Execution and Performance of all and every the Matters and

Things in this act appointed and required. (5) And it is further hereby enacted, That the said Chief The Moneys co

'ommissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time issue forth and pay such j^to the Receipt

!um and Sums of Money, as shall from Time to Time be received, collected or levied by Virtue of this of theexche p

Act, into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer. q«r.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be fried Persons rued jr prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in Pursuance of this Act, he or they shall TV t!fvvhe' Ind may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence for his Defence; (2) and if upon the t, encia ue' Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, then

uch the Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Exe writs.ofcer jtion or other Proceedings, upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid in Pursuance of his Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon, any such Proceedings; Wit or Writs or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Actor anything therein contained, proviso for hall not be prejudicial to Edward Backzvell Alderman of London, as to the Sum of twenty-eight thousand r^w backweu our hundred and listy Pounds, or any Part thereof, by him advanced upon the Credit of several Orders r, 1^ay1ment o if this present Parliament, and by them charged on the Receipt of the Grand excise; that is to say, the*45

Sum of five thousand Pounds payable to his Majesty's Surveyor General for the Repair of his Majesty's rloufes, charged by Virtue of an Order of the sixth of September one thousand six hundred sixty, with |.nterest for the same; the Sum of ten thousand Pounds advanced to her Highness the Princess Royal, icing charged with Interest by an Order of the thirteenth of September one thousand six hundred sixty, the ium of ten thousand Pounds payable to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia, being charged, together with nterest, by an Order of the thirteenth of September one thousand six hundred sixty, the Sum of three thousand four hundred' and fifty Pounds payable for Provisions for Dunkirk, by an Order of the twenty sixth if November one thousand six hundred sixty; which Sum of twenty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty 3ounds, together with the Interest for the same, according to the Tenor of the said Orders, after the late of six percent, shall be paid to the said Edward Backzvell ox his Afiiigns, out of the Grand Excise. the Arrears thereof in Course, as is by the said Orders appointed; and in Case the same shall fall hort in Payment by the twenty-fifth of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, that then the Remainder shall continue secured to him out of the whole Excise in Course as aforesaid, and that no other Payments be made out of the Excise, by what is appointed by this present Parliament in Course to pre ede the same, until the said Debt due to the said Edward Backwell be satisfied; that in Case any Part if the Moneys due to Alderman Backwell, be paid out of that Part of the Excise which shall grow due to be King's Majesty, that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed the same out of the first Moneys that shall; in of tive Arrears of Excise. that will be due the said twenty-fifth of December, [Confirmed by 13 For further p -- Car. static, L

"Rcfertncez to the following Chapter,

C 24. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for Taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof.

r°n5°f 4 WHEREAS it hath been found by former Experience, That the Courts of Wards and Liveries, tlis t' and Tenures by Knights service, either of the King or others, or by Knights service in Capite,

' or Socage in Capite of the King, and the Consequents upon the same, have been much more burden some, grievous and prejudicial to the Kingdom, than they have been beneficial to the King: (2) And whereas since the Intermission of the said Court, which hath been from the four and twentieth Day of February which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and five, many Persons have by Will and otherwise made Disposal of their Lands held by Knights service, whereupon diverse Questions might possibly arise, unless some seasonable Remedy be taken to prevent the same) Be it therefore enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, with the Assent of the Lords and Commons in w^rdstandl^ Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, and it is hereby enacted, That the Court of veries* Primer" Wards and Liveries, and all Wardships, Liveries, Primer Seifins and Oufterlemains, Values and for seifins, C feitures of Marriages, by Reason of any Tenure' of the King's Majesty, or of any other by knights uken away. Sendee, and all mean Rates, and all other Gifts, Grants, Charges incident or arising, for or by Reason ofwardships, Liveries, Primer Seifins or Oufterlemains be taken away and discharged, and are hereby ..enabled to be taken away and discharged, from the said twenty-fourth Day of February one thousand six hundred fortyfive; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise not with finesforake standing: (4) And that all Fines for Alienations, Seizures and Pardons for Alienations, Tenure by ukenaw?0' Homage, and all Charges incident or arising, for or by Reason of Wardship, Livery, Primer Seisin or "enaway' Oufterlcmain, or Tenure by Knights service, Escuage, and also Aid pur file marrier, and Pur fair fitz Ghivalier, all other Charges incident thereunto, be likewise taken away and discharged, from the said twenty-fourth Day of February one thousand six hundred forty and five; any Law, Statute Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding: (3) And that all Tenures by Knights ser tenures by vice of the King, or of any other per soil, and by Knights service in Capite, and by Socage in Capite t^ie ar'd the Fruits and Consequents thereof, happened or which shall or may hereafter hap

Mad. hiji.exc. pen or arise thereupon or thereby, be taken away and discharged; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage 13zj 433- to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding; (6) and all Tenures of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Estate of any Inheritance at the common-law, held either of the King, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, are hereby enabled to be turned into free and common Socage, to all Intents and Purposes, from the said twenty-fourth Day of February one thousand six hundred fortyfive, and shall be so construed, adjudged and deemed to be from the said twenty-fourth Day of February one thousand six hundred fortyfive, and for ever thereafter turned into free and common Socage; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding;

by Ho

II. And that the same shall for ever hereafter stand and be discharged of all Tenure by Homage, y0113?' Escuage, Voyages Royal and Charges for the same, Wardships incident to Tenure by Knights serve ce, C fc arged. an(j Values and Forfeitures of Marriage, and all other Charges incident to Tenure by Knights service, and of and from Aide pur file marrier, and Aide pur fair fitz Ghivalier; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that all Conveyances and Devises of any Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments made since the said twenty-fourth Day of February, shall be expounded to be of such Eftebt, as if the same Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments had been then held and continued to be held in free and common Socage only; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The Acts of

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That one I h'h s'fu Abl made in the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Establishment of the Court of repealed.'the King Wards; and also one Act of Parliament made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, concerning the Officers of the Court of Wards and Liveries, and every Cliufe, Article and Matter in the said Acts contained, shall from henceforth be repealed and utterly void.

b cs^eth it H'. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tenures hereafter to be created the kinghere by the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Gifts or Grants of any Manors, Lands, tcne after shall ba ments or Hereditaments, of any Estate of Inheritance at the common-law, shall be in free and com raovsc* at" 1110p Socage, and shall be adjudged to be in free and common Socage only, and not by Knights service Uyec 4^apkas. or Capite, and shall be discharged of al Wardship, Value and Forfeiture of Marriage, Livery, Primer Seisin, Oufterlemain, Aide pur fair fitz Ghivalier and pur file marrier; any Law, Statute or Reservadon to the ntrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Proviso for V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not serio s0e&'n' sake away nor e construed to take away, any Rents certain, Heriots or Suits of Court belonging or'"incident to any former Tenure now taken away or altered by Virtue of this Act, or other Services incident

or belonging to Tenure in common Socage, due or to grow due to the King's Majesty, or mean Leeds, or other private Person, or the Fealty and Distresses incident thereunto; (2) and that such Relief shall be paid in Respebl of such Rents as is paid in Case of a Death of a Tenant in common Socare.

VI. Proa.

D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 24. 193

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That anything herein contained shall not take away, not r, rm, nral' he conlhiicd to take away, any Fines lor Alienation due by particular Cnftorns of pameulr Manor p*'"j, / ami Places, other titan L ines lor Alienations of Lands or I cucinents held immediately of the King nomtoi min Capite. n, r'

vlj. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall jr'a"uk'^|'n" not take away, or lie conllmed to take away, Tenures in Frank almitn, or to fubp.dt them to any greater'm', r'n*

or other Services than ilicy now are; (z) nor to alter or change any Tenure by Copy of Court roll, or £rpr °* c"finny Services incident I hereunto; (3) nor to take away the honorary Services of Grand Serjeant, otheriiwury than of vvardlliip, Marriage and value of Forfeiture of Marriage, Efeuage, Voyages Koval and other sci»h». Charges incident to Tenure by Knights service; and other than tide purjaier Jttz Chivalur, and Aide pur file warier.

VIII. And be it further enacted l>y the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person hath or shall have Paurumaydit any chilj or Children under the Age of one and twenty Years, and not mariied at the Time of L wstoy0ofchuu" Depth, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Father ot such Child or Children, whether borndfcnqurir(: '

at the Time of the Decease of the Father, or at that Time in ventre fa mere, or whether such Father bestir Mmonty,

within the Age of one and twenty Years, or of full Age, by his Deed executed in his lifetime, or by

his last Will and Testament in Writing, in the Preleiice of two or more credible witnesses, in such Manner, and from Time to Time as lie shall respectively think lit, to dispose of the Custody and

Tuition of such Child or Children, for and during such Time as he or they shall respectively remain

under the Age of one and twenty Years, or any Idler Time, to any Person or Persons in Possession or

Remainder, other than Popish Recusants; fz) and that such Disposition of the Custody of such Child or

Children made since the twenty-fourth of February one thousand six hundred forty live, or hereafter to be

made, diall he good and effectual against all and every Person or Persons claiming tic Custody or Tuition

of such Child or Children as Guardian in Socage or otherwise: (3) And that such Person or Persons, to

w)tom the Cudody of such Child or Children hath been or shall be so disposed or devised as aforesaid,

shall and may maintain an aion of Raviflunent of Ward or Trespass, against any Person or Persons ward which diall wrongfully take away or detain fuclt Child or Children, 'for the Recovery of such Child or Children; (4) and shall and may recover Damages for the same in the said action, for the Use and iknefit of such Child or Children.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons, to whom the Custody of such Child Qr jhllind' Children hath been or shall be so disposed or devised, shall and may take into his or their Custody to the the Manage Use of such Child or Children, the Profits of all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of such Child or ment of ihtir Children; and also the Custody, Tuition and Management of the Goods, Chattels and Personal Ellate

of such cliim or Children, till their respeifuve Age of one and twenty Years, or any lesser Time, accord cuatdiani.'ing to such Difnofition aforesaid; (3) and imay, bring such aion or Actions in relation thereunto, as by Law a Guardian in common Socagenjight do.

X Provided alfq. That this act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to alter or prejudice the Custom of the City of London, nor of any other City or Town Corporate, or of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, concerning Orphans; nor to discharge any Apprentice from his Apprenticeftnp.

XI. Provided also, That neither this act, nor anything therein contained, shall infringe or hurt Provisotoucfiirj

any Title of Honour, Feodal or other, I by which any Person hath or may have Right to sit in the^' "le5f°^j>* Lords house of Parliament, as to his or their Title of Honour, or sitting in Parliament, and the Pri nour e 1' vilege belonging to them as Peers; this.aft, or any Tiling therein contained to the Contrary irt any > n

wise notwithstanding.

' And whereas by like Experience it hath been found, That though. dixers good, strict, and Purveyancoind wholesome Laws have been made in the Times of fimdry his Majesty's most noble Progenitors, fonte for extending so far as to Life, for Redress of the Grievances and Oppressions committed by the Persons Houihoia ukea employed for making Provisions for the King's Houshold, Carriages and other Purveyance for his Ma '.>*

' jesty and his Occasions; yet diverse Oppressions have been dill continued, and several Counties jravfe submitted themselves to sundry Rates and Taxes and Composition to redeem themselves frpjn such Vexations and Oppressions: (z) And forasmuch as the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament do find that the said Remedies are not fully eftefinal, and that.no other Remedy will be so cftefviidl and just, as to take away tile Occasion tltereof, especially if Satisfaction and Recompense shall be there fore made to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which is hereby provided to his Majesty's Gooii liking and Content; 'His Majesty is therefore graciously pleased, That it may be enabled; (3] and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty? by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That from henceforth no Sum or Sums of Money or other Thing shall be taken, raised, taxed, rated, imposed, paid or levied, for or in regard of any provision. Carriages or Purveyance for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XIII. And that henceforth no Person or Persons by any Warrant, Commission or Authority under Pvyfyanccvftr the Great Seal or otherwise, by Colour of buying or making Provision or Purveyance lor Ins Majesty's or <wj, Jr any Queen of England for the Time being, or of any the Children of any King or Queen of '.England r?'1

for the Time being or that shall be, or for his, their or any of their Iloumold, shall take any Timber, Timbtr, c»n»; Fuel, Cattle, Corn, Grain, Malt, Hay, Straw, Victual, Cart, Carriage or other thing whatsoever, ofcarr(as ". &« any the Subjoins of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, without the free 'and full Consent of the Owner aucred h', ', or Owners thereof had and obtained without Menace or Inforcement; (2) nor shall summon, wa rn, take, car. -. srat.v. use or require any of the said Subjects, to furnifti or find any Horfts, Oxen or other Cattle, Carts, C s § = J Ploughs, Wains or other Carriages, for the Use of his Majesty, Ins Heirs or Successors, or of any Queen

\ OL. III C C I - of i Jac. C ta

194 C 24.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

No preemption to be allowed or claimed in be "half of the King, C

The Penalty.

No action upon this Statute to be stayed, but by Order of the Court where such Action depends.

Praemunire,

16 R. 2. e. j.

Proviso for the Stannaries, Butte rage, 'Prizage. Recompense to his Majesty for the Court of Wards and Purveyances.

V ji,

IX. car.i. c. 23.

Rates of the

ixcise.,

'Explained by'I 12 cari2rc, 4'1

The Duties on Coffep, C repealed by i. W. & m.spat.2.c. 6. Rates of Excise' upon foreign Liquors imported, 'to he palp in Money, before I

of England, or of any Child or Children of any the Kings or Queens of England for the Time being, for the carrying the Goods of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or the said Queens, or Children or any of them, without such full and free Consent as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usageto the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no preemption shall be allowed or claimed in the Behalf of his Majesty or of any his Heirs or Successors, or of any the Queens of England, or of any the Children of the Royal Family for the Time being, in Market or out of Market 5 (2) but that it be for ever hereafter free to all and every of the Subjects of his Majesty, to sell, dispose or employ his said Goods to any other Person or Persons as himself listeth, any Pretence of making Provision or Purveyance of Victual, Carriages or other Thing for his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, or of the said Queens or Children, or any Pretence of preemption in their or any of their Behalfs notwithstanding: (3) And if any Person or Persons shall make Provision or Purveyance for his Majesty's his Heirs or Successors, or any the Queens or Children aforesaid, or impress or take any such Carriages or other Things aforesaid, bn any Pretence or Colour of any Warrant aforesaid, under the Great Seal or otherwise, contrary to the Intent hereof, it shall be lawful for the Justices of Peace, or such two or one of them as dwell near, and to the Constables of such Parish or Village where such Occasion shall happen, at the Request of the Party grieved, and they are hereby enjoined, to commit or cause to be committed the Party or Parties so doing and offending to Gaol, till the next Sessions, there to be indicted and proceeded against for the same; and that the Officers and Inhabitants of the Village or Parish where such Offence shall happen, shall be Assistant therein; (4) and moreover, the Party grieved shall have his Action or Actions against such. Offender or Offenders, and therein recover his treble Damages and treble Costs: In which Action, no Essoin, Wager of Law, Aid prayer, Privilege, Protection, Imparlance, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be granted or allowed: (3) And if any I erson or Persons shall (after Notice given that the Action depending is grounded upon this Statute) cause or procure any Action at the common-law grounded on this Statute, to be delayed or stayed before Judgement, by Colour or Means of any Order, Power, Warrant or Authority, save' only of the Court where such Action shall be brought and depending, or after Judgement had Upon such action, (half cause or procure Execution of such Judgement to be stayed or delayed by Colour or Means of any Order, Warrant, Power or Authority, lave only by Writ of Error or Attaint, or order of such Court where such Writ of Error or Attaint shall be depending; That then the Person so offending shall incur the Pains', Penalties and Forfeitures ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Pramunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second: (Provided always, That this Act extend not to prejudice any of his Majesty's Rights, Titles or Duties of, in Or to, or out of any Tin in the Stannaries of Devon and Cornwall, nor to prejudice the ancient Duties of Butlefage and Prizage of Wines; but that the same shall be in the same Plight that the same were before the making of this Act; any -- Thing herein, contained to the contrary in 'any wise notwithstanding. (7) And now to the Intent and Purpose that his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may receive a full and a: mplc 'Recompense and Satisfaction, as well for the Profits of the said Court of Wards, and the Tenures, Wardships, Liveries, Primer Seifins, lister le mains, and other the Premises and per quifites incident thereunto; and for all arrears any way due for the same, as also for all and all Manner of Purveyance and Provisions herein before mentioned, and intended to be taken away and abolished; and all Sums of Money due or pretended to be due or payable for and in respect of any Compositions for the same: - < 1: -

XV. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid unto the King's Majesty, his; Heirs and successors for ever hereafter, in Recompense as aforesaid; the several Rates, impositions. Duties and Charges herein after expressed, and in Manner and Form following: That is to say, r 1 \ t' '

i 1:

Xyi., For every Barrel of beer.or ale.above six Shillings the Barrel, brewed by the Common Brewer or any other Person 1 or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the Common Brewer or by such XV d. other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling threepence. — i

XVII. For every Barrel of six Shillings Beer or Ale or under, brewed by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons 1

who dpth or shall fell of tap out such. Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the said Common Brewer or by such 1 III d. other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, threepence. — 3

XVIII. For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, and fo7,

proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure, one Shilling threepence. -- - sxv a"

XIX. For all metheglin or Mead sold, whether by Retail or otherwise, to be paid by the Maker thereof, upon every Gallon, 7

one half peqy, - (UD'

'xx.'for every Barrel of Beer, commonly called Vinegar beer, brewed by any Common Brewer or in any Common Brew 7 j house, sixpence. - 3v1- a'

XXI. For every Gallon of strong water or aqua vita: made and sold, to be paid by the Maker thereof, one Penny. -- - i. d.

XXII. For every Barrel of Beer or Ale imported from beyond the Seas, three Sidings. — -- III s.

XXIII. For every Tonne of Cyder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quan 7 V

tity, five Shillings. — .'3 V

XXIV. For every Gallon of Spirits made of any kind of Wine or Cyder imported, twopence. - II

XXV. For every. Gpllon of strong water perfectly made, imported from.beyond the Seas, fourpence.

XXVI. For every; Gallon of Cfdfifee made and sold, 1 to be paid by the Maker thereof, fourpence.

s.

d. IV d. IV d. VIII d.

XXVII. For every Gallon of: Chocolate, Sherbet anti Tea) made and sold, to be paid by the Maker thereof, eight Pence.

i 1 r '.! .1 1, 1: )< 7 '*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates, Duties and Charge of Excise, or new Imports abovementioned, hereby fetor imposed upon all and every the said Foreign Liquors which shall be imported or brought into all or any the Ports of this Kingdom. and Dominions thereof aforesaid - and after the five and twentieth Day of December next, shall be from.time to.., tirne.satisfield and paid, by the Merchant or Merchants, Importer or Importers of the same, in ready Money, upon his or their Entry or Entries made, and before the Landing thereof.

A.D. 16g0. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 24. 195

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Common Brewers of Beer and Entries to be Ale, shall once in every Week, and all innkeepers, alehouses keepers, Victuallers and other Retailers ^officeby'*" of Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or strong water, brewing, making or retailing' the same, shall common brjw once in every Month make true and particular Entries at the Office of Excise, within the Limits of ers.inn keepers, which the said Commodities and Manufactures are made, of all Beer, Ale, Perry, Cyder, Metheglin,

strong water or other the Liquors aforesaid, which they or any of them shall brew, make or retail in

that Week and Month respectively as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Common Brewers who do The Penalty for

not once a Week made due and particular Entries, shall forfeit ten Pounds: (2) And that every such not making en inn keeper who doth not make true and particular Entries once a Month, shall forfeit five Pounds: (3) 1 s'

And that every alehouse keeper, Victualler, or other Retailer who doth not once a Month make due and particular Entries, shall forfeit twenty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Common Brewer who shall The Penalty for not pay and clear off within a Week after he made his Entry, or ought to 'have made his Entry, as rot paying, aforesaid, shall pay double the Value of the Duty. (2) And that every innkeeper, alehouse keeper,

Victualler, or other Retailer who shall not pay and clear off within a Month after he made his Entry,

or ought to have made his Entry as aforesaid, shall pay double the Value of the Duty: (3) The said respective Forfeitures to be levied upon their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner and f orin as hereafter in this act is ordained and directed.

XXXII. Provided, That no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled by the Commissioners, or In what Place

Sub of of the Excise, to travel for the making of the said Entries of Payment of the said ^"[dr'es shall bi: Duties or other Cause whatsoever touching or concerning the same, if he live in a Market town, out Farther provi of the said Town; if he live out of a Market town, then to no other Place than to the next Mar fionsrelating ket town to his Habitation in the same County, on the Market day.*hereto, near.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners The Powers of who shall be appointed by his Majesty for putting this act in Execution, and their Sub of ihecommissio in their respective Circuits and Divisions, shall hereby have Power to constitute under their Hands and Gagersappoint Seals such and so many Gagers as they shall find needful: (2) Which Gagers, and every of them, shall The Powers of at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, and if by night, then in the Presence of a Constable or the Gagers, other lawful Officer, be permitted upon their Requell to enter the House, brew house, distilling housei b*rn'v'

and all other Houses and Places whatsoever belonging to, or used by any Brewer, innkeeper, Victualler, or other Retailer of Beer, brewing or making the same, as aforesaid, or by any Distiller of Strong Waters, or Retailer of other the Liquors aforesaid, and to gauge all Coppers, Fats and Vessels in the same, and to take an Account of Beer, Ale, Worts, Perry, Cyder, Strong Waters, Aquarvifte, Metheglin, or other the Liquors aforesaid, in the said Houses, Places and Vessels, from Time to Time brewed or made, and distilled; (3) and thereof to make Return or Report in Writing to the said Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise, under whose Office and Limits such Brewer, Retailer, Distiller, or Maker of the Liquors aforesaid doth dwell and inhabit, leaving a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand with such Brewer, Retailer, Distiller, or Maker of the Liquors aforesaid; (4) and such Reports or Returns of the said Gagers shall be a Charge upon the said Brewers,

Makers and Retailers respectively: And if any such common Brewer, Maker or Retailer, shall refuse to permit any such Gager or Gagers to enter his Brewhouse or any other Places afore mentioned, or to Gauge or take Account of his Brewing Vessels, or of any such Beer, Ale, Worts, Perry, Cyder,

strong water, aqua vitcs, Metheglin, or other the Liquors aforesaid, such Brewer, Retailer or Distiller, shall be forthwith forbidden by the said Gager or Gagers, to sell, carry out or deliver to any of, his Customers, any Beer, Ale, strong water, aqua vita, or other the Liquors aforesaid; (6) and if any hnjt&c such Brewer, Retailer or Distiller of any the Liquors aforesaid, after such Warning given, shall sell, hang cleared

carry or deliver out the same, or any Part thereof, not having paid and cleared the Duty of Excise, the Excise.

such Person and Persons shall, besides the Forfeiture of double the Value, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds as aforesaid, for every Offence, to be levied and recovered upon his or their Goods and Chattels in Manner and Form as hereafter in this Act is provided.

XXXIV. And for the Avoiding of all Incertainty and Dispute touching the Returns made or to be Proportions to

made by the Gagers of any Beer or Ale so brewed as aforesaid; Be it enacted and declared by the be observed in

Authority aforesaid, That every six and thirty Gallons of Beer taken by the Gauge according to the oagei"!°{ -

Standard of the ale quart, four whereof shall make the Gallon, remaining in the Custody of the Cham

ber ains of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall be reckoned, accounted and returned by the Gager, for a

Barrel of Beer, and every two and thirty Gallons of Ale taken by the Gauge according to the same J

Standard, shall be in like Manner reckoned, accounted and returned for a Barrel of Ale, and all other

the Liquors aforesaid according to the Wine Gallon.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Brewersand Re brewers or Retailers of Beer and Ale, shall take any more in the Price thereof, upon Sale of the tauerstoobfc v same, than according to the usual Rates and Prices; Saving that every Common Brewer shall and may vp^ilei take and receive of all and every Person and Persons to whom he shall sell and deliver any Ale or Beer, 'i' is' the Excise thereupon due as aforesaid, over and above the usual Rates and Prices.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Encouragement of all Encouragement

Common Brewers and makers of BER or Ale to make due Entry and Payment thereof according as, J re'v<!rs 1°

by this Act is appointed, the said Common Brewer, not selling the same by Retail, for and in Con es>etluc

deration of Waste by Fillings and Leakage of their Beer and Ale, shall have and be allowed out of Allowance far

the said Returns made by the Gagers, the several Allowances and Abatements hereafter mentioned, tnj

2 r - - - < I Leakage,

C C z (that a

i G. 24.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

A.D. 1660.

Forfeiture for making false Entries, s

No Beer, C to

Proviso for Beer and Ale sold in Fairs,

(that is to say) upon every three and twenty Barrels of Beer, 'whether strong or small, returned by the said pagers, three Barrels; and upon every two and twenty Barrels of Ale, whether strong or small, returned by the Gagers, two Barrels'; which said Allowances and Abatements the said of to be appointed as aforesaid, and their Sub of, are hereby authorised to allow and make 'accordingly.

XXXVII. Provided always, That where any Common Brewer Brail wittingly or willingly make a false.entry, and be convicted for the same before the Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, or any two of them, or before such other Person or Persons as are hereafter by this Act appointed, in that Case such Brewer or Brewers shall forfeit and lose over and besides the Penalties before mentioned, the said Allowance so to be made, for six Months then next ensuing.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Beer or Ale shall be delivered by £, C delivered in by such Brewer or Maker thereof, to any Victualler or other Retailer thereof, until rii^e^dfebe the Rate which by such Victualler or Retailer is to be paid over and above the Price of the said Beer paid by the Reor Ale, for or in respect of this Duty, be first paid and satisfied by the said Victualler or Retailer, to tailer the' Brfewer or Maker thereof.

XXXIX. Provided always, That' if ariy Person or Persons shall brew and fell by Retail any small Quantities of Beer or Ale in any Fair within this Realm or Dominions aforesaid, who is not otherwise any common or uiual Brewer or Retailer thereof, and shall before any such Selling and Retailing thereof, well and truly pay and satisfy the Duty due for the same to the Commissioners or Sub of whose Limits or Divisions the said Fair shall be held, or to their Officers thereunto appointed; that then such Person or Persons so brewing or retailing the same, and for so much and no more, nor otherwise, shall be freed and discharged mom all Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this Act before mentioned and imposed; anything therein contained to the contrary not with

XL. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Sub of respectively, to compound for this Duty with any innkeeper, Victualler, alehouse keeper or Retailer of Pieer, Ale and other the Liquors aforesaid, within their respective Divisions, from Time to Time; and in such Manner and Form as may be most for the Advantage and Improvement of the Receipts thereof; anything in this act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLL. And it is further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Treasurer, or Commissionei's of the Treasury. for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heifs and successors shall appoint, shall have Power, and are hereby authorised and im powered from time to Time to treat, contrast, conclude and agree with any Person or Persons for or concerning the Farming of all or any the Rates, Duties and Charges in this Act mentioned, upon Beer, Ale, Perry, Cyder or other the Liquors aforesaid, in any the respective Counties, Cities or Places of this Realm or Dominions thereof, "as may be for the greatest Benefit and Advantage of the said Receipt, so as the same exceed not the Term of three Years.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every such Contract, Bargain and Agreement of the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or other Persons aforesaid, on Behalf of his Majesty on the One Part, and the Person or Persons farming on the other Part, shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes. 1

Persons to be ap

XLIII. Provided always, to the End the aforesaid Duty may be paid with most Ease to the People, ?rft': cesbcfthe's hereby further enacted, That the Lord Treasurer, Commissioners of the Treasury or other Persons pesce*&c?with aforesaid, shall not within six Months after the Commencement of this Act, treat, conclude or agree infix Months, with afiy Person or Persons touching the Farming of this Duty upon Beer and Ale in any the respective furaiotromraft^' Counties or Places of this Realm or Dominions thereof, other than with such Person or Persons as by ingaforcthe Ex Juices of Peace of the said Counties or Places, or the major Part of them, at their public Quartered in their re Sessions shall be nominated and appointed in that Behalf, which Person or Persons is to have the first spefhvecoun Refusal of any such Farm respectively, and make take the same; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding" "

Provided, That the said Duty shall not be let to any other Person or Persons, than to the Person or Persons recommended by the Justices, under the Rate that it shall be tendred to, and refused by, such Person or Persons so recommended.

Forfeitures and

XLV. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Offences made, done and committed against this Act, or any Clause or Article therein contained, shall be heard, adjudged and determined by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Form as hereafter in and by this Act is directed and appointed; that is to say, (2) all such Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within the immediate Limits of the Chief Office in London, shall be heard, adjudged and determined by the said Chief Commissioners and Governors of Excise (appointed by his Majesty) I or the major Part of them, or by the Commissioners for Appeals, and regulating of this Duty, or the Counties, Cities, major Part of them, in Case of Appeal, and not otherwise: And all such Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within all or any other the Counties, Cities, Towns or Places within this Kingdom or Dominions thereof, shall be heard and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeitures shall be made or Offence committed: (4) And in Case of Neglect or Refusal of such Justices of the Peace, by the Space of fourteen Days next after Complaint made, and Notice thereof given to the Offender, then the Sub of, or the major Part, of them, appointed for any such City, County, Town or Place, shall and are hereby empowered to hear and determine the same; (5) and if the Party find himself aggrieved by the Judgement given by the said Sub of, he shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter sessions,

who

the commissionrers may compound fqr the f.xcise in their Divisions.

r

The Power of the Lord Treasurer, C to contrail for farming any the Rates or Duties in this Act,

this Act, how to be determined.

London,

C within this Kingdom.'

n. ypefls of the justices.

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo caroliii. C 24. 197

who are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same, whose Judgement therein shall be final; (6) which said Commissioners for Appeals, and regulating of this Duty, and the Chief of for Excise, and all Justices of Peace, and Sub of aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required, upon any Complaint or Information exhibited and brought of any such Forfeiture made, or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to summon the Party accused, and upon his Appearance or Contempt, to proceed to Examination of the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they or any two or more of them nave hereby Power to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence, according as in and by this Act is before ordained and directed, and to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands, for the levying of such Forfeitures, Penalties and Fines, levylnr the as by this Act is imposed for any such Offence committed, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Of Forfeitures, fender, and to cause Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any be, and for want of sufficient Distress, to imprison the Party offending till Satisfaction be made.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said repetitive Justices of Power to miti the Peace, Commissioners for Exc fe, or any two of them, or their Sub of respectively, ^[, res! °'* from Time to Time where they shall see Cause, to mitigate, compound or lefien such Forfeiture,

Penalty or Fine as in their Discretion they shall think fit; and that every such Mitigation and Payment thereupon accordingly made, shall be a sufficient Discharge of the said Penalties and Forfeitures to the Persons so offending; so as by such Mitigation the same be not made less than double the Value of the Duty of Excise, which Should or ought to have been paid, besides the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Officer or Officers, or others as were employed therein, to be to them allowed by the said Justices; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And it is hereby further enacted How the Fires and ordained, That all Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act, all necessary Charges for ^'ad11fb°erse tuies the Recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be employed, three fourth Parts thereof to and for the ployed/"1*

Use of the King's Majesty, and one fourth Part to the Discoverer or Informer of the same. (3) And for the better Managing, Collecting, Securing, Levying and Recovering of all and every the said Rates and

Charges of Excise hereby imposed and set upon all or any of the Commodities before mentioned, to the

End the same may be paid and disposed of according to the Intent of this present Act, (4) Be it further O"? principal

enacted and ordained by Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That one principal Head Office tob/erea^'in

shall be erected and continued in the City of London, or within ten Miles thereof, from Time to Time, London.

as long as his Majesty shall think fit, for this Duty, unto which all other Offices for the same within

England and Wales, and the Town and Port of Berwick, shall be subordinate and accountable; which said Office shall be managed by such Officers as shall be appointed by the King's Majesty, as aforesaid, who,

or any two of them, are hereby appointed and conllituted Commissioners and Governors for the

Management of his Majesty's Receipt of Excise, and to sit in some convenient Place in the City df

London, or within ten Miles thereof, from Time to Time, as long as his Majesty shall think fit, for the

Ends aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of intermedling with any Office or imployment relating to the Excise, until he or they shall, before two or more Justices of Peace in the County, where his or their Employments shall be, or before one of the Barons of the Exchequer, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, which Oaths they have hereby Power to administer, together with this Oath following, Mutatis Mutandis.

' (2)\7" OU shall swear to execute the Office of truly and faithfully, without Favour The Oath.

j[ or Affection, and shall from Time to Time true Account make and deliver to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall appoint to receive the same, and shall take no See or Reward for the Execution of the said Office, from any other Person than from his Majesty, or those whom his Majesty shall appoint in that Behalf.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Justice of the Peace shall certify the taking of such Oath to the next Quarter sessions, there to be recorded. (2) And it is fur, lt!|jj'°">^efl" there enacted, That all Parts of the Cities of London and Westminster, with the Borough of Southwark, and be under the the several Suburbs thereof, and Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be under the imme Management of diate Care, Inspection and Management of the said Head Office, (3) and such and so many subordinate the Chief Office, Commissioners and Sub of, and other Officers and Ministers for the Execution of the Pre aiicommissio misses, shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ners.&c. to be in all and every other the Counties, Cities, Towns and Places within this Kingdom of England, Domi hfs majesty.y nionof Wales, and Port of Berwick, as from Time to Time his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit. (4) And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Office of Excise in all Places where it shall vm\s'1 be appointed, shall be kept open from Eight of the Clock in the Morning till twelve of the Clock at Noon; baept open, and from Two of the Clock in the Afternoon till Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the due Execu. p tion and Performance of all and every the Matters and Things in this Act appointed and required. (5)

And it is further hereby enacted, That the said Chief Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time issue forth and pay such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall from Time to Time be received, collected or levied by Virtue of this Act, into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time be fried. iladameif" or prosecuted for. anything by him or them done or executed in Pursuance of this Act, " he or they/y^; ^, shall and may plead the General lfliie, and give this Act in Evidence for his Defence; (land if; qpon uus Scatut*.

198 C 25. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuit, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Writs ofcer L Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or redea8n°super"ot^er Proceeding, upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid in Pursuance of th s Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

Proviso as to the LI Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to p'rdr, ngeneral exten<^ n any Manner to weaken or invalidate one Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act of 12 Car, C u. Free a, d General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion, but that every Clause, Article, Matter and Thing therein mentioned and comprised, shall notwithstanding this Act or any Matter or Thing the rein, remain

good and valid, and be of the same Force, Virtue and Effect, as if this Act had never been made.

pr°ed° n'n<vm" kll. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall well., Bsck' not be prejudicial to Edward Backwell Alderman of London, as to the Sutn of twenty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds (or any Part thereof) by him advanced upon the Credit of several Orders of tins present Parliament, and by them charged on the Receipt of the Grand Excise; that i? to say, the Sum of five thousand Pounds payable to his Majesty's Surveyor General for the Repair of his Majesty's Houses, charged by Virtue of an Order of the sixth of September one thousand six hundred sixty, with Interest for the same; the Sum of ten thousand Pounds advanced to her Highness the Princess Royal, being charged with Interest by an Order of the thirteenth of September one thousand six hundred sixty; the Sum of ten thousand Pounds payable to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia, being charged, together with Interest, by an Order of the thirteenth of September one thousand six hundred sixty; the Sum of three thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds payable for Provisions for Dunkirk by Order of the twenty sixth of November one thousand six hundred sixty; which Sum of twenty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, together with the Interest for the same, according to the Tenor of the said Orders, after the Rate of Six percent, shall be paid to the said Edward Backwell or his Assigns, out of the Grand Excise, and the Arrears thereof in Course, as is by the said Orders appointed; and in case the same Father Prem shall fall short in Payment by the twenty-fifth of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, that then tfle Remainder shall continue fecuted to him out of the whole Excise in Course, as aforesaid, and that ic cad. 1. c. 11. no other Payments be made out of the Excise, but what is appointed by this present Parliament in Course i6&'i7car.2. c. 4. to precede the same, until the said Debt due to the said Edward Backwell be satisfied; that in case any

I w^§am'c'^' ?art f the Moneys due to Aldermen Backwell be paid out of that Part of the Excise which shall grovy due St. i. C 24' to the King's Majesty, that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed the same out of the first Moneys that

m. c. 3. shall come in of the Arrears of Excise that will be due the said twenty-fifth of December. (Confirmed by Car. Star. '

8 IV C 19. 10 JV. 3. C 21. 12 W. 3. C u & 12. 1 Ann. St, 2, C 3. 4 Ann. C 6. S Ann. C 7. 10 Ann. C 19. 12 Ann St, 2. C 9. 6 Geo. 1. C i,

II. Geo. 1. f, 30. 12 Geo. 1. c. 28* 1 Geo. 2. c. 16. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. c. 9. and I Geo. 3. c. 7.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better Ordering the Selling of Wines by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling, Corrupting and Violating of Wines, and for setting and limiting the Prices of the same.

2 % tl. S. 1.14. -STOR the better Ordering of Selling of Wines by Retail in Taverns and other Places, and for pre id venting of Abuses therein, (2) be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred sixty one, unless he or they be authorised and enabled in Manner and Form as in this present Act is prescribed and appointed, shall sell or utter by Retail, that is, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle or Gallon, or by any other greater or lesser Retail Measure, any Kind of Wine or Wines to be drunk or spent within his or their Mansion House or Houses, or other Place in his or their Tenure or Occupation, or without such Mansion House or Houses, or such other Place in his or their Tenure or Occupation, by The Penalty for any Colour, Craft or Mean whatsoever; (3) upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five 1 b', retfiiwme Pounds; the one Moiety of every such Penalty to be to our Sovereign Lord the King; the other Moiety Carthcvv 216. to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the i King's Courts of Record, in which Action or Suit no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed.

humajefiymay

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for hism?flions to*" Majesty, his Heirs ami Successors, from Time to Time to issue out under his or their Great Seal of eng cencethe utter one more Commission or Commissions directed to two or more Persons, thereby authorising them to ing Wine. licence and give Authority to such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to sell and utter by Retail all.

and every, or any Kind of Wine or Wines whatsoever, to be drunk and spent, as well within the Hoafe or Houses, or other Place in the Tenure or Occupation of the Party so licensed, as without, in any City, Town or other Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town and Port of Berwick upon Tweod, (2) and such Persons as from Time to Time, or at any Time hereafter, shall he by such Commission or Commissions, as aforesaid, in that Behalf appointed, shall have Power and Authority, and hereby have Power and Authority, to treat and contrast for Licence, Authority and Dispensations

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 25.

199

to be given and granted to ajay Person or Persons for the Selling and Uttering of Wines by Retail in any City, Town or other Place, as aforesaid, according to the Rules and Directions of this present Act, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and not otherwise; any Law, Statute, Usage or Cuilom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as shall be commissioned

and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid, shall be and be called his Majesty's griming win

Agents for granting Licences for the Selling and Uttering of Wine by Retail: And his Majesty's said Licences, may

Agents are hereby authorised and enabled under their Seal of Office, the same to be appointed by his Ma, oexceedin'2" 21 jesty, to grant Licence for the Selling and Uttering of Wines by Retail to any Person or Persons, and for years, if the61 any Time or Term riot exceeding twenty-one Years, if such Person or Persons shall so long live, and for Perron (o long such yearly Rent as they can or shall agree and think fit, so as no Fine be taken for the same, but that the rer: rved. Rent and Sums of Money agreed upon and reserved be paid and answered half yearly by equal Portions but no Fine to during the whole Term. be taken.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Licence shall not be given or Licences only to

granted but to such who shall personally use the Trade of Selling or Uttering of Wines by Retail, or to f°ch«personal the Landlord and Owner of the House where the Person using such Trade shall fell and utter Wine by yuet e ra e Retail; nor shall the same be assignable, nor in any wise beneficial or extensive to indemnify any Person wj"e Licences

against the Penalties of this present Act, except the first Taker. no 1 ig"a C

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his The Kins may Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to constitute and appoint such and so many other Officers and Mini afeexab think fters, as a Receiver, " Register, Clerk, Comptroller, Messenger, or the like, for the better Carrying on of sir.

this Service, as he and they shall think fit, so as the Salaries and Wages of all such Officers to be ap Not exceeding pointed, together with the Salary or Wages of his Majesty's said Agents, do not exceed sixpence in the Pound of the Revenue that shall hence arise,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rents, Revenues, and Sums of The Revenue to Money hence arising, except what shall be allowed for the Wages and Salaries of such Officers and Mini !te Paid into th' fters, which is not to exceed sixpence out of every Pound thereof, shall be duly and constantly paid and nottosecharged answered into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and shall not be particularly charged or chargeable, with any Gift either before it be paid into the Exchequer or after, with any Gift or Pension: And his Majesty's laid °rpension., Agents are hereby enjoined and required to return into the Court of Exchequer, every Michaelmas and The Agents to Easter Terms, upon their Oaths (which Oaths the Barons of the Exchequer, or any one of them, are hetufn into the hereby authorised to administer) a Book fairly written, containing a full and true Account of what LI mi£hletlfias"and cenceshave been granted the preceding half year, and what Rents and Sums of Money are thereupon re Fatter Term served, and have been paid, or are in arrear, together with the Securities of the Persons foin arrear, to what Licences the End due and speedy Process may be made out according to the Course of the Exchequer, for tee Reedy. avc ran covery of the same.

VII. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not in any wise be pre provtoforihe judicial to Privilege of the two Universities of this Land, or either of them, nor to the Chancellors or two Uni verities, Scholars of the same, or their Successors; but that they may use and enjoy such Privileges as heretofore eslt eir nvi- they have lawfully used and enjoyed, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not extend to be prejudi proviso for th cial to the Master, Wardens, Freemen and Commonalty of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of Lon Society of th don, or to any other City or Town Corporate; but that they may use and enjoy such Liberties and Privi London of leges as heretofore they have lawfully used and enjoyed, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Actor anything therein proviso for th contained, shall not in any wise extend to debar or hinder the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of St. Borough of St. Albans in the County of Hertford, or their Successors, from enjoying, using and exercising ofall such LI Albans.'berties, Powers and Authorities to them heretofore granted by several Letters Patents under the great Seal '

of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James of famous Memories, for the Erecting, appo nting, and Licensing of three several Wine taverns within the Borough aforesaid, for. and towards, the Maintenance of the Free School there; but that the same Liberties, Powers, and Authorities shall be and are h.reby established and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said Mayor and Burgesses, and their Successors, to and for the charitable Use aforesaid, and according to the Tenor of the Letters Patents aforesaid, as though this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X Provided also that it shall not nor may be lawful to or for any Officer or Officers to be appointed by rees of the of his Majesty for the Carrying on of this Service, to take, demand or receive any Fees, 'Rewards or Sums of 'rs'

Money whatsoever, for or in respect of this Service, other than five Shillings for a Licence, fourpence for

an Acquittance, and sixpence for a Bond, under the Penalty of ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty; other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall file for the same by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection shall be allowed; anything. herein, or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Merchant, Vintner, Wine Thererhalfbs Cooper or other Person selling or retailing any Wine, shall mingle or utter any Spanish Wine mingled with no Mixtme of any French Wine, or rheni/l) Wine, Cyder, Perry, Honey, Sugar, Syntpst of Sugar, Molasses, or any£*erwmf50r other Syrups whrfsoever, nor putin any Ifinglals, Brimstone, Lime, Raisins, Juice ofraifins, Water, inss>

nor any other Liquor nor Ingredients, nor any Clary or other Herb, nor any Sort of Fleth whatsoever;

(2) And that no Merchant, Vintner, Wine cooper or other Person selling or retailing any Wine, shall

mingle

200 C 26, -29. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660

mingle or utter any French Wines mingled with any Rbcnish Wines or Spanish Wines, Cyder, Perry, Stummed Wine, Vitriol, Honey, Sugar, Syrup of Sugar, Molasses, or any Syrups whatsoever, nor put in any Isinglass, Brimstone, Lime, Raisins, Juice of Raisins, Water nor any other Liquor or Ingredients, nor any Clary or other Herb, nor any Sort of Flesh whatsoever; (3) And that no Merchant, Vintner, Wine cooper or other Person selling or retailing any Wine, shall mingle or utter any Rhenish Wine mingled with any French Wines or Spcmish Wines, Cyder, Perry, Stummed Wine, Vitriol, Honey, S' '

Syrups of Sugar, Molasses, or any other Syrups whatsoever, nor put in any Isinglass, Brimstone, dine, Raisins, Juice of Raisins, Water, nor any other Liquor or Ingredients, nor any Clary or other The Penjltiosof Herb, nor any Sort of Flesh whatsoever: (4) And that all and every Person and Persons committing any I bufing"nyr3* the Offences aforesaid, shall incur the Pains and Penalties herein after mentioned; That is to say,

Wines. every Merchant, Wine cooper, or other Person selling any Sort of Wines in gross, mingled or abused

as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence one hundred Pounds; (5) and that every Vintner or other Persons selling any Sorts of Wine by Retail, mingled or abused, as aforesaid., shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds: (6) Of which Forfeitures one Moiety shall go unto the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

The Prices of

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the first Day of September one thousand Wines. six hundred sixty and one, no Canary Wines, Mufcadell or Alley ant, or other Spanish or Sweet Wines, shall be sold or uttered by any Person or Persons within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by Retail for above eighteen Pence the Quart: (zj And that no Gascoigne or French Wines whatsoever shall be sold by Retail above eight Pence the Quart: (3) and that no Rhenish Wines whatsoever shall be sold by Retail above twelve Pence the Quart; (4) (and ac r cording to these Rates, for a greater and lesser Quantity, all and every the said Wines shall and may be sold) (5) upon Pain and Penalty that every such person or Persons, who shall utter or sell any of the said Wines by Retail, that is to say, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle or Gallon, or by any, other greater or lesser Retail Measure, at any Rate exceeding the Rates hereby limited, do and shall forfeit for every such Pint, Quart, Pottle, Gallon, or other greater or lesser Quantity so sold by Retail, the Sum of five Pounds; the

The Penalties, one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the lame, to be recovered in Manner and Form as aforesaid _.

Lord chan

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That it (Itall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor of set Uie Vfacsof Lord Treasurer, Lord President of the King's Council, Lord Privy seal, and the two Chief

Wines ye.nrly, Justices, of five, four or three of them: And they are hereby authorised yearly, and every Year, between or alter the the twentieth Day of November and the last Day of December, and no other Times, to set the Prices of 3me' all and every the said Wines to be sold by Retail, as aforesaid, at higher or lower Rates than are herein

C contained; so that they or any of them cause the Prices by them set to be written, and open Proclamation

thereof to be made in the King's Court of Chancery yearly in term time, or else in the City, Borough or Town Corporate where any such Wine shall be sold; (2) and that all and every the said Wines (ha[! and may be sold by Retail at such Prices as by them, or any five, four or three of them, shall be set as Farther Previ aforesaid, from Time to Time for the Space of one whole Year, to commence from the first Day of fomconcerning February next after the Setting thereof, and no longer, and no greater Prices, under the Pains and Penal

tyina, t; as aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid: And afterwards, (3) and in Default of such Setting of Prices

]Am". St. L ai.by the said Lord Chancellor of England, Lord Treasurer, Lord President of the King's Council, Lord 5 Ann. C 27. Privy seal, and the two Chief Justices, or five, four or three of them, as aforesaid, at the respeffixe

r'°' Rates and Prices set by this Act, and under the Penalties as aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid. fcon

izgio.v.'c. is.firmed by 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 7.]

1 Geo. 2. St, 2, fi 17. 10 Geo. 2. c. 19. 17 Geo. 2. c. 40. 18 Geo. 2. c. 9. 26 Geo. 2. c. 12.; o Geo. 2. c. 19. And 32 Geo. 2. r. lg.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the levying of the Arrears of the twelve Months Assessment, commencing the twenty-fourth of; June one thousand LIX hundred fifty-nine, and the six Months Assessment, commencing the twenty-fifth of December one. thousand six hundred fifty-nine. EXP. 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 7.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting unto the King's Majesty four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by an assessment of threescore and ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for six Months, for disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy. EXP. 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 7.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for further supplying and explaining certain defehs in an Act, intituled, An Act for the fyeedy Provison of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

EXP.

13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. cap. 7.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

EXP.

13 Car. 1. Stat, 1. cap. 7.

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 30. 201

CAP. XXX

An act for the Attainder of several Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of his late

Sacred Majesty King Charles the First

all humble Manner show unto your most Excellent Majesty, your majesty's most dutiful and loyalthe horrid

1 Subjects the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, That the horrid and execrable Murder kingcharies of your majesty's Royal Father, our late most gracious Sovereign Chaides the First, of ever Blessed and thevirft, how Glorious Memory, hath been committed by a Party of wretched Men, desperately wicked, and hardncd first contrived in their Impiety, who having first plotted and contrived the Ruin and Destruction of this excellentand3lotud*

' Monarchy, and with it, of the true Reformed Protestant Religion, which had been so long protected by it and flourished under it, found it necessary in order to the carrying on of their pernicious and

traitorous Designs, to throw down all the Bulwarks and Fences of Law, and to subvert the very Be ' ing and Constitution of Parliament, that so they might at last make their Way open for any further

1 ' Attempts upon the Sacred Person of his Majesty himselfj (z) and that for the more easy Effecting I ' thereof, they did first seduce some Part of the then Army into a Compliance, and then kept the rest I*in Subjection to them, partly for Hopes of Preferment, and chiefly for Fear of losing their Employ i ments and Arrears, until by these, and other more odious Arts and Devices, they had fully strengthened themselves both in Power and Faction; which being done, they did declare against all Manner of Treaties with the Person of the King, even then while a Treaty by Advice of both Houses of Parliament was in Being, remonstrate against the Houses of Parliament for such Proceedings, seize upon his Royal Person while the Commissioners were returned to the House of Parliament with his Answer;

' and when his Concessions had been voted a Ground for Peace, seize upon the House eff Commons,

' seclude and imprison some Members, force out others, and there being left but a small Remnant of their own Creatures (not a tenth Part of the Whole) did seek to shelter themselves by this weak Pre ' tence, under the Name and Authority of a Parliament; (3) and in that Name laboured to prosecute what was yet behind and unfinished of their long intended Treason and Conspiracy. To this Purpose they prepared an Ordinance for erecting a prodigious and unheard of Tribunal, which they called An High Court of justice, for Trial of his Majesty; having easily procured it to pass in their House of Commons, as it then stood moulded, ventured to send it up from thence to the Peers then sitting,

' who totally rejected it j whereupon their Rage and Fury increasing, they presume to pass it alone, as an Act of the Commons, and in the Name of the Commons of England; (4) and having gained the Pretence of Law made by a Power of their own making, pursue it with all possible Force and Cruelty,

' until at last, upon the thirtieth Day of January one thousand six hundred forty and eight, his Sacred Majesty was brought unto a Scaffold, and there publicly murdered before the Gates of his own Royal Palace: (3) And because by this horrid Action the Protestant Religion hath received the greatest Wound and Reproach, and the People of England, the most unsupportable Shame and Infamy, that it was possible for the Enemies of God and the King to bring upon us, whilst the Fanatick rage of a ' few Miscreants (who were as far from being true Protestants, as they were from being true Subjects)

' stands imputed by our Adversaries to the whole Nation (6) We therefore your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, do hereby renounce, abominate and protest against that impious Fact, the execrable Murder and most unparalleled Treason committed against the Sacred Person and Life of our said late Sovereign your majesty's most Royal Father, and all Proceedings tending thereunto, and do beseech your most Excellent Majesty that it may be declared;

(7) and be it hereby declared, that by the undoubted and fundamental Laws of this Kingdom, neither

the Peers of this Realm, nor the Commons, nor both together in Parliament or out of Parliament, nor

the People collectively or representatively, nor any other Persons whatsoever, ever had, have, hath or

ought to have, any coercive Power over the Persons of the Kings of this Realm: (8) And for the better

Vindication ofourselves to Posterity, and as a lasting Monument of our otherwise inexpressible Detertation

and Abhorrency of this villainous and abominable Fact, We do further beseech your most Excellent

Majesty, that it may be enacted; (9) And be it hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Ayeariy Anni

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ve.rfa7of Hu

That eery thirtieth Day of January, unless it falls out to be upon the lord's Day, and then the Day ^t^of Januafy6

next following, shall be for ever hereafter set apart to be kept and observed in all the Churches and for ever.

Chapels of these your majesty's Kingdoms of e?igland and Ireland, Dominion of Wales and Town of

Berwick upon Tweed, and the Ides of Jersey and Guernsey, and all other your majesty's Dominions, as

an Anniversary Day of Fasting and Humiliation, to implore the Mercy of God, that neither the Guilt

of that Sacred and Innocent Blood, nor those other Sins by which God was provoked to deliver up both

us and our King into the Hands of cruel and unreasonable Men, may at any Time hereafter be.visited

upon us or our Posterity, (10) And whereas Oliver Cromwell deceased, Henry Ireton deceased, John The Attainder

Bradshaw deceased, and Though. Pride deceased, John Lisle, Will. Say, Sir Hardress Waller, Valentine Wauton,

Thomas Harrison, Edward Whalley, William Heveningham, Isaac Penington, Henry Martin, John. Barkstead, mental iifthe" Gilbert Millington, Edmond Ludlow, Sir Michael Livefey, Robert Tichbourn, Owen Row, Robert Lilooum, Murder of his Adrian Scroop, John Obey, John Hewson, William Gofje, Cornelius Holland, Thomas Challoner, John Car CIV la: Majesty. Jokn_ Jones, Miles Corbet, Henry Smith, Gregory Clement, Thomas Wogan, Edmond Harvey, Thomas Scot,

William Cawley, John Downs, Nicholas Love, Vincent Potter, Augustine Garland, John Dixzuel, George Fleetwood, Simon Mcyn, James Temple, Peter Temple, Daniel Blagmnte, Thomas Wayte, John Cook, Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy, William Hcwlet, Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker, Daniel Axt'el, are notoriously known to have been wicked and active Instruments in the Prosecution and Compaffm? that traitorous Vol. III D d Mur

202 C 30. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

and le; taintei

: |ally

The Names of Murther of his late Majesty; which the said Sir Hardress Waller, Thomas Harrison, William t e crons mm Heveningham, Isaac Pennington, Henry Martin, Gilbert Millington, Robert Titchborn, Owen Row, Robert Lilburn, Adrian Scroop, yww Carnv, Jones, Henry Smith, Gregory Clement, Edmond Harvy, Thomas

Scot, John Downs, Vincent Potter, Augajtine Garland, George Fleetwood, Simon Meyne, James Temple, Peter Temple, Thomas Wayte, John Cook, William Hewlet, Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker and Daniel Axtel, have already received their Trial at Law, and by Verdicft or their own Confession have been convidedy and by Judgement of Law thereupon had, do now hand duly and legally attainted; of whom ten Persons, The ten Persons that is to say, Thomas Harrison, Adrian Scroop, John Carew, John Jones, Thomas Scot, Gregory Clement, executed. John Cook, Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker and Daniel Axtel, have most defeivedly suffered the Pains of The Persons Death and been executed according to Law, and the said John LI fie, William Say, Valentine Wauton, edward ivhalley, John Barkjlead, Edmond Ludlow, Sir Michael Livefy, John Okey, John Hewson, William Goffty

Cornelius Holland, Thomas Challoner, Miles Corbet, William Cawley, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Blagrave, Andrew Broughton and Edward Dendy, are fled from Justice, not daring to abide a legal Trial: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; (rij and be it enacted by the Authority The Persons of this present Parliament, That the said Oliver Cromwell deceased, Henry Ireton deceased, John Bradshaw dead before they deceased, and Thomas Pride deceased, shall by Virtue of this Act, be adjudged to be convicted and to Trial at 01*8*'attahlte<^ High Treason to all Intents and Purposes, as if they and every of them respectively, had tainted. been attainted in their Lives: (12) And also, that John Life, William Say, 'Valentine Wauton, Edward The Persons fled wha/ly, John Barkjlead, Edmond Ludlow, Sir Michael Livefy, John Okey, John Hewson, William Gosse, attainted. Cornelius Holland, Thomas Challoner, William Cawley, Miles Corbet, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Blagrave, Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy and every of them, hand and be adjudged, and by Autho theh lands, rity o. this present Act convicted and attainted of High Treason: (13) And that all and every the manors fcrr'sl^d'and*0' Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, Possessions, Rights, Conditions, in veftld in his terefts, Offices, Sees, Annuities and all other the Hereditaments, Leases for Years, Chattels Real and Majesty, other Things of that Nature, whatsoever they be, of them the said Oliver Cromwell, Henry Ireton, John Bradshaw, Nomas Pride, John Life, William Say, Valentine Wauton, Edward ivhalley, John Barkjlead, Edmond Ludlow, Sir Michael Livefy, John Okey, John Hewson, William Gosse, Cornelius Holland, Thomas Challoner, William Cawley, Miles Corbet, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Blagrave, Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy, Thomas Harrison, Adrian Scroop, John Carew, John Jones, Thomas Scot, Gregory Clement, Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker, John Cook, Daniel Axtel, Sir Hardress Waller, William Heveningham, Isaac Pennington, Henry Martin, Gilbert Millington, Robert Tichborn, Owen Rav, Robert Lilburn, Henry Smith, Edmond Harvy, John Downs, Vincent Potter, Augufine Garland, George Fleetwood, Simon Meyn, James whereof they Temple, Peter Temple, Thomas Wayte, which they or any of them, or any other Person or Persons to their were seized, or or any of their Uses, or in Trull for them or any of them, had the five and twentieth Day of March in jcllarch 1616 le Year our Hotel one thousand six hundred forty and six, or at any Time since, shall Hand and be 'forfeited unto your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors; (14) and shall be deemed, veiled and adjudged to be in the actual and real Possession of your Majesty, without any Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found; 15) and also, that all and every the Goods, Debts and other the Chattels personal whatsoever of them the said Oliver Cromwell, Henry Ireton, John Bradshaw, Thomas. Pride, whereof at the Time of their respective Deaths, they or any of them, or any other in Trull for them or any of them, flood possessed in Law or Equity; (16) and all the Goods, Debts and other the Chattels Personal All their coeds whatsoever, of them the said John Life, William Say, Valentine Wauton, Edward ivhalley, John Barkjlead, estatevorftited mon Ludlow, Sir Michael Livefy, John Okey, John Hewson, William Gosse, Cornelius Holland, Thomas and veiled in his Challoner, William Cawley, Miles Corbet, Nicholas Love, John Dixwel, Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy, Majesty, Thomas Harrison, Adrian Scroop, John Carew, John Jones, Thomas Scot, Gregory Clement, Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker, John Cook, Daniel Axtel, Sir Hardress Waller, William Heveningham, Isaac Penington, Henry Martin, Gilbert Millington, Robert Titchbourn, Owen Row, Robert Lilburn, Henry Smith, Edmond Harvey, John Downs, Vincent Potter, Augufine Garland, George Fleetwood, Simon Meyne, James Temple, whereof they Peter Temple, Thomas Wayte, whereof upon the eleventh Day of February one thousand six irundred listy were poflvft, or nine, they or any of them, or any other in Trail for them or any of them, flood possessed either in ijj'eb^Law or Equity; (17) shall be deemed and adjudged to be forfeited unto, and are hereby veiled and put j9' into the actual and real Possession of your Majesty, without any further Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found.

Proviso forcon

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Conveyance, Assurance, of tile Offenders! Grant, Bargain, Sale, Charge, Lease, Assignment of Lease, Grants and Surrenders by Copy of Court roil, Estate, Interest, Trull or Limitation of any Use or Uses, of or out of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, not being the Lands nor Hereditaments of the late King, Queen or Prince, or of any Archbishops, Eilhops, Deans, Deans and Chapters, nor being Lands or Hereditaments sold or given for the Delinquency or pretended Delinquency of any Person or Persons whatsoever, by Virtue or Pretext of any Act, Order, Ordinance, or reputed Act, Order or Ordinance, since the first Day of Statutes, Judge January one thousand six hundred forty and one; .(2) nor any Statute, Judgement or Recognisance, had, for the^h of mace acknowledged or suffered, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, before the Sept. jj59, twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred fifty-nine, by any of the Offenders before in this Act mentioned, or their Heirs, or by any other Person or Persons claiming by, from or under them For Moneybona or any of them, other than the Wife or Wives, Child or Children, Heir or Heirs of such Person or tvnv 11 rresin Persons or any of them, for Money bona fide to them or any of them paid.or lent; (3) nor any con tmftjiriade be veyance, Assurance, Grant or Estate made before the twenty-fifth of April one thousand six hundred and fore tbs 75th of sixty, by any Person or Persons to any of the Offenders aforesaid, in Trull, and for the Benefit of any miprthe^idof ot^ler Person or Persons not being any of the Offenders aforesaid, or in Trail for any Bodies Politic " or Corporate, shall be impeached, defeated, made void or fraftrated hereby, or by any of the Convictions

A.D. 1660. Anno duodecimo Caroli II C 31, 32. 203

tions and Attainders aforesaid; (4) but that the same shall be held and enjoyed by the Purchasers,

Grantees, Lessees, Assigns, Cefhy que use, Cejluy qite truji, and every of them, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, as if this Act had not been made, and as if the said Offenders had not been by this Actor by any other Course or Proceedings of Law, convicted or attainted; so as guch Convey the said Conveyances, and all and every the Grants and Assurances which by Virtue of this Act are sneestoteen and ought to be held and enjoyed as aforesaid, shall before the first of January which shall be in the rolled in, le Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, be entered and enrolled of Record in his querbeforeiix" majesty's Court of Exchequer and not otherwise; anything in this Act herein before contained to the fiirtof Jan. contrary in any wise notwithstanding. i60z.

HE Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Manors, Proviso forth Tenements and Hereditaments, which at any Time heretofore were the Lands and Possessions of Mirquisof Henry late Marquess of Worcester, and Edward now Marquess of Worcester, and Henry Lord Herbert, Son worceller>&c* and Heir apparent of the said Edlward Marquess of Worcester, or any of them; whereof or wherein the said Oliver Cromwell, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or to his Use, or any other the Persons attainted by this Act or otherwise, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of them, had or claimed, or pretended to have any Estate, Right, Title, Possession or Interest, at any Time before or since the Decease of the said Oliver Cromwell, shall be and hereby are veiled and settled in, and shall be held and enjoyed by the said Marquess of Worcester and the said Henry Lord Herbert, in such Manner and Form, and for such Estate and Estates, with such Powers and Privileges, as they formerly had in the same respectively; anything in this present Act contained, or any Act, Conveyance or Assurance heretofore made or acknowledged by the said Edvocrd Marquess of Worcester, and Henry Lord Herbert or either of them, unto the said Oliver Cromwell or any other Person or Persons in Trust for or to the Use of the said Oliver Cromtvel, or any Act or Conveyance made or done by the said Oliver Cromwell, or by any in Trust for him, to any Person whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; (2) Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, and others, Saving, their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Right, Title and Interest in Law and Equity, which they or any of them have or ought to have, of, into or out of any the Premises, not being in Trust for any the said Offenders, nor derived by, from or under the said Offenders, since the twenty-fifth Day of March which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty six; (3) and that they the said Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and other, their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators and every of them, in all and every such Case where his and their Entry was lawful upon such Offender or Offenders, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Offender or Offenders, in or upon the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred forty and six, or at any Time since, may without Petition, Monflrans de Droit, Olifter le maine, or other Suit to his Majesty, enter on the Premises in his Majesty's Possession or in the Possession of his Successors and Patentees, their Heirs or Assigns, in such Manner, to all Intents, as he or they might have done on the Possession of the said Offenders, their Heirs or Assigns, in or upon the said twenty-fifth Day of March or at any Time since; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That all and every Person and Persons which have received any of the Rents or Proviso for ftch mean Profits, of, in or out of any the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Chattels Real or possess and patdrthelred fions, of any the Offender or Offenders in this Act mentioned, before the eleventh Day of February one Rents to the thousand six hundred fifty and nine, and have paid or accounted for the same before the said eleventh offenders.

Day of February one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, unto the said Offender or Offenders or their

Assigns, or to any claiming from or under them, shall be clearly and for ever acquitted and discharged of and from the same, against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Richard Ingoldjly, to retain and Proviso for ri keep, or otherwise to sell and dispose, all and singular the Goods and Chattels formerly belonging to cllar<i lnscl'fb/* Sir Hardress jvaller in the Kingdom of Ireland, until two thousand Pounds, for which the said Richard ingold/bym the Year one thousand six hundred fifty-eight flood jointly bound with the said Sir Hardress jvaller, unto James Brooks of the City of York, Alderman, and was then counter secured by a Judgement upon his lands, and since by a Deed of Bargain and Sale of the said Goods and Chattels

in Ireland, be fully paid, together with the Interest thereof, he the said Richard Ingoldjly accounting for, and paying the full Overplus thereof, if any shall be, unto our Sovereign Lord the King; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. fconfirmed by 13 Car. z. Stat. 1. C 7.]

CAP. XXXI.

Leases and Grants from Colleges and Hospitals confirmed. PR. Sc

EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, wool fells, fullers earth, or any Kind of

scouring earth.

TT'O R the better preventing and avoiding of such Lodes and Inconveniences as have happened, and 23ii, S. C 17,

4 J? daily do and may happen, to the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, and to the King

X dom of Ireland, by and through the secret ard subtle Exportation and Transportation, and by and through the secret and subtle carrying and conveying away, of Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Slior

D d 2 C lings.

204 C 32. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. A.D. 1660.

lings, Yam made of Wool, wool flocks, fullers earth and fulling clay, out of and from the Kingdoms and Dominion aforesaid, and for the better setting on work the poor People and Inhabitants of the Kingdoms and Dominion aforesaid; and to the Intent that the full and belt Use and Benefit of the principal native Commodities of the same Kingdoms and Dominion may come, redound and be unto and amongst the Subjects and Inhabitants of the same, and not unto or amongst the Subjects and Inhabitants of the Realm of Scotland, or of any foreign Realms or States, as the same now of late in some great Measure hath done, and is further likely to do, if some severer Punishment than heretofore Burnt. 583. ' be not speedily inflicted upon such Offenders as shall be actors or afmants in and to such Exportation the an Transportation, and in and to such carrying and conveying away thereof, as aforesaid; '(3) Be

ruary 1660. it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament af

/haii export any sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever from and after the Woo? fells'^01' fourteenth Day of January one thousand six hundred and threescore, shall directly or indirectly export, mortlings/shor transport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of lings, Yarn, Qr from the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or out of fuhers earth or from the Isles of Jersey or Guernsey, with Sarke and Alderney, being under the Government of

fulling clay.' Guernsey aforesaid, or out of or from any of them, or out of or from the Kingdom of Ireland aforesaid,

into any Parts or Places out of the Kingdoms, Isles or Dominion aforesaid, any Sheep or Wool whatsoever, of the Breed or Growth of the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, or Isles or Dominion aforesaid;

(4) or any wool fells, Mortlings or Shorlings, or any Yarn made of Wool, or any wool flocks, or Nor carry, ortoad any fullers earth, or any fulling clay whatsoever: (5) nor shall directly or indirectly pack or load, at

shee^wo1? cave to packed or loaded, upon any Horse, Cart or other Carriage, or.load or lay on board, or cause

&rp' to be loaden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel, in any Place or Port within the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, or Town of Berwick, or Isles or Dominion aforesaid, any such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool or wool flocks, or any fullers earth or fulling clay, to the Intent or Purpose to export, transport, carry or convey the same, or to cause the same to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, Town of Berwick, Isles or Dominion aforesaid, or with Intent or Purpose, that any other Person or Persons Should so export, transport, carry or convey the same into any Parts or Places out of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, Town of Berwick, Isles or Dominion aforesaid, into the Kingdom of Scotland or any foreign Parts.

niwool.wcol

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, the'li^h of^fan Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, or any fullers earth or fulling clay, shall be from and 1660'.4to°be cir after the fourteenth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, export riedoutof ed, transported, carried or conveyed out of the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, or Town ^'except"'*' f Berwick, or Kingdom of Ireland, or out of any Port or Place of the said Kingdoms respectively, unto the Isles of Jersey or Guernsey, or to Sarke or Alderney, except as in this act shall be hereafter limited or appointed.

The Penalties.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Offender and Offenders, Offence and Offences aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the respective Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures hereafter following, that is to say, The said Sheep, Wools, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, fullers earth and fulling clay so exported, transported, carried, conveyed, packed or loaden contrary to the true Intent of this Act, shall be forfeited; (2) and that every Offender and Offenders therein shall forfeit twenty Shillings for every such Sheep, and three Shillings for every pound weight of such Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, fullers earth or fulling clay; (3) and also the Owners of the said Ships or Vessels, knowing such Offence, shall forfeit all their Interest in the said Ships or Vessels, with all their Apparel and Furniture to them and every of them belonging; (4) and that the Master and Mariners thereof, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and willingly Aiding and Assisting thereunto, shall forfeit all their Goods and Chattels, and have Imprisonment for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize; C the one Moiety of which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or before the Justices of Assize, or in the General Quarter sessions of the Peace; in which Suit, no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

The Penalty

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Merchant, or other Person or Persons, shall after the said upon any Mer fourteenth Day of January transport or cause to be transported any Sheep, Wool, wool fells, mort transporcwools, l'ngs> Shorlings, woollen yarn, wool flocks, fullers earth or fulling clay, contrary to the true Intent fcc.'of this act, and be thereof lawfully convicted, that then he shall be disabled to require any Debt or Account

[Proviso.]

of any factor or others, for or concerning any Debt or Estate properly belonging to such Offender: (2) Provided always, and it is nevertheless declared, That this act, or anything therein contained,

shall not be confirued to take away any greater Pains or Penalties inflicted, or to be inflicted, for any the Offences aforesaid, by Virtue of any former act of Parliament now in Force.

Offence9 apiinft V And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Offence that shall be done or this a a where committed contrary to this act, shall and may be inquired of and heard, examined, tried and determined t erne. in the County where such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool floeks, fullers earth or fulling clay respectively shall be so packed, loaden or laid aboard as aforesaid, contrary to this act, or else in the County where such Offenders shall happen to be apprehended or arrested for such Offence, in such Manner and Form, and to such effect to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Offence had been wholiy and altogether done and committed at and in such County.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

C 32.

205

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatso Prosecutior tobc

ever, shall at any Time hereafter be impeached for any Offence aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons iuier the Offence shall be prosecuted within the Space of one Year next ensuing such Offence committed. committed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for By iow. 3. any Person or Persons to seize, take and challenge to his or their own Use and Behoof, and to the Use of pvoreeutiln mly the King, his Heirs and Successors, all and all Manner such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, shor be within tt.reey lings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, fuiiers earth and fulling clay, as he or they shall happen to Years.

see, find, know or discover to be laid aboard in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, or to be brought, car £ Goods con ried or laid on shore, at or near the Sea, or any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to trary to this Act be exported, transported or conveyed out of the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, Town of Berwick, Isles with intent to or Dominion aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, or to be packed or loaden upon any '

Horse, Cart or other Carriage, to the Intent or Purpose to be conveyed or carried into the Kingdom of have the Moiety Scotland aforesaid; and that such Person or Persons as shall happen so to seize, take or challenge any tflereof such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, fullers earth or fulling clay as aforesaid, shall have the full Moiety thereof to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. Provided always, That such Person or Persons as shall make any such Seizure or Challenge a perfo^m/ii1 not

foresaid to his or their own Use, shall not be admitted or allowed to give in Evidence upon his or their beevidence n Oath or Oaths against any Person or Persons which shall happen to be mdidled, accused or questioned by against the Of virtue of this Act, or anything therein contained. tender.

IX. And furthermore, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Ship, Vessel, Forfeiture of the Hulk, Barge or Boat of what Kind soever, whereof any alien born, or whereof any natural born Sub ship if the own jedts not inhabiting within the Realm of England, shall be Owner or Part owner, and wherein any Sheep, or nounhabitirg Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, fullers earth or fulling in England, Clay, shall happen to be shipped, put or laid aboard, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, shall be

forfeited to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

X Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to any Lambfkin ready dressed, and prepared fit and useful for Fur or Linings.

[Proviso.]

XI. Provided also, That this Act shall not in any wise, extend to the Transporting, Carrying or Conveying away of any such wool sells or Pelts, with such Wool upon them, or to any Beds fluffed with Flocks, which shall be carried orimployed in any Ship or other Vessel for necessary Use only, of and about

the Ordnance or other Thing in or concerning such Ship or Vessel, or only for the necessary Use of any the Persons in such Ship or Vessel passing or being, and which shall not be sold or uttered in any foreign Parts out of the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, or Town of Benuick, Isles or Dominion aforesaid; (2) nor to the Exporting, Carrying or Conveying of any Wether sheep, or of the Wool Ireland, growing upon any such wether sheep, to be carried alive in any Ship or other Vessel, for and towards berwic*t' the only necessary Food or Diet of or for the Company or Passengers, or other Persons therein, and for and towards none other Purpose.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Actor anything therein contained, pyoviso. shall not extend to any such Wool to be exported or transported out of or from the Port of Southampton, southampton only unto the aforesaid Isles of Jersey and Guernsey, by or for the only Use or Behoof of any the Inha jersey, Guem'. bitants of the said Isles of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, or to any such Wool to be fliipoed.fty.

or loaden aboard in any Ship or other Vessel, by or for the only Use or Behoof of any the Inhabitants of the said Isles of Jersey or Guernsey, or either of them, in the Port aforesaid, to be exported and transported into the said Isles of Jersey or Guernsey, or either of them; so as such Person and Persons that shall so ship or lay aboard such Wool into any Ship or other Vessel, do before the Shipping or laying aboard such Wool, deliver unto the Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor or Searcher of the Port of Southampton aforesaid (out of which the same Wool is to be exported) a Writing under the Seal or Seals of the respective Governors of the same Isles of Jersey and Guernsey, unto which the said Wool is to be transported, or of his or their Deputy or Deputies respectively, the which Writing shall purport and express, that the Party named in such Writing is authorised and appointed to export or cause to be exported out of the Port aforesaid, so much Wool expressing the Number of the Tods, to the same isle, to lie used or manufactured in one of the same Isles, or in some of the Members or Parts of the same, and that such Party so authorised and appointed to export or cause to be exported that Wool, hath before the making and Sealing of that Writing, entered into sufficient Bond to his Majesty's Use for the landing of the said Wool in that Isle: (2) And to the Intent that the Quantity of Wool to be exported out of the Port of Southampton aforesaid into the said Isles, or either of them, in any one Year, accounting the Year to begin from the bn1arsed ast first Day of January next ensuing, and so yearly from the first Day of January, may not exceed the wm? hereunder specified, that is to say, unto the Isle of Jersey two thousand Tods and no more of Ses. 1, C 31. unkembed Wool, and unto Guernsey one thousand Tods and no more of unkembed Wool, and unto §4 alderney two hundred Tods and no more of unkembed Wool, and unto Sarke one hundred Tods of un saik^' kembed Wool and no more, every Tod not exceeding thirty-two Pounds.'

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor of the said Isle of Jersey, or his Deputy for whom he will answer, shall not make to any Person or Persons any Writing or Writings, such as is above foecified, to authorise and appoint such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to fetch, export or transport out of the Port of Southampton aforesaid, unto the said Tfle of Jersey, in one Year, accounting the Year from the first Day of January one thousand six hundred and sixty aforesaid, any greater Quantity of Wool than two thousand Tods in any one Year; (2) and that the Governor of the said Isle of Guernsey, or his Deputy for whom he will answer, shall not make to any Person or Persons any Writing or Writings, such as is above specified, to authorise and appoint such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to fetch, export or transport out of the Port above specified, unto the said Isles of Guernsey with Alderney and Sarke,

8 -, in

so G. 33^ 34. Anno duodecimo Carojli II A.D. 166.0.

in any one Year, accounting the Year from the first Day of "January aforesaid, any greater Quantity of - Wool than one thousand Tods for Guernsey, two hundred Tods for Alderney, and one hundred Tods for

Sarke, in any one Year; (3) and that the Customer of the Port of Southampton aforesaid shall keep a true Account of all the said Quantity of Wools so by him permitted to be loaden by Virtue of this act, and shall not permit any greater Quantity of Wools to be loaden than by this Act is prescribed in any one Year, to either of the said Islands respectively, under any Pretence whatsoever, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture of his Place, and of the Sum of one hundred Pounds in Money; one Moiety whereof to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed. (4) And if any of the Governors aforesaid, or any of their or either of their Deputy or Deputies of the said Isles, or either of them, shall give, grant, or make any Licence or Licences for exporting from Southampton aforesaid, into the said Isles reflectively., of any greater Quantity of such Wool than is before by the true Meaning of this Act limited and appointed in that Behalf; that then the respective Governor or Governors of such of the said Isles final! forfeit and 'pay to the King's Majesty, his Heirs' or Successors, the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of England, for every Tod of Wool which shall be so licensed to be exported, over and above the Rate or Proportion of Wool, in' and by this Act, or the true Meaning thereof, limited or appointed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Governors aforesaid, or their respective Deputies, or any their Clerks, Officers or Servants, for the granting, making or sealing M wctrzhg' °*" every such Writing of Licence as is aforesaid, and for the entering a Remembrance of the same into Wool, i3: Sf 14 some Book, which they shall have and keep for that Purpose, may have and take the Sum of twelve m B ence, and no more; (2) upon Pain of forfeiting to the Party grieved the Sum of five Shillings for every stat. C z'which shall be taken over and above the said Sum of twelve Pence, in and by this Act allowed to 3a.2s. be taken, and so after that Proportion; the said Penalty or Forfeiture for the taking above twelve Pence9e? 10 w.z. as aforesaid, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record at Westminster, or CC 11 elsewhere, wherein no Injunction, Protection, Privilege, Essoin or Wager of.law shall be admitted or

3 Geo. i. c.zu. assowed. [Confirmed by 13 Car, 2. Stat, 1. C 14.]

4 Q 1 C lis Geo. 1. c. 11. 32 Geo. i. C 34. 13 Geo. I. C 23. 5 Geo. 2. c. 21. 12 Geo. 2. c.zi. 15 Geo. 2. c. 27. 25.cn. 2, C 14. 26 Geo. 2.

C b & 11. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. and 30 Geo. 2. C iz,

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for Confirmation of Marriages.

32 H. 8. C 38. Marriages mice the first of May t6*2. confirmed, ifluesuponlaw fullness of Marriages already joined shall be tried by Jury. Car, 2. statio C XX

WHEREAS by Virtue or Colour of certain Ordinances, or certain pretended Acts, or Ordinances, diverse Marriages since the Beginning of the late Troubles have been had and folenuiized in some other Manner than hath been formerly used and accustomed: '(2) Nov for the preventing and avoiding of all doubts and Questions touching the same, It is enacted, UY.

EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting or Sowing of Tobacco in England or Ireland.

importance of C W OUR majesty's loyal and obedient Subjects, the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament the Plantations C j[ assembled, considering of how great Concern and Importance it is, That the Colonies and Plans.

merica. < tations of this Kingdom in America, be defended, protected, maintained, and kept up, and that all due and possible Encouragement be given unto them; and that not only in regard great and considerable Dominions and Countries have been thereby gained, and added to the Imperial Crown of this Realm,

' but for that the Strength and Welfare of this Kingdom do very much depend upon them, in regard of the Employment of a very considerable Part of its Shipping and Seamen, and of the Vent of very great Quantities of its Native Commodities and Manufactures, and also of its Supply with several considerable Commodities which it was wont formerly to have only from Foreigners, and at far dearer Rates: (2) And forasmuchas Tobacco is one of the main Products of several of those Plantations, and upon which their Welfare and Subsistence, and the Navigation of this Kingdom, and Vent of its Commodities thither,

' do much depend; and in regard it is found by Experience, That the Tobaccoes planted in thefeparts £ are not so good and wholesome for the Takers thereof; and that by the Planting thereof, your Majesty is deprived of a considerable Part of your Revenue arising by Customs upon Imported Tobacco; 'Do most humbly pray, that it may be enacted by your Majesty; and it is hereby enacted by the king's; j most Excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the CL No Perron after Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or do from and after the first Day of1 the first of Jan. January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, set, plant, improve to grow, make 11 fiianvc6or°p]ant or cl!re ftny Tobacco, either in Seed, Plant or otherwise, in or upon any Ground, Earth, Field, or Place any Tobacco., within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, Islands of Guernsey or jersey, or Town of Berwick The Penalty upon Tweed, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Tobacco, or made toi. by the Value thereof, or of the Sum of forty Shillings for every Rod or Pole of Ground so planted, fetor Car. 2. C 7. sown as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity of Ground; one Moiety thereof l8, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same,

to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager in Law mail be allowed.

A.D. 1660. anno duodecmio caroli il. C 35, -37. 207

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs, Con All Sheriffs arc

and every of them, upon Information for Complaint made unto them or any of them, by any the may d^stroy any! Officers of the Customs, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, That there is any Tobacco set, Tobacco planted fo\vn, planted, or growing within their Jurisdictions or Precincts, contrary to this Act,; shall within ten ^p2.trary to thi*

1 Days after such Information or Complaint cause to be burnt, plucked up, consumed, or utterly destroyed, all such Tobacco so set, 'sown, planted or growing! V

III. and.it is hei eby further enacted, That in Cale any Person or Persons (Irall refill or make forcible Jnhye persons e f Opposition against any Person or Persons in the due and through Execution of this Act, that every such rifting this Act. Person or Persons, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds to be divided and recovered

in Manner aforesaid.; (2) And in Case any Person or Persons shall not pay the Sums of Money by them to bd paid by Virtue of this Act, That in every such Case, Distiefs shall be made, and Sale thereof, returning the Overplus to the Owners: And in Case no Distress be to be found, That then every such Party mail be committed to the Common Gaol in the County where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of two Months without Bail or Mainprize.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall vaug^dtns1* extend to the hindering of the planting of Tobacco in any Physic garden of either University, or in

any other private Garden for Physic or Chirurgery only, so as the Quantity so planted exceed not one

Half of one Pole in any one Place or Garden. 13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. cap. 14. 5 Geo. 1. C n. §. 19. Farther

ms concerning Tobacco, 15 Car. 2. C 7. 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 26. 1 Jac. 2. C 4. 7 & 8 TV. 3. C 10. 10 & n TV. 3. C 21. 2 Ann. C 9. 6 Am. C 22.

sarw. c.i^. 12 Ann. Stat. 2. C 8. 1gw.nc. 46. jc«. 1. (, 11, 6 Gcs. 1. C 21.9 Geo. 1. c. 21. 12 Geo. 1. c. 26 (S' 28. u S. 2, t. 2, 24 Gets. 2,

r. 41, and 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act erecting and establishing a Postoffice; repealed by9 Ann., C 10. §. 2.

CAP. XXXVI.

The Mailer of the Rolls empowered to make Leases for Years in order to new build the old Houses belonging

to the Rolls. P R. '13 Car.; z. Stat. u C 14.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making the Precinct of covent-garden Parochial. PR,

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Angliae, Scotia Francias

Hibernian, decimo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the eighth Day of May, Lev. 296. Anno don. one thousand six hundred and sixty one, in the thirteenth year2keb, 686t of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles the Second, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And there continued: until Tuesday the thirtieth of July one thousand six hundred sixty one: And from that Day the said Parliament was adjourned unto the twentieth of 'November then next following: To the high Pleasure of Almighty God, and to the Weal public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

EXP.

An Act for Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and fedi 13 fiiz, C 1. tious Practices and Attempts. What shall be adjudged Treason during the Life of the King. Being 16 C 7

declared and proved by two Witnesses. Convicted by due Course of Law. Offences (during his Ma 14, 2'

jesty's Life) which disable Persons to bear any Office. Peerage. The Parliament begun third of November 1640. not in Being. No Legislative Power in either or both Houses of Parliament without the King. The Solemn League and Covenant unlawful, and illegally imposed. Certain Orders and Ordinances of both or either Houses of Parliament declared void. Proviso, the said Orders, C may be made Use of according to the Act of Indemnity. No Person to be prosecuted for any Offences in this Act (other than Treason) unless by (pedal Order from his Majesty: within six Months after the Offence committed. Treasons and Offences within this Adc to be proved by two Witnesses viva voce. Proviso for the Privilege of Debates in Parliament, for Repeal or Alteration of Laws, or redressing public Grievances. Proviso for Peerage and Peers.

208 C. 2-5. Anno decimo tertio Caroli II. A.D. 1661.

CAP. II.

An Act for Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporal Jurisdiction or Authority.

16 Car. ». c. 17.

WHEREAS at the Parliament begun at Westminster the third Day of November in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles of Blessed Memory, since deceased, an Act of Parliament was made, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise Temporal jurisdiction or Authority; (2) which Act hath made several Alterations prejudicial to the Constitution and ancient Rights of Parliament, and contrary to the Laws of this Land, and is by Ex ' perience found otherwise inconvenient) Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporal jurisdiction or Authority, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be and is hereby from henceforth repealed, annulled and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. III.

EXP.

11 Car. 1. C 11. An Act for the Declaring, Veiling and Settling of all such Moneys, Goods and other Things, in his Majesty, which were received, levied or collected in these late Times, and are remaining in the Hands or Possession of any Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors or others, not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion. Goods and Moneys levied since the thirtieth of January 1642. and not pardoned, are veiled in his Majesty. The Revenues of the Churches in Jvahs to be accounted for. Commissions for Discovery. Persons accountable enabled to sue for ard levy all Arrears. Proviso, none to be questioned but upon some Prosecution begun before the twenty-fourth of June 1662.

CAP. IV.

An Act for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty.

EXP.

Proviso, dechr V AND be it hereby declared, That no Commissions or Aids of this Nature can be issued out or ins no Commit levied, but by Authority of Parliament; and that this Act, and the Supply hereby granted, shall

ture but'by Au »ot drawn into Example for the Time to come. 1 R. 3. cap. 2.

thoriry of Parliamom.

CAP. V.

An Act against Tumults and Disorders, upon Pretence of preparing or presenting publick Petitions, or other Addresses to his Majesty or the Parliament.

[Tumultuous and disorderly preparing Petitions, a great Occasion of the late Wars and Calamities.]

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that tumultuous and other disorderly soliciting and procuring of Hands by private Persons to Petitions, Complaints, Remonstrances and Declarations, and other Addresses to the King, or to both or either Houses of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established by Law, Redress of pretended Grievances in Church or State, or other publick Concernments, have been made Use of to serve the Ends of factious and seditious Persons gotten into Power, to the Violation of the public Peace, and have been a great Means of the late unhappy Wars, Confusions and Calamities in this Nation; ' for preventing the like Mischiefs for the Future,

[No Person after the 1st Aug. 1661. shall solicite or procure any Petition, &c. for altering any established Law in Church or State. Nov 101. 2 Cr. 37. Moor 755. pl. 1043.]

II. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall from and after the first of August one thousand six hundred sixty and one, solicite, labour or procure the getting of Hands, or other Consent, of any Persons above the Number of twenty or more, to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, or other Address to the King, or both or either Houses of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established by Law in Church or State, unless the Matter thereof have been first consented unto and ordered by three or more Justices of that County, or by the major Part of the Grand Jury of the County or Division of the County where the same Matter shall arise, at their public Affixes, or General Quarter sessions, or if arising in London, by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common council assembled; (2) and that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall repair to his Majesty, or both or either of the Houses of Parliament, upon Pretence of presenting or delivering any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance or Declaration, or other Addresses, accompanied with excessive Number of People, nor at any one Time with above the Number of ten persons; upon Pain of incurring a Penalty not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds in Money, and three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize for every Offence; which Offence to be prosecuted at the Court of King's Bench, or at the Affixes or General Quarter sessions, within six Months after the Offence committed, and proved by two or more credible Witnesses.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not be construed to extend to debar or hinder any Person or Persons, not exceeding the Number of Twenty aforesaid, to present any public or private Grievance or Complaint to any Member or Members of Parliament after his Election, and during the Continuance of the Parliament, or to the King's Majesty, for any Remedy to

A.D. 1661. Anno decimo tertio Caroli II. C. 6, 7. 209

[See 1 W.& M. Sess. 2. c. 2.]

be thereupon had; nor to extend to any Address whatsoever to his Majesty, by all or any of the Members of both or either Houses of Parliament, during the Sitting of Parliament, but that they may enjoy their Freedom of Access to his Majesty, as heretofore hath been used.

CAP. VI.

An Act declaring the sole Right of the Militia to be in the King, and for the present Ordering and Disposing the same.

T? Forasmuch as within all his Majesty's Realms and Dominions, the sole supreme Government, ' X Command and Disposition of the Militia, and of all Forces by Sea and Land, and of all Sorts and Places of Strength, is, and by the Laws of England ever was, the undoubted Right of his Majesty, and his Royal Predecessors, Kings and Queens of England, (2) and that both, or either of the Houses of Parliament cannot nor ought to pretend to the same j nor can nor lawfully may raise or levy any War offensive or defensive against his Majesty, his Heirs or lawful Successors; and yet the contrary thereof hath of late Years been practised almost to the Ruin and Destruction of this Kingdom; (3) and during the late usurped Governments, many evil and rebellious Principles have been distilled into the Minas of the People of this Kingdom, which unless prevented, may break forth to the Disturbance of the Peace and Quiet thereof: £5V.'

[Proviso.]

Militia. 15ed. j. Star. 5. C 8. Persons who have acted by commission of Lieutenancy, indemnified. No Person may be

Deputy Lieutenant, that hath not taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy. 13 & 14 Car. 1. C 3. 8. 13 Car, 1. C 4. Farther

ting terete, 13 (St 14 Cor. 1. c. 3. 15 Car. a. c. 4. 10 & 11 W. 3. C 11. 1 Ann. Star. 2. C 13. I Ga. 1, Srjt. z. r. 14.9 Geo. 1. C S,

30 Ga. 1. C 15. 31 Geo. a. c. 16. 32 Ga. X e. to snd 33 Geo. a. C 1, 11 & 14.

EXP.

Altered by lceo. i.sutx. C 14.

The Command of the Militia by Sea and Land the undoubted Right of his ma jessy.

4 & 5 PM. C 3.

An Act under Consideration touching the Lieutenant or prez tponi rtla 7 Geo. 1. c. 13.

CAP. VII.

An Act for confirming Public Acts.

WHEREAS during the late Difficulties and Exigencies of Affairs in the Absence of his most ' \ Vessellent Majesty, and in Reference to his Return from beyond the Seas into these his Majesty's Dominions, the Lords and Commons being assembled at Westminster the five and twentieth

1 ay of April in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were from thence, and after his Majesty's ' Return, continued until the nine and twentieth Day of December then next following and now lall pall,

and then dissolved by his Majesty: In which Time several a<fls were passed by his Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the said Lords and Commons assembled as aforesaid, which being of necessary Use, are (it to be continued and confirmed, although the Manner of the said Assembling,

enforced by the Difficulties and Exigencies aforesaid, which then lay upon the Nation, is not to be drawn into Example; '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Acts made, or mentioned to be made, by his said Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons, upon or since the said five

and twentieth Day of April herein after particularly mentioned and expressed; is to say, (3) one Para

CL intituled, An Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion: (4) One other act, intituled, faxcl'f' C " A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise >icar. 1. C 4. exported and imported: (cj One other Act, intituled, An Act for continuing the Exeije until the twentieth of August one thousand six hundred and sixty: (6) One other Act, intituled, An Act for continuing the Excise excifv.' C till the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred an.dfi.xty: (7) One other Act, inti >» Car. 1. C 8. tuled. An Act for the speedy pr.vision of Money, for disbdnding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom Ta£*' both by Land and Sea: _ (8) One other Act, intituled, An Act for confirmation of Judicial Proceedings: Process C'9'

(9) One other Act, intituled, An Act for the speedy dishanding of the Army and Garrtfons of this Kingdom: 1* Car. 2. C 11.

(10) One other Act, intituled, An Act for the supplying and explaining certain Defects in an Act, ary

intituled, 'An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this King taxes/c' " '5' dom both by Land and Sea: (it) One other Act, intituled, An Act to pi event Frauds and Concealments of 12 car. 2. C 10. his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies: (12) One other Act, intituled, An Act for raising sevenfeore thousand Merchants. Pounds for the complete disbdnding of the whole Army, and paying off same Part of the Navy: (13) One Taxes.'"

Other Act, intituled, A Grant oj certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for the bureafe of his 11 Car, z. c.zo. mojc/if s Revenue during his Life: (14) One other Act, intituled, An Act for tab fug away the Court of tja es C I Cards and Liveries, ami Tenures in Capite, and by Knights service, and Purveyance, and for settling a courvof^wards) Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof: (15) One other Act, intituled, An Act for the better ordering the Selling of ivincs by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling, Corrupting and Vitiating of Iff C 4> jvines, and for settling and limiting the Prices of the same: (16) One other Act, jnt.it.ded. An Act for the car.'a. C 15.

I levying of the Arrears of the twelve Months Affjfment, commencing the four and twentieth Day of June one Taxes. thujnnd six hundred fifty and nine j and the six Months Affjfment, [commencing the five and twentieth. C afi.

December one thou find six hundred fifty and nine: (17) One other Act, intituled, An Act for granting Taxes. unto the King's Majesty four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by, an Assessment of threescore and ten thousand 11 Car' C Z7' Pounds by the Month, for six Months, for disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy

('8) One other Act, intituled, 'An Act for the further supplying and explaining certain Defects in an Taxes.

A, intituled, 'An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for dishanding and paying of the Forces of this ar' c'*Vui. 111.'"E e'Kingdom

Taxes, Kingdom both by Land and Sea: (19) One other act, intituled, An Act for the raising of seventy thousand

Treason!'9' Pounds for the further Supply of his Majesty: (20) One other at, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of II Car. i. C 30. several P erf ns guilty of the horrid Murder of his late sacred Majesty King Charles the Firs: One Poit office. 1 other act, intituled, An Act for eretting and establishing a Poji ofpce: (22) One other act, intituled, taxesa an At? for putting in Execution an Ordinance mentioned in this Atl: (23) And all and every the Clauses, II car. i. C 1. Sentences and Articles in them and every of them contained, shall be and hereby are ratified and confirmed, and enacted and declared to have the full' Force and Strength of acts or Parliament, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, and so shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to all Intents and purposes whatsoever, and as if the same had been made, declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for 1 providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals.

WHEREAS by an act made in the Parliament in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

Car 24- ' Vy intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and 'tenures in' Capite, and by cie! k or Chief Knights service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof, it was Officer of his ' (amongst other Tilings) enacted for the Reasons and Recompense therein expressed, That from real's'by wir .* no Peiffon or persons by any Warrant, Commission or Authority under the Great Seal, ralt from the or otherwise, by Colour of buying or making Provision or Purveyance for his Majesty, or any Queen Grten Cloth, to of England for the Time being, or of any the Children of any King or Queen of England that shall &°vformsma be, or fr *s' t^e'r or any ot" t*le'r r°ulhold, shall take any Cart, Carriage or other Thing what

jesty sure. " ' soever, of any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, without the free and full Can

Penalty for re sent of the Owner or Owners thereof, had and obtained without Menace or Inforcement; (2) nor hifma eftyfni(h*Simmon, warn, take, use or require any the said Subjects to furnish or find any Horses, Oxen, nohorfesor or other Cattle, Carts, Ploughs, Wains or other Carriages, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Carriages to tra successors, or of any Queen of England, or of any Child or Children of any the Kings or Queens' of

day^s°lourney*f nfanf for the Time beingj for the carrying the Goods of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or

nor without the said Queens, or Children, or any of them, without such full and free Content as aforesaid; Pay of ready Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: :,) Which Act may prove very Penalty for '*prejudicial and inconvenient to the King's Majesty, in his Royal Progresses upon his necessary occa wrongfui 'tions to several Parts of this Realm, in Case any Person or Persons shall obstinately refuse voluntarily charging any to provide sufficient Carriages for Royal Service at ordinary and usual Rates for such Carriages, as are Ratesfor Horse'.pa^ by others of his subjects in such Places, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said meatanddiet at: iacd

for his Majesty's Servants. Rates and Prices to be set down by two Justices of the Peace. Penalty for taking more than limited for Lodging, C

CAP. IX.

REP, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea. Rep. 22 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. X

An Act to prevent the unlawful Coursing, Hunting or Killing of Deer.

FOR the better Preventing of the unlawful Coursing, Hurting, Taking or Killing of Deer, by many idle, loose and disorderly Persons, (2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, and by the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall from and after the first Day of August next un 3 Mod. 174. lawfully course, kill, hurt or take away any Red or Fallow Deer in any Forest, Chase, Purlieu, Pad

2 show. 4g0. dock, Wood, Park or other Ground where Deer are or have been usually kept within the Realm of

Bara. V 1.47j. England or Dominion of Wales, without the Consent of the Owner or Person chiefly intruded with the Custody thereof, or shall be aiding or assisting the rein, and shall be convieled thereof by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible witnesses, before one or more Justices of the Peace, (who are hereby empowered to administer an Oath to that Purpose) such Person being prosecuteilo for such Offence within six Months after such Offence done; that then every Person so offending, shall The Penalty, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds; (3) to be levied by Way of Distrtfs upon the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Justices Hand before whom

Raym. 458. such conviction Avail be made.; (a) the one Moiety of the said twenty Pounds to be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Owner of the Deer; (3) and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be committed to the House of Correction for six Months, and there to be put to hard Labour; or to the Common Gaol for one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprise, at the Discretion of the Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be (and not to be discharged from thence till he or they have given sufficient Sureties for their good Behaviour for one whole Year next ensuing WM, after Iris or their Inlargement:,) (6) Provided, That where any Offender shall be punished by Force «. 10. 4. of

A.D. 1661. Anno decimo tertio Caroli II C II 12.

of this Act, that he shall not be prosecuted, nor incur the.penalty of any other Law or Statute for. tyre same Offence. 19 H. 7. C u. 3 Jac. 1. C 13. 7.jac. 1. C 13.

CAP. XI.

An Act for confirming of three acts therein mentioned.

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Acts herein after mentioned, made or mentioned to be made upon or since the twenty: fifth Day of April in the twelfth Year of his said majesty's Reign, by his said Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons assembled at Westminster upon the said twenty-fifth of April, and there continued until the twenty-ninth. Day of December then next following, and then dissolved; said Acts are herein after particularly mentioned and expressed by the several and re spedhve Titles following; That is to say, '(2) one Act, intituled, An Act for the Raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the further Supply of his Majesty; And one other Act, intituled, An Act for the Confirmation of Marriages 5(4.) And one other Act, intituled, 'An act' Act for a perpetual anniversary fhankf giving on the twenty-ninth Day of May: (5) And all and every the Clauses, Sentences and Articles in them and every of them contained, shall be 'and. hereby are ratified and confirmed, and enacted and declared to have the full Force and Strength of Acts of Parliament, according to the Tenor and Purport chereof, and so shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and as if the same had been made, declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An act for Explanation, of a Clause contained in an at of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of the 'late King Charles, intituled An act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute Prim Elizabeth, Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical.

WHEREAS in an Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of the late King Charles, intituled, An Act for repeal of a Branch of a Statute Primo Elizabeth, concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That no Archbishop, Bishop nor Vicar General, nor any chancellor nor Commissary of any Archbishop, Bishop or Vicar General, nor any Ordinary whatsoever, nor any other spiritual or Ecclesiastical Judge, Officer or Minister of Justice, nor any other Person or Persons whatsoever, exercising Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, by any Grant, Licence or Commission of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Power or Authority derived from the King, his Heirs or Successors, or other wise, shall, ( from and after the first Day, of August, then should be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred forty-one) award, impose or inflict any Pain, Penalty, Fine, Amerciament, Imprisonment. ' ot1' er corporal punishment upon any of the King's Subjects, for any Contempt; Misdemeanour, Crime, Offence, Matter or Thing, whatsoever, belonging to Spiritual or Ecclesiastical cognizanccj or jurisdiction; whereupon forrie ijoubt hath been made, that all ordinary Power of Coercion gnd prpv ceddings in Causes Ecclesiastical were taken away, whereby the ordinary Course of Justice in Causes Ecclesiastical hath been, obstructed ('3) Be if therefore declared and enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority thereof, That neither the said Act, nor anything therein contained, doth or shall take away any ordinary Power or Authority from any of the said Archbishops, Bishops, or any other Person or Persons named as aforesaid, but that they and every of them, exercising Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, may proceed, determine, femence, execute and exercise all Manner of Ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and all Censures and Coercions appertaining and belonging to the same before the Making of the Act before recited, in all Causes and Matters belonging to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, according to the King's majesty's Ecclesiastical Laws used and practised in this Realm, in as ample Manner and form, as they did and might lawfully have done before the Making of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the afore recited Act oi decimo septimo Caroli, and all the Matters and Clauses therein "contained (excepting what concerns the High Comniifiiori court, or the new Erection of some suchlike Court by Commiihon) shall be and is hereby repealed; to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; anything, Claute or Sentence in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. that.neither this "Act, nor anything herein contained, shall extend or be construed to revive or give Force to the said Branch of the said Statute made in the said first Year of the Reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, mentioned in the said Act of Parliament made in the said seventeenth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles, but that the said Branch of the said Statute made in the said first Year of the Reign of the' said late Queen Elizabeth, shall stand and be repealed in such Sort as if this Act had never been made.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Archbiftsop, Biihbp, 'Vicar General, Chancellor, Commissary, or any other Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Judge, Officer or Minister, or any other Person having or exercising Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, to tender or admiaifter unto any person whatsoever, the Oath' fi fit ally called the 'oath Ex Officio, or any other Oath

2 11

t tlco, 1. C ir.

ir.

g Geo. 1. C5, 10 Geo. 1.1. 31,

Taxes.

it Car. t, C 19. Marriages, it Car. t. C 35. Anniversary Thanksgiving. it Car. z. C 14,

16 Car. 1. C 11,

1. V

1 i. V AT

if, o. 'c"

The ordinary Power of arch bishops, C not taken away.

May use eccle fnstical jurisdiction.

[Proviso.]

The Stat, 16 Car. r. C ir. repea ltd as to all, except what concerns the High coonnif fion Court.

1 Eliz, C 1.

§. is.

Proviso touching the Oath ex ol ficio,

I Mod. 1s5.

II. Rep. lb.

Proviso not to

Jiv< any other urifdiflion to any Archbishop, ice. than they had by Law before trie Year 1*39.

The King's Supremacy in ec clefiaflical Matters.

Canons ecclesiastical.

EXP.

Shipping, la Car. a. ei. Wool, dec. la Car. a. C 31. Leases.

1a Car. a. C 36. Tobacco.

11 Car. a. C 34. ihiirjr.

la Car. a. C 13. Sewers.

1* Car, a.

Poor.

Hot printed.

C 6.

whereby such Person to whom the same is tendred or administred may be charged or compelled to confess or accuse, or to purge him or herself of any criminal Matter or Thing, whereby he or she may be liable to any Censure or Punishment; anything in this Statute, or any other Law, Custora or ul age heretofore to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to give unto any Archbishop, Bishop, or any other Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Judge, Officer or other Person or Persons aforesaid, any Power or Authority to exercise, execute, inflict or determine any Ecclesiastical jurisdiction, Censure or Coercion, which they might not by Law have done before the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred thirty-nine; (2) nor to abridge or diminish the King's majesty's Supremacy in Ecclesiastical Matters and Affairs, nor to confirm the Canons made in the Year one thousand six hundred forty, nor any of them, nor any other Ecclesiastical Laws or Canons not formerly confirmed, allowed or enacted by Parliament, or by the established Laws of the Land, as they flood in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred thirty-nine.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Veiling the Arrears of the Excise and new Impofl in his Majesty.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for confirming an Act, intituled, An Act for Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and several other Acts both public and private mentioned therein.

WHEREAS during the late Difficulties and Exigencies of Affairs in the Absence of his moll Ex ' yv cellent Majesty, and in Reference to his Return from beyond the Seas into these his Majesty's Do

The Lords and Commons being assembled at Westminster the five and twentieth Day of April

in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were from thence, and after his Majesty's Return, con

until the nine and twentieth Day of December then next following, and now last past, and then dissolved by his Majesty; which Time several Acts were passed by his Majesty, by and with the Ad

and Consent of the said Lords and Commons assembled as aforesaid, which being of necessary Use

fit to be continued and confirmed, although the Manner of the said Assembling, enforced by the

Difficulties and Exigencies aforesaid, which then lay upon the Nation, is not to be drawn into Ex

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and Angular the Acts made or mentioned to be made by his said Majesty, by and with the Advice or Consent of the Lords and Commons, upon or since the said five and twentieth Day of April, herein after particularly mentioned and expressed: is to say) (2) One Act, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation; (3) One other Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool!, wool fells, fu/iers earth or any Kind of Scouring earth: (4) One other Act, intituled, An Act empowering the Masler of the Rolls for the Time being, to make Leases for Tears, in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls: (5) One other Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting or Sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland: (6) One other Act, intituled, An Act for refraining tie Taking of excejjme Usury: (7) One other Act, intituled, An Act for the present Nominating of Commisswiert of Sewers: (8) One other Act, intituled, An Act for the Incorporating of the Mafier and Wardens of the Company of Haberdashers, London, to be Governors of the Free School and Almhouses in Newport in the County of Salop, of the Foundation William Adams, and for settling of Lands and Possessions on them for Maintenance thereof, and other charitable Uses: (9) And all and every the Clauses, Sentences and Articles in them and every of them contained, shall be and hereby are ratified and confirmed, and enacted and declared to have the full Force and Strength of Acts of Parliament, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, and so shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and as if the same had been made, declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Act declaring the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders excepted out of the Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion. The Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, Chattels Real and other Things of Isaac Ezver, Sir John Danvers, Sir Thomas Malevcrer, William Purefoy, John Blakiston, Sir William Constable, Richard Dean, <. Francis Aleyn, Peregrine Pelham, John Moore, John Aldred alias Alured, Humphry Edwards, Sir Gregory Norton, John Venn, Thomas Andrews, Anthony Stapley, Thomas Horton, John Fry, Thomas Hammond, Sir John Bourchier, William Lord Mounson, James Challoner, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington,

Zohn Phelps, Robert Wallop and Sir Arthur hajierig, be forfeited. The Goods, cof which Wul'um > ord Alounfon, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, John Phelps and Robert Wallop, were possessed the 11th of February 1659, forfeited and veiled in his Majesty. Proviso for Conveyances and Ar furances, afc. made bona jide, before the 29th of September. Conveyances and Assurances made before the 25th of April 1660. So as they be enrolled in the Exchequer before the first of January 1662. William Lord Alounfon, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, Robert Wallop and John Phelps, degraded. William Mounson, Henry Mildmay, James Harrington, Robert Wallop and John Phelps, Uiall

be

be drawn to Tyburn as Persons executed for Treason. Proviso for Executors of the said Persons and Legacies. Proviso for Sir William Lews. Proviso for Rachel Powre. Proviso for Barrington bourchier.

EXP.

STAT. II

ACTS made at the second Meeting in this present Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth Day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred sixty one, and there continued until the twentieth of December, and from that Day adjourned unto the seventh of January next ensuing, as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations.

WHEREAS Questions are likely to arise concerning the Validity of Elections of Magistrates, and 19 7- ' 7*

' other Officers and Members in Corporations, as well in Respect of removing some, as placing

others, during the late Troubles, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of their Charters and Liber ties: (2) And to the End that the Succession in such Corporations may be moult probably perpetuated

in the Hands of Persons weil affected to his Majesty and the established Government, it being too well known, that notwithstanding all his Majesty's Endeavours, and unparalleled Indulgence in pardoning

' all that is past, nevertheless many evil Spirits are still working

II. Wherefore, for Prevention of the like Mischief for the Time to come, and for Preservation of the

public Peace both in Church and State, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and Commissionrto with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled in Parlia a "| ment and by the Authority of the same, That Commissions shall before the twentieth Day of February Berwick, next, be issued forth under the Great Seal of England, unto such Persons as his Majesty shall appoint for the executing of the Powers and Authorities herein after expressed: that all and every the Persons to oe named Commissioners in the said Commissions respectively, shall by Virtue of this act be commissioner respectively, for and within the several Cities, Corporations and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port towns within the Kingdom of England', Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for which they shall be respectively nominated and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Charter of any Corporation, Cities.

Towns, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port towns in England or Wales, arer ave or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall at any Time hereafter be avoided, for or by Reason of any Act or Thing done, or omitted to be done, before the first Day of this present Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who upon the four and Magistrates to twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred sixty and one, shall be Mayors, Aldermen, Re scribe toce«ain corders. Bailiffs, Town Clerks, Common council men, and other Persons then bearing any Office or Oaths.

Offices of Magistracy, or Places, or Trails, or other Employment relating to or concerning the Government of the said respective Cities, Corporations and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members

and other Port towns, shall at any Time before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six

hundred sixty and three, when they shall be thereunto required by the said respective Commissioners or Oaths of ame

any Three or more of them, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and this Oath following: giance and Su

I A.B. do declare and believe. That it is not lawful, upon any Pretence whatsoever, to take Arms The Oath to be ' JL against the King; and that I do abhor that traitorous Position of taking Anns by his Authority taken.

' against his Person, or against those that are commissioned by him: So help me God.

VI. And also at the same Time shall publicly subscribe, before the said Commissioners or any three Repealed by

of them, this following Declaration: 'eoeo. is. 6.

' T ABDO declare, That I hold that there lies no Obligation upon me or any other Person, from the The Declaration ' X Oath commonly called, The Solemn League and Covenant; and that the same was in itself an unlaw to be subscribed. ' full Oath, and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm against the known Laws and Liberties of the Kingdom

VII. And that all such of the said Mayors and other the Persons aforesaid, by whom the said Oaths Those whore are to be taken, and Declaration subscribed as aforesaid, who shall refuse to take and subscribe the same fuse the Oaths within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after such Refusal, be by Au amoved, thority of this Act (ipso fa Co) removed and displaced of and from the said Offices and Places respectively

; (2) and the said Offices and Places from and immediately after such Refusal, shall be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be void to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said respective Persons so refilling were naturally dead.

214

Commissioners have Power to remove any at their Wills, though they offer to take the Orths.

Their Fowtr to rrrtore any ma giflrate unduly r.moved.

comnihtioners empowered to give the Oaths. Who shall give the Oath aber the Commissions are determined.

The of to keep Remembrances.

And give them to the Town Clerks, e.

None to be a Magistrate unless he take the Oaths and receive the Sacrament,

Farther Provisoes relating hereto, 5 Geo. I, t 6- §3 csrthew 306.

3 levi ts. r Ven. 147, 148. The usual Oath.

How long the Commissioners Power flaah continue.

Commissioners sued may plead the General 111 uc, and recover treble Gofls.

heterr ons of pfbees in l.on tio.t (aved.

C i decimo tertio Caroli II Stafc. II A.D. 1661.

VIII. And nevertheless. Be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power by Virtue of this act, by Order and Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to displace or remove any of the Persons aforesaitl from the said respective Offices and Places, or Trusts aforesaid, if the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, shall deem it expedient for the public Safety, although such Persons (halt have taken and subscribed, or be willing to take and subscribe, the said Oaths and Declaration.

IX. And be it also enacted, That the said respective Commissioners, or any five or mere of them as aforesaid, shall have Power to restore such Person or Persons as have been illegally or undoly removed, into the Places out of which he or they were removed; and also to put and place into the Offices and Places which by any of the Ways aforesaid shall be void respectively, some other Person or Persons then being or which have been Members or Inhabitants of the said respective Cities, Corporations and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports and their Members, and other Port towns; (z) who shall, before the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them, take the said Oaths of Obedience and Supremacy, and the said other Oath, and subscribe the Declaration herein before particularly mentioned, and that the said Persons from and after the taking of the said Oaths, and subsenbing the said Declaration, shall hold and enjoy, and be veiled in, the said Places and Offices, as if they had been duly defied and chosen according to the Charters and former Usages of the said respective Cities, Corporations and Boroughs, Cinque Ports and their Members, and other Port towns.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them respectively, shall have Power, during the Continuance of their respective Commissions, to administer the Oaths aforesaid, and tender the said Declaration, to the said Persons hereby required to take and subscribe the same; (z) and from and after the Expiration of the said respective Commissions, the said three Oaths and Declaration shall be from Time to Time administered and tendred to such Person and Persons, who by the true Meaning of this Act or any Clause therein contained are to take the same, by such Person or Persons respectively, who by the Charters or Usages of the said respective Cities, Corporations and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports and their Members, and other Port towns, ought to administer the Oath for due executing the said Places or Offices respectively;

(3) and in Default of such, by two Justices of the Peace of the said Cities, Corporations and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports and their Members, and other Port towns, for the Time being, if any such there be, or otherwise by two Justices of the Peace for the Time being, of the respective Counties where the said Cities, Corporations or Boroughs, or Cinque Ports or their Members, or other Port towns are.

XL. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, Justices of the Peace, and other Persons hereby authorised to administer the said Oaths and tender the said Declaration respectively, shall cause Memoranda or Entries to be made of all Oaths taken before them, and Subscriptions made as aforesaid, and deliver the same once in a Year to the respective Town clei ks or other Register or Clerk of the said respective Cities, Corporations and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports and their Members, and other Port towns, who shall cause the same to be fairly entered into the Books or Registers belonging to the said respective Cities, Corporations or Boroughs, or Cinque Ports and their Members, or other Port towns.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Expiration of the said Commissions, no Person or Persons shall for ever hereafter be placed, elected or chosen, in or to any the Offices or Places aforesaid, that shall not have within one Year next before such Election or Choice, taken the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England, (z) and that every such Person and Persons so placed, electecl or chosen, shall likewise take the aforesaid three Oaths, and subscribe the said Declaration at the same Time when the Oath for the due Execution of the said Places and Offices respectivjy shall be administered; (3) and in Default hereof, every such Placing, Election and Choice is hereby enacted and declared to be void.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who shall be placed in any Corporation by Virtue of this Act, shall upon his Admission take the Oath or Oaths usually taken by the Members

of such Corporation.

XIV. Provided also, and be it hereby enacted, That the Powers granted to the Commissioners by Virtue of this Act, shall continue and be in Force until the five and twentieth of March one thousand six

'hundred sixty three and no longer.

XV. Provided, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit shall at any Time hereafter happen to be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons nominated a Commissioner as aforesaid, for any Matter or Tiling by them or any of them done by Virtue or in Pursuance of this Act, That then it shall be lawful to and for every such Person and Persons against whom such Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit shall be brought or commenced, to plead the General Issue, and to give this Actor any other special Matter in Evidence; (z) and if the Verdict shall pass with the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuit, or fufter any Discontinuance thereof, that in every such Case the Judge or Judges before whom the said Matter shall be tried, or be depending, shall by Force and

Virtue of this Act allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Costs, which lie or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to the Defendants.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend or be to the Prejudice of any person or Persons whatsoever, that.hath any Reversion erre ver lions of any of the Offices or Places belonging to the City of London, by Force or Virtue of any Order,

Grant,

Grant, Designation or Nomination of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City here Fartier rrrmfi

tofore respectively made or granted to him or them before the Times of the late Wars, for or in respect

of such Grant', Designation or Nomination only; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. 5 c«7lo'6.

and 11 Geo. 1,

CAP. II.

4-

An Act for Prevention of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests, and of Delays in Suits of Law.

WHEREAS by the ancient and fundamental Laws of this Realm, in Case where any Person is Tfceancient sued. or arrested by any Writ, Bill or Process issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts fundamental

' of Record at jvtjhninsler, in any Common Plea, at the Suit of any common Person, the true Cause Arrestsed'

' of Action ought to be set forth and particularly expressed in such Writ, Bill or Process, whereby the Suits, to

Defendant may have certain Knowledge of the Cause of the Suit, and the Officer who shall execute express the true such Writ, Bill or Process, may know howto take Security for the Appearance of the Defendant to

the same, and the Sureties for such Appearances may rightly understand for what cause they become en m ' ice k"

' gauged; (2) and whereas there is a great Complaint of the People of this Realm, that for diverse Years

' now last part very many of his Majesty's good Subjects have been arrested upon general Writs of Tref pass, ghtare claijiim fregit, Bills of Midmfex, Latitats, and other like Writs issued out of the Courts 1 of King's Bench and Common Pleas, not expressing any particular or certain Cause of Action, and 1 thereupon kept Prisoners for a long Time for want of Bail, Bonds with Sureties for Appearances hav ing been demanded in so great Sums, that few or none have dared to be Security for the Appearances of such Persons so arrested and imprisoned, although in Truth there hath been little or no Cause of Ablion; (3) and oftentimes there are no such Persons who are named Plaintiffs, but those Arrests have been many Times procured by malicious Persons, to vex and oppress the Defendants, or to force from them unreasonable and unjust Compositions for obtaining their Liberty; and by such evil Practises many

' Men have been, and are daily undone, and destroyed in their Estates, without Possibility of having Reparation, theadtors employed in such Practises having been (for the most Part) poor and lurking Persons, and their Ablings so secret, that it hath been found very difficult to make true Discoveries or Proof thereof: ',

II. For Remedy and Prevention of which so great growing Evils and Mischiefs, and also for difeou persons arrested' raging all frivolous and unjust Suits, and causeless Arrests fur the future; (2) be it enacted by the king's, by Process out most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the King's i Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after pteas, °noc the twelfth Day of February in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and one, no Person expressing 'the. or Persons who shall happen to be arrested by any Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner, Steward, or Bailiff

of any Franchise or Liberty, or by any other Officer, Minister, Under bailiff, or other Person or per 'an7fe°atiiter fons whatsoever, within this Realm, having or pretending to have Authority or Warrant in that Behalf, ty, upon their by Force or Colour of any Writ, Bill, or Process issuing or to be iflbing out of his Majesty's said Courts own(.bolji)3.for of the King's Bench and Common Pleas, or either of them, in which said Writ, Bill or Process, the pp, ara, 'Certainty and true Cause of Action is not expressed particularly, and for which the Defendant or Defendants in such Writ, Bill or Process named, is and are Bailable by the Statute in that Behalf made in the., 5 h. 4, C 9. three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, shall be forced or compelled '.' to give Security, or to enter into Bond with Sureties, for the Appearances of such Person or Persons so: arrested, at the Day and Place in the said Writ, Bill or Process specified or contained, in any Penalty on Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds of lawful Money of England, to be conditioned for such Appearances; (3) and that all Sheriffs and other Officers and ministers aforesaid shall let to Bail and deliver out of Prison, and from their and every of their Custodies respectively, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, by them or any of them arrested upon any such Writ, Bill or Process, wherein the Certainty and true Cause of Action is not particularly expressed, upon Security in the Sum 1 of forty Pounds and no more, given for Appearance of such Person or Persons so arrested unto the said Sheriff or Officer aforesaid, according to the said Statute in the said three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Henry the Sixth in that Behalf made and provided.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Appearance to be entered in the Term wherein such Writ, Bill or Process is returnable, with the respective Officer in that Behalf, for the said Person or Persons, by Attorney or Attorneys in the said respective Courts from whence the said Writ, Bill or Process issued, unto such Writ, Bill or Process, the Bond or Bonds so given for Appearance thereunto, be and are hereby satisfied and discharged; (2) and that after such Appearance so en Bonds 'given tred, no Amerciaments be fetor estreated upon or against any Sheriff or other Officer aforesaid, or any for) diichai gfd other Person whatsoevc, concerning the want of such Appearance; (3) and unless the Plaintiff or Plain appear tiffs in any such Writ, Bill or Process named, shall put into the Court from whence such Writ, Bill or ance'

Process did issue, his or their Bill or Declaration against the Person or Persons so arrested, in some per Nonffiitfor fonal Action, or Ejifitotie firnue of Lands or Tenements, before the End of the Term next following Want of a Deaf ter Appearance, that then a Nonsuit for want of a Declaration may be entered against the said Plaintiff c!arc'°t pefure or Plaintiffs in the said Courts respectively; and that every Defendant in every such Writ, Bill or next Term after Process named, shall or may have Judgement to recover Costs against every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to Appearance, and be alteffed, taxed and levied in such Manner, and according as it, is provided by the Statute for Costs,

made in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth; any former or pjaintite n

13 h, s, C 15,

2l6

Arrests upon Capias uiuga tum, Attachments upon Rcfcous, Contempts, and of Privileges excepted.

How Persons having Cause of Action may proceed agiinll pri faners in the Fleet.

Farther pravi font relating to Prisoncrt, ig Car. z. C 4. Zl Set 13 Car. z. C zo.

4 a? 5 TV. & AT. e. zt.

5 f9wit. z7. 11 & it IV 3.

' 19.

I Ann. St. Z. f. 6. 5 Ann C g.

9 Cm. 1. e. z8. ai Geo. 1. e. iz.

II. Geo. 1. c.zo. 16 Geo. 2. c. 31.

delays in Suits by Reason of 15 Days between the Tell and Return of Writs, remedied in Actions personal.

ejcoione firms.

Venire facias. Habeas corpora Jurator. Dillringai jura for. Fieri facias, Capias ad satis faciendum; where Exigent tieth after Judgement, or to make the Bail appear, excepted.

3 Jac. 1. C S. touching Haying Executions by Supeifedeas or Writs of Error, and in what Actions it nfty be stayed.

C 2. Anno decimo tertio Caroli II Stat. II A.D. 1661.

other Act, Statute, Ordinance, Law, Custom, Order, Course or Usage of either of the said Courts, t the contrary thereof heretofore had, made, admitted or used in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That this Act, nor any Clause or Thing herein before specified or contained, shall not extend, nor be construed or taken to extend, unto any Arrests hereafter to be made upon or by Virtue of any Writ of Capias Vtlagatum, Attachment upon Refcous, or Attachment upon any Contempt, or of any Attachment of Privilege at the Suit of any privileged Person, or of any other Attachment for Contempt whatsoever, issuing or to be issuing out of either of the said Courts, although there be no particular Certainty of the Cause of Action expressed or contained in the said Writs; (2) but that nevertheless no Sheriff nor Undersheriff, nor any of the Officers or Ministers aforesaid, shall discharge any Person or Persons taken upon any Writ of Capias Utlagatum out of Custody, without a lawful Supersedeas hr (I had and received for the same: (3) And that upon the said Writs of Attachment, such lawful Course be taken for Security for appearance therein as hath been heretofore used; anything herein before expressed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And whereas many Persons out of ill Intent to delay their Creditors from recovering their just continue Prisoners in the Fleet, who cannot be proceeded against in such Manner as they might be, if they were at largenow for the better Enabling all Persons to recover their just Debts and Demands against such Prisoners, (2) be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or which at any Time hereafter shall have, Cause of any personal aion against any Person being a Prisoner in the Prison of the Fleet, may sue forth an Original Writ upon his or their Cause of action; and that a Writ of Habeas Corpus be granted to every such Person or Persons, being Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, desiring the same, to be directed to the Warden of the same Prison, to have the Body of such Prisoner before the Justices of the Common Pleas, at some certain Day in any Term, to answer the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon his or their said Cause of Action; and that if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs at the said Day, put into the said Court lus or their Declaration, according to the said Ori

final Writ, against the said Prisoner being present at the Bar, the said Prisoner shall be bound to appear in erson, or to put in an Attorney to appear for him in the said Action; (3) and unless the said Defendant plead upon a Rule given, to be out at eight Days at the lead after such Appearance, Judgement by Nihil dicit may be entered against such Defendant as appearing in Person, which shall be good and effectual in Law: (4) And such Charge in Court by Declarations, signified by Rule unto the said Warden, shall be a good Cause of Detention of such Prisoner in his Custody, from which he shall not be discharged without a lawful Supersedeas or Rule of Court: And if the said Warden shall do otherwise, he shall be responsible

to the Court, and to the Party grieved, for Damages, by Action upon the Case to be brought against him for discharging such Prisoner.

z7 Geo. 2. c. 3. & 17 & 3z Geo. 2. C zs.

VI. And whereas very many Suits commenced by Original Writs have been protradled and long de laid from Judgement and Execution, by reason of theneceffity of having fifteen Days at the least between the Days of the Tejle and the Days of Return of Writs now used in personal Actions, and also in

Actions of Ejefiione firmer, for Lands and Tenements (2) For Remedy thereof, and for the more easy expediting Trials, and the better and more speedy executing of Judgments for the Time to come,

(3) be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions ot Debt, and all other personal Actions whatsoever, and also in all Actions of Ejeftione firmer for Lands or Tenements now depending, or which at any Time hereafter shall be depending, by Original Writ, in either of his Majesty's Courts aforesaid, after any Issue therein joined to be tried by a Jury, and also after any Judgement had or obtained, or to be had or obtained, in either of the Courts aforesaid, in any such Action as aforesaid, there shall not need to be fifteen Days between the Tfie Day and the Day of Return of any Writ or Writs of Venire facias. Habeas corpora Juratorum, or Dislringas Juratores, Writs of Fieri facias, or Writs of Capias adfatis faciendum; (4) And that the want of fifteen Days between the Tejle Day and the Day of Return of any such Writ, shall not be, nor shall be assigned, taken or adjudged to be, any Matter or Cause of Error; any Law, Custom, Statute, Course or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Writ of Capias adjatisfaciendum whereon a Writ of Exigent after Judgement is to be awarded, nor to Capias ad satisfaciendum against the Defendant in order to make any Bail liable, but that the same continue and be as if this Act had never been mae'e.

VIII. And whereas by an at of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign £ Lord King fames of blessed Memory, a very good Law was made for avoiding unnecessary Delays of Execution, whereby it is enabled, That no Execution shall be stayed or delayed upon or by any Writ of Error or Supersedeas thereupon to be sued for the Reversing of any Judgement to be given in any Action or Bill of Debt, upon any single Bond for Debt, or upon any Obligation with Condition for Payment of Money only, or upon any action or Bill of Debt for Rent, or upon any Contract sued in any of his Highness Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Counties Palatine of celer, Ltincajier or

Durham, or in his Highness Courts of Great Sessions in any of the twelve Shires of Wales, unless such Person or Persons, in whose Name or Names such Writ of Error shall be brought, with two sufficient Sureties, such as the Court wherein such Judgement is or shall be given, shall allow of, shall first before such Stay made, or Supersedeas to be awarded, be bound to the Party for whom any such Judgement was or should be given, by Recognisance to be acknowledged in the lame Court in double the Sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former Judgement, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect, and also to satisfy and pay (if the said Judgement shall be affirmed) all and singular the Debts, Damages and Costs adjudged or to be adjudged upon the former Judgement, and all Costs and Damages to be also awarded for the same delaying ot Execution; which Law hath been found by Experience to be very good and

A.D. 1661. Anno decimo tertio Caroli II C 3, 4. 2x7

' beneficial to the Commonwealth: (z) And forasmuch as diverse other Cases within the same Mischief, sj*c. ic. 3. C by Delays and Staying of Execution by Writs of Error, and Supersedeas thereupon, are not provided for by the said Statute: 'For further Remedy against Delays and Stayings of Executions in the several Actions hereafter specified,

IX. Be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth inwhataftiont Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand LIX hundred frxty and one, no Execution shall be Execution may frayed in any of the Courts aforesaid, by any Writ or Writs of Error or superj edeas thereupon, after any writ oferror) Verdictt and Judgement thereupon obtained, in any Action of Debt grounded upon the Statute made in the by this statute, second Year of the Reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, for not setting forth of Tithes, nor in any i &3ed, 6. Afrion upon the Case upon any Promise for Payment of Money, Actions fur Trover, Actions of Cove C. 3'

nant, Detinue and Trespass, unless such Recognisance, and in inch Manner, as by the said recited former 1 ev, L

Act is directed, shall be first acknowledged in the said Court where such Judgement is given.

X. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons after the said Day The Defendant shall sue or prosecute any Writ or Writs of Error, for Reversal of any Judgement whatsoever given after tjbave

any Verdict in any of the Courts aforesaid, and the said Judgement shall afterwards be affirmed, then his Execution every such Person or Persons shall pay unto the Defendant or Defendants in the said Writ or Writs of by wmofer error, his or their double Costs, to be assessed by the Court where such Writ of Error shall be depending, rn for the Delaying of Execution.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Popular Ac

Action Popular, nor unto any other Action which is or hereafter shall be brought upon any penal Law !(0i7nin.1lj'cri or Statute (except Debt for not setting out Tithes as aforesaid) nor to any Indictment, Presentment, In laments, e. quisition, Information or Appeal: anything herein before expressed to the contrary thereof not with not within thi* standing. statute.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting unto the King's Majesty twelve hundred and threescore thousand Pounds, to be assessed and levied by an Assessment of threescore and ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for eighteen Months.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable the King's Majesty to make Leases, Grants and Copies of Offices, Lands, Tenements EXPAND Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for Coniir £ac'c mation of Leases and Grants already made. i5car!y. e, i3.'

ACTS made in the Parliament begun and held the eighth of May, Anno Raym. 191. decimo tertio Caroli secundi Regis: And continued to the nineteenth of May, decimo quarto Caroli Regis j and thence prorogued to the eighteenth of February then next following.

CAP. I.

An Act for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers and others, refusing to take lawful Oaths.

WHEREAS of late Times certain Persons under the Names of Quakers, and other Names of Southeast Quakers and Southeast paration, have taken up and maintained sundry dangerous Opinions and Tenents, and a paratiils. deny amongst others) that the Taking of an Oath in any case whatsoever, although before a lawful Magistrate, of, h°take an is altogether unlawful and contrary to the Word of God; and the said Persons do daily refuse to take an a

' Oath, though lawfully tendred, whereby it often happens that the Truth is wholly suppressed, and the Administration of Justice much obstructed: whereas the said Persons, under a Pretence of Religious Worship, do often assemble themselves in great Numbers in several Parts of this Realm, to the great Endangering of the public Peace and Safety, and to the Terror of the People, by maintaining a secret and strict Correspondence amongst themselves, and in the mean Time separating and dividing themselves from the Rest of his Majesty's good and loyal Subjects, and from the public Congregations and ' usual Places of Divine Worship: '

For the Redressing the refore, and better preventing the many Mischiefs and Dangers that do and may arise by such dangerous Tenents and such unlawful Assemblies, (2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled in Parliament, and by Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, who maintain that the Taking of an Oath in any case whatsoever, (although before a lawful Magistrate) is altogether The Penalty so» unlawful, and contrary to the Word of God, from and after the four and twentieth Day of March in refuting to tyke this present Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and one, shall wilfully and obstinately refuse a aw 11 0, 11'to take an Oath, whereby the Laws of the Realm he or she is or shall be bound to take the same, being Vol. III F f lawfully

2l8

The second Offence,

The third Offence.

L feb, 825.

Who may hear and determine the Offences within this Act.

How Persons submitting may be d.scharged Penalties.

Lords of the Parliament.

See the Toleration for sesuakers, llf'.&m. C 18;

EXP.

22 Car. 3. C jj.

fefl 5.

2 WM.

Stat. 2. C 8, z&9tv.i. C 17.

C 2. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

lawfully and duly tendred (3) 'or shall endeavour to persuade any other Person to whom any such Oath shall in like Manner be duly and lawfully tendred, to refuse and forbear the Taking of the same; (4) or shall by Printing, Writing or otherwise, go about to maintain and defend that the Taking of an Oath in any case whatsoever, is altogether unlawful: (5) And if the said Persons commonly called Quakers, shall at any Time after the said four and twentieth Day of March depart from the Places of their several Habitations, and assemble themselves to the Number of five or more, of the Age of sixteen Years or upwards, at any one Time, in any Place, under Pretence of joining in a Religious Worship, not authorised by the Laws of this Realm; (-6) that then in all and every such Cases, the Party so offending being thereof lawfully convict by Verdict of twelve Men, or by his own Confession, or by the notorious Evidence of the Fact, shall lose and forfeit to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for the fird Offence, such Sum as shall be imposed upon him or her, not exceeding five Pounds; (7) and ifany Person or Persons, being once convicted of any such Offence, shall again offend therein, and shall in Form aforesaid be thereof lawfully convicted, shall for the second Offence forfeit to the King our sovereign Lord, his Heirs and Successors, such Sum as shall be imposed upon him or her, not exceeding ten Pounds: (8) The said respective Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Parties Goods so convicted, by Warrant of the Parties before whom they shall be so convicted, rendering the Overplus to the Owners, if any be; (9) and for Want of such Distress or Nonpayment of the said Penalty within one Week after such Conviction, that then the said Parties so convicted shall for the first Offence be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Space of three Months; and for the second Offence, during six Months, without Bail or Mainprise, there to be kept at hard Labour; (10) which said Moneys so to be levied, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by those before whom they shall be convicted, to be employed for the Increase of the Stock of the House of Correction to which they shall be committed, and providing Materials to set them on Work: (n) And if any Person after he, in Form aforesaid, hath been twice convict of any of the said Offences, shall offend the third Time, and be thereof, in Form aforesaid, lawfully convict, that then every Person so offending and convict shall for his or her third Offence abjure the Realm; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give Order, and to cause him, her or them to be transported in any Ship or Ships, to any of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas.

III. And it is ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of Assize and gaol delivery, and the Justices of the Peace, shall have full Power and Authority in every of their open and General Sessions, to inquire, hear and determine all and every the said Offences within the Limits of their Commission to them directed, and to make Process for the Execution of the same, as they may do against any Person being indicted before them of Trespass, lawfully convicted thereof.

IV. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of Peace, Mayor, or other Chief officer of any Corporation, within their several Jurisdictions, to "commit to the common Gaol, or bind over with sufficient Sureties to the c^uarter sessions, any Person or Persons offending in the Premises, in order to his or their Conviction aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That if any of the said Persons shall after such Conviction as aforesaid, take such Oath or Oaths, for which he or she stands committed, and also give Security, that he or she shall for the Time to come forbear to meet in any such unlawful Assembly as aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth, such Person and Persons shall be discharged from all the Penalties aforesaid; any Thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular Lords of the Parliament, for every third Offence committed against the Tenor of this act, shall be tried by their Peers, and not otherwise.

and farther Provisions concerning them, 7 & S IV 3. c. 34. 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. C 6, 8 Geo. 1. V 6, 12 Geo. ' 2. C 13. and 22'Geo. 2. C 46*

CAP. II.

An act for Repairing the Highways and Sewers, and for Paving and keeping clean of the Streets in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and for reforming of Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets of, and Places adjacent to, the said Cities; and for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney coaches '; and for the Enlarging of several strait and inconvenient Streets and Passages. Commissioners to be named by his Majesty under the Great Seal for Surveying and Cleansing the Streets and Highways. Encroachments that have continued thirty Years, not to be removed but upon satisfaction to the Parties. The Barons of the Exchequer to judge of the satisfaction, if refused upon Tender. Conviction for Encroachments upon View, and the Penalty. No Hackney coaches to be without Licence, e; Hutt. 99. Who may be licensed to keep Plackney coaches. Hackney Coaches not to exceed 400 in Number. The several Rates allowed for Hackney coaches. The Penalty for exacling more. All 1 Streets and Lanes to be cleansed every Week. None to cast any Allies, or Dust before their Houses. < No Barrels, Timber, Coaches or other Things to be fetor amended in the Streets. The Duty of the Scavengers and Rakers weekly. All open Streets to be paved and so kept by the several Householders. Proviso for the Borough of Southwark. Candles or Lights to be hung out every Night from Michaelmas to ladyday. Rates and Taxes to be made for defraying the Charges and Wages of Scavengers and others. The Lord Mayor of London and others, Commissioners, may treat with Persons concerned, for their Interests in Houses obstruaing Passage. To have Continuance till next Parliament. See 2 Will. & Mar. Stat. 2, C 8.

C 3. 219

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio Sc quarto Caroli II

CAP. III.

An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Ii'orasmuch as within all his Majesty's Realms and Dominions, the sole and supreme Power, Go - 4 r; pm.

1 vernment, Command and Disposition of the Militia, and of all Forces by Sea and Land, and of r. 3. all Sorts and Places of Strength is, and by the Laws of England ever was, the undoubted Right of his t1, e fo1^ a['d r "*

Majesty, and his Royal Predecessors, Kings and Queens of England, (2) and that both or either of the antcom°mand Houses of Parliament cannot nor ought to pretend to the same; nor can nor lawfully may raise or levy of the Militia in any War offensive or defensive against his Majesty, his Heirs or lawful successors; and yet the contrary D k'ggshmia'

' thereof hath of late Years been practised, almost to the Ruin and Destruction of this Kingdom; and and successors! C during the late usurped Governments, many evil and rebellious Principles have been instilled into the 13 Car. stat.

' Minds of the People of this Kingdom, which may break forth, unless prevented, to the Disturbance ofc 6*the Peace and Quiet thereof II Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice kismajsfiymay and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by issue oiv com the Authority of the same, That the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall and "enanc5fo such " may from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, issue forth several Commissions of Lieutenancy to p^so^s a" hi such Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, shall think fit to be his Majesty's Lieutenants for than think fit the several and respective Counties, Cities and Places of England and Dominion of Wales, and Town f coumiesv'ci* Berwick upon Tweed; (2) which Lieutenants shall have full Power and Authority to call together all such ties," Persons at such Times, and to arm and array them in such Manner, as is hereafter expressed and declared. The Power of and to form them into Companies, Troops and Regiments, and in Case of Insurrection, Rebellion or n*1aent5ldlleute' Invasion, them to lead, conduit and employ, or cause to be led, conduced and employed, as well within' Explained by the said several Counties, Cities and Places for which they shall be Commissioned respectively, as also into 15 Car. a. C 4. any other the Counties and Places aforesaid, for suppressing of all such Insurrections and Rebellions, and repelling of Invasions, as may happen to be, according as they shall from Time to Time receive Directions from his Majesty, his Heirs and successors; (3) and that the said respective Lieutenants shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to constitute, appoint and give Commissions to such Persons as they shall think fit to be Colonels, Majors, Captains and other Commission officers, of the said Persons fotobe armed, arrayed and weaponed, and topresentto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, the Names of such Person and persons as they shall think fit to be Deputy lieutenants, and upon his Majesty's Ap TIE deputy probation of them shall give them Deputations accordingly; (4) always understood, That his Majesty, beamed to his Heirs and successors nave Power and Authority to direct and order otherwise, and accordingly at his and approved of and their Pleasure may appoint and commissionate or displace such Officers; anything in this Act to the by his Majesty. contrary notwithstanding(; (;,) that the said Lieutenants respectively, and in their Absence out of the thep0werof Precincts and Limits of their respective Lieutenancies, or otherwise by their Directions, the said Deputy the Deputy Lieutenants, during their said respective Deputations, or any two or more of them, shall have Power from Lieutenants. Time to Time to train, exercise and put in Readiness, and also to lead and conduct the Persons so to be armed, arrayed and weaponed, by the Directions, and to the Intents and Purposes as is hereafter expressed and declared.

III. And for the providing Horse and Arms and Furniture thereunto belonging, for the Arming and The Manner of Weaponing the Persons aforesaid, and also for the Defraying and Paying the necessary Charges thereunto charging and belonging in Manner as hereafter followeth; (2) Be it further enacted, That the said respective Lieute, ndarnw, C nants within the several Counties, Cities and Places, for which they are nominated respectively, and their. -1

Deputies, or the major Part of such Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants then present, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant or Lieutenants, the major Part of the Deputy lieutenants then present, which major Part shall be three at the least, have hereby full Power and Authority to charge any Person with Horse, horseman and Arms, or with Foot soldier and Arms, in the same County, Shire, City, Borough or Town Corporate where his, her or their Estates Jie, having respect unto and not exceeding the Limitations and Proportions hereafter mentioned; (that is to) (3) No Person shall be charged with finding a Horse, horse man and Arms, unless such Person or Persons have a Revenue of five hundred Pounds by the Year in possession, or have an Estate of fixthousand Pounds in Goods or Money, besides thefurniture of his or their Houses, and so proportionably for a greater Estate in Lands in Possession, or Goods, as the respective Lieutenants and their Deputies as aforesaid, in their Discretions shall see Cause and think reasonable; (4) and they are not to charge any Person with finding a Foot soldier and Arms, that hath not a yearly Re*of fifty Pounds in Possession, or a personal Estate of six hundred Pounds in Goods or Moneys, (other than the Stock upon the Ground) and after the aforesaid Rate proportionably for a greater or lelfer Revenue or Estate: Nor shall they charge any Person with the finding both of Horse and Foot in the same County.

IV. Provided, That no Person chargeable by this Act, to find an Horse and Horseman with Anns or to n0 Person be contributory towards finding an Horse and Horseman with Arms, shall for the same Estate be chargeable charged with or towards finding a Foot soldier with Arms or contributory thereunto 1(2) And it shall be lawful to and for the hon^may be respective Lieutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them as aforesaid, to impose the finding and charged alto to providing of Horse, Horseman and Arms as aforesaid, by joining two of three or more Persons together in wards foot the Charge, as to their Judgement shall appear most conducible to the Service of this kingdom. Arms.

V. Provided, That no Person that hath not one hundred Pounds per Annum in Possession, in Lands, What Persons Tenements or Hereditaments, Leasehold or Copyhold, or twelve hundred Pounds peffonal Estate, shall and sta: e oni> becompellable to contribute in finding any Horse and Horseman with Arms: (2) And the said respective wai^fimlirg Lieutenants and Deputies, or any three or more of them, shall have Power to hear Complaints, and Hoi so anns?

Lieutenants and Deputies may hear and determine Matters

Allowance of 2 s. per diem for a Hori eman, and i s. for a Foot soldier.

Rates to le made for fur nidiing Ammunition.

LI Car. I. C 29.

Invasion, infur rechon, Rebellion.

See 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 1. C 14.

Provision by his Majesty.

None having advanced a month's Pay shall be charged again until he be re imbursed the same.

How to charge Carts and horses for carrying pro viftons, and their Allowance per Mile.

Soldiers that do not their Duties, how punished.

The Penalties upon Persons charged or taxed, refuting vr neglecting.

irabezilling of Arms, Horse or Furniture, how punished.

C 3. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

examine Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath they have hereby Power to administer) and to give Redress according to the Merits of the Cause in Matters relating to the Execution of this Act. relating to this Act.

VI. Be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them', in their several Counties and Places respectively, shall require and diretsh all Persons so charged as aforesaid, with Horse, Horsemen and Arms, to allow two Shillings by the Day to the Troopers that serve with their Horse and Arms, for the Maintenance of the Man and Horse, and twelve Pence a Day for the Foot soldiers, (if they serve not in their own Persons) for so many Days as they shall be sent from their Dwellings and Callings, by Occasion of Muster or Exercise.

VII. And for furnilliing Ammunition and other necessaries, the said respective Lieutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them, shall have Power to lay sitting Rates upon the respective Counties and Places, not exceeding in the Whole in any one Year the Proportion of a fourth Part of one month's af feffment in each County, after the Rate of seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, now or late charged by an Act, intituled, An Act for the Raifng of seventy thousand Pounds for the further Supply of his Majesty

(z) Which Moneys are to be assessed, collected and paid by such Persons and according to such Directions as shall be given from Time to Time by the said respective Lieutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them, under the like Penalties, and by the like Ways and Means, as are prescribed in the said Act for the seventy thousand Pounds by the Month; (3) and in Case of Invasions, Insurrections or Rebellions, whereby Occasion shall be to draw out such Soldiers into actual Service, the Persons so charged as aforesaid, shall provide each their Soldier respectively with Pay in Hand, not exceeding one month's Pay, as shall be in that Behalf directed by the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence as aforesaid, or otherwise by their Directions by their Deputies or any two or more of them: (4) For Repayment of which said Moneys, and for Satisfaction of the Officers for their Pay during such Time, not exceeding one Month as aforesaid, as they shall be with their Soldiers in such said actual Service, It is hereby declared, That Provision shall be made for the same by his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, out of his or their public Treasury or Revenue: (5) Nevertheless, it is hereby further provided and enacted, That in Case a month's Pay shall be provided and advanced as aforesaid, That no Person who shall have advanced his Proportion thereof, shall be charged with any other like month's Payment, until he or they shall have been reimbursed the said month's Pay, and so from Time to Time the month's Pay by him or them last before provided and advanced as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Lieutenants and their Deputies, or the Chief Officers upon the Place in the respective Counties and Places as aforesaid, may charge Carts, Wagons, Wains and Horses for the carrying of Powder, Match, Bullet and other Materials, allowing sixpence a Mile outward only, to every such Cart, Wagon and Wain with five Horses or six Oxen, and so proportionably; (z) and for every Horse employed out of Wagon or Cart for the Uses aforesaid one Penny, so taken upon the Marching of any Regiment, Company or Troop, upon Occasion of Invasion, Insurrection or Rebellion; (3) and that the said Lieutenants or Deputies, or the Chief Officers upon the Place, shall and may imprison Mutineers and such Soldiers as do not their Duties as Soldiers at the Day of their Musters and Training; and shall and may inflict for Punishment for every such Offence, any pecuniary Muldt not exceeding five Shillings, or the Penalty of Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprise, not exceeding twenty Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, If any Person or Persons so to be assessed or charged by the said Lieutenants and Deputies, or any three or more of them respectively, shall refuse or neglect by a reasonable Time to be appointed, to provide and furnish such sufficient Horse and Horseman, Horses and Horsemen, Arms and other Furniture, or to pay such Sum or Sums of Money towards the Providing and Furnishing as aforesaid; That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Lieutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them, for every such Offence, from Time to Time to inflict a Penalty upon such Persons not exceeding twenty Pounds, (z) And also by W arrant under their or any three or more of their Hands and Seals, to levy such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Value of such Horse or Horses, Arms and Furniture, and such Penalty inflicted, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person or Persons so neg jedting or refilling, rendering the Overplus to the Party so distrained, all necessary Charge in levying there of being first deducted; (3) and it is declared, That the same be employed to the same Uses in Default whereof the same was imposed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so to be armed, arrayed and weaponed, shall detain orimbezil his Horse, Arms or Furniture wherewith he ought to serve or is entrusted; that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence as aforesaid, or otherwise by their Directions, to and for their Deputies, or any two or more of them, to imprison such. and Persons till he or they have made Satisfaction for the Horse, Arms, or other Furniture so by / him detained or imbezilled; (2) and also, That if any Person so to be armed, horsed or weaponed as aforesaid, shall not appearand serve, completely furnished with Horse and Arms, and other Furniture wherewith he is entrusted, at the Beat of Drum, Sound of Trumpet, or other Summons; that then, and so 1 often, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence as aforesaid, or otherwise by their Directions, to and for their Deputies, or any two or more of them, if the Default be in the Person or Persons so entrusted, to imprison such Person or Persons for the Space of five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, or to inflict the Penalty, if a Horseman, not exceeding twenty Shillings, and if a Footman, not exceeding ten Shillings, to be paid down without Delay or Forbearance: (3) And if any Person or Persons so assessed or charged as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to send in, or deliver his Horse, Arms, or other Furniture, upon such Summons, or other Notice as aforesaid; that then, and so often, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Lieutenants and their Deputies, or any three or more of them, to.infudt a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person

or

221

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 3.

or Persons so refilling as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus to the Party distrained, necessary Charges for Levying being first deducted.

XI. And for the better Discovefy of the Ability of the Persons so to be afieffed and charged, and of all Misdemeanours tending to the Hindrance of the Service aforesaid, the said respective Lieutenants, and howtov dir.: heir Deputies, or any three or more of them, are hereby enabled to examine upon Oath such Person or covered. Persons as they shall judge necessary or convenient, or shall be produced by the Party charged or accused,

ather than the Persons themselves so to be assessed and accused.

XII. And for the better and more speedy Execution of the Premises, Be it further enacted, That the Treasurer and' said respective Lieutenants shall be and are hereby required to appoint one or more Treasurer or trea clerks for re furers, Clerk or Clerks, for receiving and paying such Moneys as shall be levied by Virtue hereof; of all ceivirgandpjy which Receipts and Disbursements thereof, the said Treasurer, Clerk and Clerks, are every six Months ihfs Act to give their Accounts in Writing, and upon Oath, to the said Lieutenants and their Deputies, or any

three or more of them, which Oath they have hereby Power to administer: (2) And the said Account so to be taken, shall be forthwith certified to thelords of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, and a Duplicate thereof shall be certified to the Justices of Peace at the next General Quarter sessions.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy lieutenants shall observe and obey such Orders and

Directions as they shall from Time to Time receive from the respective Lieutenants, for the putting in Execution the Powers given by this act.'.

XIV. And for the better securing the Peace of the Kingdom, Be it further enacted and ordained, and who (halt be the said respective Lieutenants, or any two or more of their Deputies, are hereby enabled and authorised appointed to from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to employ such Person or Persons as they Amsto shall think fit (of which a commissioned Officer, and the Constable or his Deputy, or the Tithingman, the Houses of or in the Absence of the Constable and his Deputy and Tithingman, some other Person bearing Office dangerous per within the Parish where the Search shall be, 'shall betwo) to search for and seize all Arms in the Custody ton'*

or possession of any Person or Persons whom the said Lieutenants, or any two or more of their Deputies, shall judge dangerous to the Peace of the Kingdom, and to' secure such Arms for the Service aforesaid, and thereof from Time to Time to give Accounts to the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence as aforesaid, or otherwise by their Directions, to their Deputies, or any two or more of them; (2) Provided that no such Search be made in any House or Houses between sun setting and sun rising, other than in Cities and their Suburbs, and Towns Corporate, 'market towns and Houses within the Bills of Mortality, where it shall and may be lawful to search in the nighttime by Warrant as aforesaid, if the Warrant shall so direct, and in Case of Resistance to enter by Force: (3) And that no dwelling house of any Peer of this Realm be searched by Virtue of this act, but by immediate Warrant from his Majesty, underlie Sign Manual, or in the Presence of the Lieutenant, or one of the Deputy lieutenants of the same County or Riding: (4) And that in all Places and Houses whatsoever where Search is to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, in Case of Resistance, to enter by Force; (5) and that the Arms so seized may be restored to the Owners again, If the said Lieutenants, or in their Absence as aforesaid, their Deputies, or any two or more of them, shall so think fit.

XV. And be it enacted, That all hfh Constables, Petty Constables, and other Officers and Ministers AUH; ghcon_ within the said Counties, Cities, Parishes and Places aforesaid, be and are hereby required to be aiding (tables and offi and assisting to the said respective Lieutenants and their Deputies, or any of them, in Execution of thecers to be ain Premises: And that all and every Person and Persons who shall act or do anything in execution ive thereof, shall be hereby saved harmless and indemnified: And also, that all and every Person and Persons.

have heretofore acted or done anything in Execution of any Commission or Commissions of Lieutenancy issued by the King's Majesty that now is, or by Colour of them or any of them, or touching or concerning the same or any of them, or relating thereunto, since the seventh Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and one, until the twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundered sixty and two, shall' be and are hereby saved harmless and indemnified in that Behalf.

XVI. And be it further enacted and ordained, That where any Person or Persons shall be charged by How Persons are Virtue of this act to find a Horse and Horseman, Horses and Horsemen and Arms, or foot soldier and to be charged re arms, in such County, City or Place, where he or they do not reside or inhabit; that then and in such filing in one Cases, the respective Lieutenants and Deputies, or any three or more of them, shall send Notice of every vin^landsin3* such Charge, if such Person have any Land in his own Occupation, to such Personas he doth employ as another,

his Servant in managing the same; (z) and in Case all his Lands or other Estate be demised, and to farm let, then to one or two of the most sufficient Tenant or Tenants, who shall have the same in their Occupation, who are hereby required forthwith with all convenient Speed to convey the same to their Mailer or Landlord respectively, and within such Time as shall be appointed in that Behalf, bring an Account of their Mailer or landlord's Answer to the respective Lieutenants and Deputies, or any three or more of them: (3) And upon neglect or Refusal of the Landlord, to provide such Horse and horseman, Horses and Horsemen and Arms, or foot soldier and Arms, as is duly charged upon him, according to the Rates mentioned in this act, for the yearly Rent referred upon every Demise or other Grant, and not otherwise, within the Time limited for that Purpose that then the said Tenant or Tenants shall provide and do as the Landlord in that Behalf ought to have done: (4) And if the said te vid"mnh°fot°' nant or Tenants shall refuse or neglect to provide such Horse and Horsemen, Horses and Horsemen and their mndio.dj. Arms, or foot soldier and Arms, as are charged upon his and their Landlords, within the Time limited; that then and upon every such Default, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence as aforesaid, or otherwise by their Directions, to and for their Deputies, or any two or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy all such Penalties as are appointed by this act, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering the overplus to the Party distrained.

222

C

A'

Peers not to act as Lieutenants or Deputies before they take

7 W. & M. sefb i. C 8.

". Persons under the Degree of a Peer to take the Oitfr of all giince, C and this Oath.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto' Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

And to defalk

XVII. And it is hereby ordained and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said te of their mext°u* naut or Tenants, to defalk out of such Rent as shall be next due to his or their Landlord, all such Moment. ney as the said Tenant or Tenants dial) necessarily lay out or expend in providing such Horse and Horse

than,; Horses and Horsemen and Arms, or foot soldier and Arms, as are charged upon his or their Land or shall pay or be levied upon him or them by Distress for any Default, in Manner as aforesaid;

any Condition, Reservation, Covenant or Contrail for the Payment of his or their Rent, to the con tha Tenants in trary in any wise notwithstanding: (2) And for so doing, the said Tenant or Tenants, shall be. indemni d(rtrg fie<ir0rf0 y Authority of this Act, unless the Landlord or Landlords shall make it appear within two Months after such Levying such Penalties before the respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence as aforesaid, or otherwise by their Directions before their Deputies, or any two or more of them, that the Default and t Penalty was occasioned by the wilful Neglect of the said Tenant or Tenants.

XVIII. Provided also, That no Person being a, Peer of this Realm, hall be capable of acting or serve ing as Lieutenant or Deputy lieutenant, by Virtue of this Act, unless he or they shall first before six of the Lords of his Majesty's privy-council, for the Time being, or such other Persons as shall be au

the: Oath of At thorized. by His Majesty to administer the same, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also afs^tms ckstii this Oath following: ' I A.B. do declare and believe. That it is not lawful upon any Pretence what abolishedby foeyer to.take.arms against the king: and that I do abhor that traitorous Position, That Arms may be taken by his Authority against his Person, or against those that are commissioned by him in Pursuance of such military.commissions: so help me God Which Oaths they have hereby Power to administer.

XIX. And that.no Person' being under the Degree of a Peer of this Realm, shall be capable.of ailing

as Lieutenant, 'deputy lieutenant, Officer or Soldier, by Virtue of this Act, unless he or they shall first take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and this Oath following: ' I A.B. do declare and be here, 'that.itis.not lawful upon any Pretence whatsoever to take Arms against the King; and that I ' do abhor that traitorous Position, That Arms may he taken by his Authority against his Person; or against those that are commissioned by him inpurluance of such military Commissions: So help me? God'(2) Which Oaths, 'anyone Jufliqe of Peace of the respective Counties and Places aforesaidis enabled to administer, to such respective Lieutenant as is not a Peer of this Realm; and the said Lieutenant, or: any one Justice of Peace of the respective Counties and Places aforesaid, is enabled to administer to the respective Deputy lieutenants', not being Peers; and the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence as aforesaid, or otherwise by their Directions when they are not absent, their Deputies, or any two of them, shall and are hereby enabled to administer the said Oaths to the said Officers and Soldiers. ', L

The Trained

XX. And to the End there may be some convenient Time to put in Execution the powers of this Act, Bands to conti and preparing an Establishment according to the same, Be it hereby enacted, That the trained Bands ofimarch<i66th; m Forces now aitually raised, and in Being, shall so continue in each respective City and County of and no longer!' England and Wales, until the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand fixhundred sixty and three, and no longer, unless an Establishment according to this Act be no sooner had; anything in this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That the ordinary Times for Training, Exercising and Muttering the Forces to be raised by ..Virtue ..of, this Act, shall be these following, (that is to say) the General Muster and Exercise of Regiments, not above once a Year; the Training and Exercising of ftngle Companies, not above four Times a Year, unless special Directions be given by his Majesty, or his privy-council; (2) and that such Angle Companies and Troops shall not at any one Time be continued in Exercise above the Space of two Days; (3) and that at a General Muster and Exercise of Regiments no Officer or Soldier shall be' constrained. to stay for above four Days, together from their respective Habitations; (4) and that at every such Muster and Exercise, every Mufqueteer final] bring with him half a Pound of Powder, at the Charge of such Person or Persons as provide the said foot soldier and Arms; and every Horseman is to bring with him a Quarter of a Pound of Powder, at the Charge wb»t Arms and f such Person or Persons a s provide the said Horse, Horsemen and Arms; (5) and the Arms offensive Provision every and defensive, with the Furniture for Horse, are to be as followeth; the defendve Arms, a Back, Bread sojid er flnii and Pot, and the Breast and Pot to be pistol proof; the offensive Arms, a Sword and a Case of Pistols,

1 gdo. r. stat. the Barrels whereof are not to be under fourteen Inches in Length; the Furniture for die Horse to be a great Saddle or Padd with Burrs and Straps to affix the Holders unto, a Bit and Bridle with a Pectoral and Crupper: (6) For the Foot, a Mufqueteer is to have a Musquet, the Barrel whereof is not to be under three Foot in Length, and the Gauge of the Bore to be for twelve Bullets to the Pound, a Collar of Bandeleers, with a Sword: (7) Provided that all Muster masters shall for the present admit and allow of any Musquets already made, which will bear a Bullet of fourteen to the Pound; but 110 Musquets which henceforth shall be made are to be allowed of, but such as are of the Gauge of twelve Bullets to eg the Pound: (8) A Pikeman is to be armed with a Pike made of Ash - under sixteen Foot in Length, (the Head and Foot included) with a Back, Breast, headpiece and Sword: (9) Provided that all Muf - J ter masters shall for the present admit and allow of any Pikes already made that are not under fifteen Foot in Length; but no Pikes which shall be hereafter made are to be allowed of, that are under sixteen 1 Foot in Length.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Militia of the Istand of Purbeck shall remain separate from the County of Dorset, as heretofore hath been used; that his Majesty's Lieutenant of the said Istand, and his Deputies, or any three or more of them for the Time being, shall have Power for the Levying, Arraying, Mustering and Conduiting of such Number of Foot for the Defence of the said Istand, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means', as heretofore hath been used; - also to use and execute witlfin the said Istand all and every the Powers, which by the

8 true

The Times appointed for Training and Mustering,

See 1^Gar, C 4. §. 7.

CI §. 5. '

a Geo. X C 3. \ 7

The Militia of the I lie of Pur btek.

A.D. 1662. Anno deriino tertio & quarto Carol! II C

3* 223

true latent of this Act any of, his Majesty's Lieutenants, or Ills or their Deputies, or any of them, might in any respective County life or execute.

xxiii. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case of apparent Power to his. Danger to theptefent Government, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty at any Time or Times m3ieftrt0

in the Year One thousand six hundred sixty and two, to raise such Sum or Sums of Money for the De three Years fraying of the Whole, or such Part of the Militia aforesaid, as his Majesty shall find himself obliged to "p^np0ccasion» employ, in order to the Quiet and Security of this Nation, the said Sum not exceeding seventy thousand Pounds in one whole Year; (z) and the same to be raised by' his Majesty's Lieutenants, or in their Abr |waj/*1 fence as aforesaid, by their Deputies in their respective Counties, according to the Rules and Directions Mat s' C in an Act in this present Parliament, for the Raifmgof eighteen Months Assessment. after: the Rate of seventy thousand Pounds per menfem:, as also to continue the Space of three Years from the aforesaid five and twentieth Day of June, and no longer; anything in this Act, or any other, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Be it also enacted, That all Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officer or Officers, who, since Sach as have the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and sixty, have paid or disbursed, or be provld'^spar'^ fore the Settlement of the Militia to be established by Virtue of this Act shall pay or disburse, any Mo 24th of Jure ° nies for buying of Arms, nr defraying of Charges of Soldiers, Let or to be set upon their respective Pa 1660. how to rifles, shall be reimbursed the same by those who have refused to pay their Proportions thereof; (z) and b^mmbiirfed, in Case he or they shall refuse to pay the same, then to be levied by Distress 'and Sale of Goods, rendering

the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or in his or their Absence, or other wise by their Direction when they are, not absent, of any two of their Deputies, directed to the respective Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officer or Officers aforesaid, of their respective Parishes.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, and declared, That no Person charged with No Min charged the finding of Horse or Foot, or with contributing thereunto, as aforesaid, shall be compellable to serve^jf0dnro in his or their proper Person, but may according to such Proportion as they are of shall.respectively be but may find"' charged by this Act, find one or more fit or sufficient Man orrmeh qualified according to this Act, to be sufficient Man approved by his or their Captain respectively, subject nevertheless ito be altered upon Appeal to the Lieu forhira tenant, or in his Absence, as aforesaid, to his Deputy Lieutenants, or any two of them, as there shall be Cause; and that every such Person or Persons so sound and provided, shall and hereby are required to serve as a Soldier and Soldiers, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are before appointed in this Act; (z) and that every Person or Persons who shall serve in this or their own Persons (who are also to be approved of as aforesaid) or such Person or Persons as shall be accepted in his or their Stead, shall at the next Muster of such Troop or Company in which the or they are to serve, give in his or their Christian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, unto such Personas the Lieutenant, or in his Absence, as aforesaid, or by his.direction when he is not absent, any: two Deputy lieutenants shall appoint, to the End the same may be lifted; (3) and that from thenceforth such Person so lifted cshall not be ex ^pdcren the^ changed, or desert the said Service, or be discharged thereof, but by the Leave and Order of the Lieute semce/or be nant, or two Deputy lieutenants, orliis Captain, upon reasonable cause.(subject nevertheless upon Ap discharged, or peal to be determined as aforesaid) first obtained in writing under his or their Hands and Seals; (j.) un Leavedupon reader Pain that such Person departing. from the said service without Leave as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Enable Cause of twenty Pounds, to be levied upon his Goods and Chattels in such Manner as is by this Act ap The penalty, pointed for the Levying of other Penalties.; and for nonpayment or Want of Distress, then every such Person to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County for any time.not exceeding three Months, without Bail or Mainprise; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to put Proviso for the any new Charge of Arms upon the Tinners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, other than the Tax Tinners of de mentioned in the former Proviso; that the Lord warden of the Stannaries for the Time being, in wair cm Pursuance of his Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he shall commissionate. and.authorize

under him, according to the Rules and Directions before mentioned in this Act, shall and may have and use the like Powers, and Array, assess, Arm, Muster and Exercise the said Tinners within the said Counties, and either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries, observing the Rules and proportions appointed by this Act; anything, in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. that his Majesty's Lieute i'r01vifj nants that are or shall be commissioned for the Militia of the City of London, may and shall continue to ia of Lon" list and levy the Trained Bands and Auxiliaries of the said City, as to Number and Quality of the Persons, in such Manner as was used in forming the present Forces now raised by his Majesty's Commission;

and in regard of the extraordinary Duties, which the Forces of the said City that now are and for -- merly were raised in order to his Majesty's happy Restauration, have of late, and may again be put to, for the Safety of his Majesty's Person, and for suppressing or preventing of Insurrections; That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenants of the said City, by Warrant from his Majesty, to impose and levy yearly in the same, so much Money as they shall - needful, for defraying the Arrears of those first raised for his Majesty's happy Restauration, and the Arrears and necessary Charge of those that now are and shall be raised, with the Ammunition and other incident Expenses of their Militia, in such Manner as the present Assessment is now levied, and not exceeding in any one Year tyre Proportion of one month's Tax, which the said city now pays towards the Tax of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, and shall be accountable for the same, as by this Act is ordained; anything in this Act to the contrary of this Proviso in any wise notwithstanding

224 C. 4. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

Provifr) for the Officers of the Militia of Cities and Towns Corporate,

Covenants between Landlords and Tenants for providing Arms, not to be avoided by this Act.

Iffe of Wight.

Militia of the Tower Division in Middlefejc.

Proviso touching compelling Men to march. put of this king don).

Peers of the Realm, how to be charged.

Farther prciifi ons relating here? to, 15 Car. z. C 10 & II IV 3. C 17.

1 Ann. Stat. z.

?3*

1 Ore, 1, Stat. z.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no Officer or Soldier of the Militia or Trained Bands belonging to any City, Borough or Town Corporate, being a County of itself, or to any other Corporation or Port town, who have used and accustomed to be mustered only within their own Precincts, shall be compellable to appear out of the Precincts or Liberties o f the same City, Borough, Town Corporate and Port town, at any Muster or Exercise only; (2) and every of the said Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate and Port towns, are hereby chargeable to find their usual Number of Soldiers, unless the respective Lieutenants find Cause to lessen the same; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to avoid any co venantor Agreement which hath been or shall be made between any Landlord and Tenant concerning the finding Horses or Arms, or the bearing or paying of any Taxes, Rates for other Charges by any Tenant, either by general or special Covenants, but that the said Taxes, Rates or other Charges, shall be born and paid by all respective Tenants according to the said Covenants and Agreements; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to make any Alteration in the Isle of Wight as to the Militia in that Place, either to raise Horse or Foot within the said Island, in any other Manner than hath been formerly and is now used and practised there.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whereas the Militia of the Tower Division in the County of Middlesex, commonly known by the Name of the Tower Hamlets, are and always have been under the Command of his Majesty's Constable or Lieutenant of the Tower, for the Service and prefer vation of that his Royal Fort; That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Constable or Lieutenant of the Tower for the Time being, to continue to levy the Trained Bands of the said Division or Hamlets of the Tower, in such manner and form as to the Number and Quality of Persons, as was observed in forming the present Forces thereof; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided, That neither this Act, nor any Matter or Thing therein contained, shall be deemed, construed or taken to extend to the Giving or Declaring of any Power for the Transporting of any the Subjects of this Realm, or any way compelling them to march out of this Kingdom, otherwise than by the Laws of England ought to be done.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Peer of this Realm shall be charged with Horse, Horsemen and Arms, or Foot soldiers and Arms, otherwise, or in any other Manner, than is herein after expressed, (that is to say) that his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall and may from Time to Time issue out Commissions under the Great Seal of England, to so many Peers (not fewer than twelve) as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall think fit, who, or any five or more of them, shall have Power from.time to Time to assess all and every, or any the Peers of this Realm, according to the Limitations and Proportions in this Act appointed, for the Finding of Horse,

Horsemen and Arms, or Foot soldiers and Arms, and for other the Purposes in this Act mentioned, (except the monthly Taxes, which are to be levied as is before prescribed in this Act) and shall have Power to put in Execution all and every the Powers and Authorities of this Act, as well for laying assessments, as imposing of Penalties (Imprisonment of the Person of any Peer of this Realm only excepted;,) which Assessment or Charge so made, together with such Penalties as shall be so imposed, (Imprisonment, as aforesaid, only excepted) shall be from Time to Time respectively certified to the respective Lieutenants of each County, to the Intent that the said Charge may be born, and the Penalties (not before excepted) levied, according to the Intent of this Act: (2) And that in Case there shall be any Default in Performance of anything to be done or paid by any Peer by Virtue of this Act, that then it shall be lawful for the respective Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants, or any three of them, to cause Distresses to be taken for the same in any of the Lands of such Defaulter within their said Counties or Limits respectively: And in Case Satisfaction shall not be given within the Space of one Week after such distress taken, then such Distresses to be sold for the Performance of the said Service, and the Charge incident thereunto, and the Overplus (if any be) to be restored to the Owner: (4) And if a Tenant of any Peer of this Realm shall be distrained for such Default as aforesaid, the Tenant so distrained is hereby enabled to deduct the Sum levied out of his next Rent. See 15 Car. 2. C 4. C 14.9 Geo. I. C 8. 7 Geo. 2. c. 23. 30 Geo. z, C 25. 31 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 20. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 2, 22 S' 24.

CAP. IV.

This act enforced by 5 Anns, C 5.

§ n

I Eliz. C 2.

An act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies: And for establishing the Form of Making, Ordaining and confe cracing bishops, Priests and Deacons in the Church of England.

WHEREAS in the first Year of the late Queen Elizabeth, there was one uniform Order of < Common Service and Prayer, and of the Administration of Sacraments, Rites and Ceremonies, ' in the Church C f England, (agreeable to the Word of God, and Usage of the Primitive Church) com piled by the Reverend Bishops and Clergy, set forth in one Book, intituled. The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of Sacramento, and other Rites and Ceremonies in the Church of England, and enjoined to be used by Act of Parliament, held in the said first Year of the said late Queen, intituled,

' An Act for the Uniformity of Common Prayer and Service in the Church, and Administration of the Sacra waits, very comfortable to all good People desirous to live in Christian Conversation, and 1110ft pro fitable to the Estate of this Realm; upon the which the Mercy, Favour and Blessing of Almighty God ' is in no wise so readily and plentifully poured, as by Common Prayers, due using of the Sacraments,

and often, preaching of the Gospel, with Devotion of the Hearers; (2) And yet this notwithstanding,

4 a great Number of People in diverse Parts of this Realm, following their own Sensuality, and, living without Knowledge and due Fear of God, do wilfully and schismatically abstain and refule to come to 8 their.

225

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 4.

their Parish Churches, and other public Places where Common Prayer, Administration of the Sacra meats, and Preaching of the Word of God is used upon the Sundays and other Days ordained and ap '

pointed to be kept and clbferved as holy days: (3) And whereas by the great and scandalous Neeleil of Ministers in uling the said Order or Liturgy lo set forth and enjoined as aforesaid, great mifcniel and Inconveniences, during the Times of the late unhappy Tioubles, have arisen and grown, and many People have been led into Fadtions and Schiitns, to the great Decay and scandal of the Reformed Religion of the Church of England, and to the Hazard of many Souls: (4) For Prevention The kin^nt 4 whereof in lime to come, for settling the Peace of the Church, and for allaying the present diflem clira, '?"i, nd pers which the Indisposition of the Time hath contracted, the King's Majesty, according to his de ^tewln^'ths claration of the five and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred and sixty, granted his coin 'hook oruon million under the Great Seal of England to several Bishops and other Divines, to review the Book m jnalt"'e '

Common Prayer, and to prepare such Alterations and additions as they thought fit to offer: and*"bo 4 afterwards the Convocations of both the Provinces of Canterbury and York being by his Majesty called ed therein,

and assembled, and now sitting, his Majesty hath been pleased to authorise and require the preside/its of the said Convocations, and other the Bilhqps and Clergy of the same, to review the said Book bf "

Common Prayer, and the Book of the Form and Manner of the Making and Consecrating of Bishops,

Priests and Deacons: And that after mature Consideration they Should make such Additions and Alte rations in the said Books respectively, as to them (hold feeiti meet and convenient; and Should ex hibit and present the same to his Majesty in Writing for his further Allowance or Confirmation; ($)

Since which Time, upon full and mature deliberation, they the said Presidents, Bishops and Clergy of both Provinces, have accordingly reviewed the said Bocks, and have made foine Alterations which they think fit to be inserted to the same; and some additional Prayers to the said Book of Commciti Prayer, to be used upon proper and emergent Occasions; have exhibited and presented the same unto his Majesty in Writing, in one Book, intituled, The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church, according to the life of the Church of eng i4 land, together with the Pfalier or Psalms of David, pointed as they are to be fungor said in Churches; and the Form and Manner of Making, Ordaining and Consecrating of Bishops, Priejls and Deacons: (6) All which his Majesty having duly considered, hath fully approved and allowed tlfe same, and recommended to this present Parliament, That the said Books of Common Prayer, and of the Form of Ordination and Consecration of Bishops, Priests and Deacons, with the Alterations and Additions which have been so made and presented to his Majesty by the said Convocations, be the Book which shall be appointed to be used by all that officiate in all Cathedral and Collegiate Churches and Chapels, and in all Chapels of Colleges and Halls in both the Universities, and the Colleges of Eaton and Winchester, and in all Parish Churches and Chapels within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of I Vales, and Town of

I Berwick upon Tweed, and by all that make or Consecrate Bishops, Priests or Deacons, in any of the said Places, under such Sanctions and Penalties as the Houses of Parliament shall think fit.

4 II Now in regard that nothing conduceth more to the Settling of the Peace of this Nation, (which is desired of all good Men) nor to the Honour of our Religion, and the Propagation thereof, than an universal Agreement in the Public Worship of Almighty God and to the Intent that every Person The Peace and within this Realm may certainly know the Rule to which he is to conform in Public Worship, and Ad Honour of re ninistration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, and the Manner v.fn«d" by un?*tow and by whom Bishops, Priests and Deacons are and ought to be made, ordained and consecrated; Agreement 2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by the Advice and with the Consent of theintheplil, lickj ords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the wor(lllllo[go "* Vithority of the same, That all and Angular Ministers in any Cathedral, Collegiate or Parish Church of Hhapel, or other Place of Public Worship within this Realm of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Benvick upon Tweed, shall be bound to say and life the Morning prayer, Evening prayer,

Celebration and Administration of both the Sacraments, and all other the Public and Common prayer,

II. such Order and Form as is mentioned in the said Book annexed and joined to this present Act, and utituled, The Book of Common Prayer and administration of the Sacramentsj and other Rites and Ceremonies The Bcok of

f the Church, according to the Use of the Church of England; together with the Psalter or Psalms of David, s01]?4?0" ?rd3>4r ointed as tl ey are to be fungor said in Churches; and the Form or Manner of Making, Ordaining and Con la 6 u, e'Prating of Hijbops, Priests and Deacons: And that the Morning and Evening Prayers therein contained hall upon every lord's Day, and upon all otlur Days and Occasions and at the Times therein appoint d, be openly and lblemnly read by all and every Minister or Curate, in every Church, Chapel or other 'lace of Public Worship, within this Realm of England and Places aforesaid.

III. And to the End that Uniformity in the Public Worship of God, (which is so much desired) ah Parsons, VI jaay be speedily effected, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Parson, Vicar or c?rsand

(there Minister whatsoever, who now hath and enjoyeth any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion within decivre thefr ao his realm of England or Places aforesaid, shall in the Church, Chape! or Place of Public Worship be tint to ufs' ce urging to his said Benefice or Promotion, upon some lord's Day before the Feast of St. Bartholomewrame* jvhich shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand LIX hundred sixty and two, openly, publicly nd solemnly read the Morning and Evening prayer appointed to be read by and according to the said look of Common Prayer at tyre Times thereby appointed; and after such Reading thereof, shall openly ud publicly before the Congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned Assent and Consent to the Jle of ail Things in the said Book contained and prescribed, In these Y ords and no other

IV. T A.B. do here declare my unfeigned Assent and Consent to all and every Tiling contained and J. prescribed in and by the Book, intituled, The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the

"acraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church, according to the Use of the Church of England 3 \ ol. III G'g -.. together

226 C 4< Anno decimo tertio 6c quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

together with the Psalter or Pfahns of David, pointed as they are to be fungor said in Churches, and the Form or Manner of Making, Ordaining and Consecrating of Bishops, Priefs, and Deacons.

The Penalty for V And that all and every such Person, who shall (without some lawful Impediment to be allowed and aj Geo. 'i. c.ji. approved of by the Ordinary of the Place] neglect or refuse to do the same within the Time aforesaid, (or 3' in case of such Impediment within one Month after such Impediment removed,) shall ipso facto be deprived of all his Spiritual Promotions: (2) And that from thenceforth it shall be lawful to and for all Patrons and Donors of all and singular the said Spiritual Promotions or of any of them, according to their respective Rights and Titles, to present or collate to the same, as though the Person or Persons lo offending or neglecting were dead.

Every p«son

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall hereafter be pre promotedto any Rented or collated, or put into any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion within this Realm of England and Ecciefiartical Be places aforesaid, shall in the Church, Chapel or Place of Public Worship belonging to his said Benefice nefice shall read or Promotion, within two Months next after that he shall be in the actual possession of the said ecclesiasti praye°randn<ie al Benefice or Promotion, upon some lord's Day, openly, publicly and solemnly, read the Morning' dare his Assent and Evening Prayers appointed to be read by and according to the said Book of Common Prayer, at the thereto. Times thereby appointed; and after such Reading thereof shall openly and publicly, before the Congregation

there assembled, declare his unfeigned altent and Consent to the Use of all Things therein cou the Penalty lor tained and prescribed according to the Form before appointed: (2) And that all and every such Person, "show -- e' Y (without some lawful Impediment to be allowed and approved by the Ordinary of the Place) 0, 4.53. neglect or refuse to do the same within the Time aforesaid, or in Case of such impediment within one Month after such Impediment removed) shall (ipso facto) be deprived of all his said Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promotions: (3) And that from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all Patrons and Donors of all and singular the said Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promotions or any of them, according to their respective Rights and Titles, to present or collate to the same, as though the Person or Persons so offending or neglecting were dead.

Incumbents of

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Places where the proper inctnn inr curatesp" ^ent any Parsonage or Vicarage, or Benefice with Cure, doth reside on his Living and keep a Curate) shall read the the Incumbent himself in Person (not having some lawful Impediment to be allowed by the Ordinary of same once every the Place) shall once (at the least) in every Month openly and publicly read the Common Prayers and Month. Service in and by the said Book prescribed, and (if there be Occasion) administer each of the Sacraments and other Rites of the Church, in the Parish Church or Chapel, of or belonging to the lame Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice, in such Order, Manner and Form, as in and by the said Book is ap the Penalty and pointed; (z) upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of five Pounds to the Use of the Poor of the Parish for every vffiutn for noc11" Offence, upon Conviction by Confession or Proof of two credible Witnesses upon Oath before two Justices of the Peace of the County, City cr Town Corporate, where the Offence shall be committed, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer) and in Default of Payment within ten Days, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by the Warrant of the said Justices, by the Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, rendering the Surplusage to the Party.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Dean, Canon and Prebendary of every Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and all Mailers and other Heads, Fellows, Chaplains and tu ftube thedecla tors of or in any College, Hall, House of Learning or Hospital. and every public Professor and Reader ration. in either of the Universities and in every College elsewhere, and every Parson, Vicar, Curate, Ledlurer

15 car. 2. C 6. an(j every other Person in Holy Orders, and every school mailer keeping any public or private School, and every Person instructing or teaching any Youth in any House or private Family as a Tutor or school mailer, who upon the first Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty two, or at any Time thereafter, shall be incumbent or have Possession of any Deanery, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, Headship, Fellowship, professor's Place or reader's Place, Parsonage, Vicarage or any other Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion, or of any curate's Place, Lecture or School, or shall instrufl or teach any Youth as Tutor or school master, Ural! before the Feast day of St. bar tholomeiv which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty two, or at or before his or their respective Admission to be Incumbent or have Possession aforesaid, subscribe the Declaration or Acknowledgment following, Scilicet,

doing it.

Deans, Canons Prebendaries, C shall fub

See ia Annae, Stat. a. C 7* and a Geo. 2. c. 31. §. 8.

the declaration. ' IX T A.B. do declare, That it is not lawful upon any Pretence whatsoever to take Arms against CD bart w" 4 the King; and that I do abhor that traitorous Position of taking Arms by his Authority against

m.setr. 1. C 8. ' his Person or against those that are commissionated by him; and that 1 will conform to the Liturgy of

is. '.. ' the Church of England, as it is now by Law established: I do declare. That I do hold, there lies!

' no Obligation upon me or on any other Person, from the Oath commonly called, The Solemn League and Covenant, to endeavour any Change or Alteration of Government either in Church or State; -

' and that the same was in itself an unlawful Oath, and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm against the known Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom

X Which said Declaration and Acknowledgment shall be subscribed by every of the said Mailers and other Heads, Fellows, '.Chaplains and Tutors of or in any College, Hall or House of Learning, and by every public Proieffor and Reader in either of the Universities, before the vice-chancellor of the respective Universities for the Time being or his Deputy: And the said Declaration or Acknowledgment mail be subscribed before the respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese, by every other Person hereby enjoined to subscribe the lame; (a) upon Pain that all and every of the Persons aforesaid

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 4. 227

failing in such Subscription, shall lose and forfeit such respective Deanery, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, The Penalty for Headthip, Fellowship, profeitor's Place, reader's Place, Parsonage, Vicarage, Ecclesiastical Dignity' or not subscribu'6i Promotion, curates Place, Lecture and School, and shall be utterly disabled ipso fado deprived, .., of the same: (3) And that every such respective Deanery, Canonry, Prebend; Mastership, Headship,

Fellowship, professor's Place, reader's Place, Parsonage, Vicarage, Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion,

curate's Place, Lecture and School, shall be void, as if such Person so sailing were naturally dead.

XI. And if any school master, or other Person, instructing or teaching Youth in anymrivate House school mist«r» or Family as a Tutor or school master, shall instruift or teach any Youth as' a Tutor or school master, Hovifct!1' before Licence obtained from his respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese, according to the Laws anid Statutes of this Realm, (for which he shall pay twelve Pence only) and before such Subscription and Acknowledgment made as aforesaid; every such school mailer and other, irt structing and teaching as aforesaid, shall for the first Offence suffer three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize; (z) and for every second, and other such Offence, shall suffer three Months imprisonment without Bail or Mainprise, and also forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of five Pounds: .(3) And after such Subscription made, every such Parson, Vicar, Curate and Lecturer, shall procure a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese, (who are hereby enjoined and required upon Demand to make and deliver the same) and shall publicly and openly read the same, together with the Declaration or Acknowledgment aforesaid, upon fonte lord's Day within three Months then next following, in his Parish Church where he is to officiate, in the Presence of the Congregation there assembled, in the Time of Divine Service; (4) upon Pain that every Person failing the rein, shall lofc such Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice, curate's Place, or Lecturer's Place respectively, and shall be utterly disabled, and ipso fade deprived of the same; and that the said Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice, curate's Place, or Lecturer's Place, shall be void as if he was naturally dead.

XII. Provided always, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the What to be Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred eighty-two, there shall be omitted in the said Declaration

or Acknowledgment so to be subscribed and read, these Words following, scilicet' J the 25th ef

March i6sz.

C^A^ I do declare, That I do hold there lies no Obligation on me, or on any other Person,

X \ from the Oath commonly called, The Solemn League and Covenant, to endeavour any Change or Alteration of Government either in Church or State, and that the same was in itself an unlawful Oath, and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm against the known Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom

(3) So as none of the persons aforesaid shall from thenceforth be at 'all obliged to subscribe or read that Part of the said Declaration or Acknowledgment.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the Feast of St. Bartholomew, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, no Person who is now Incumbent, apd in pofivffion of any Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice, and who is not already in Holy Orders persons not or by Episcopal Ordination, or shall not before the said feast day of St. Bartholomew be ordained Priest or dainedfrieds or beacon, according to the Form of Episcopal Ordination, shall have, hold or enjoy the said Parsonage, de3c°f afcord vicarage, Benefice with Cure, or other Ecclesiastical Promotion within this Kingdom of England or the omination^ihau Dominion of If'dles, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, but shall be utterly disabled, and ipso facto) de nothordan'y prived of the same, and all his Ecclesiastical Promotions shall be void, as if he was naturally dead.'Ecclesiastical

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall thence romo, lon forth be capable to be admitted to any Parsonage, Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Promotion Norconfe' or Dignity whatsoever, nor shall presume to consecrate and administer the Holy Sacrament of the lord's fiertteholysal Supper, before such Time as he mail be ordained Priest according to the Form and Manner in and by the cr, tment, if not said Bookprescribed, unless he have formerly been made Priest by Episcopal Ordination; (3) upon Pain ordained accord to forfeit for every Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the' King's Majesty, of1commoit* the other Moiety thereof to be equally divided between the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be Prayer, committed; and such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or In The Penalty. formation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law

shall be allowed, and to be disabled from taking or being admitted into the Order of Priest, by the Space or one whole Year then next following.

XV. Provided that the Penalties in this Act shall not extend to the Foreigners or Aliens of the Foreign Reformed Churches allowed or to be allowed by the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors in England.

XVI. Provided always, That no Title to confer or present by i.apse, shall accrue by any Avoidance or

Deprivation (ipso fade) by Virtue of this Statute, but after six Months after Notice of such Avoidance or Deprivation given by the Ordinary to the Patron, or such Sentence of Deprivation openly and publicly read in the Parish Church of the Benefice, Parsonage or Vicarage becoming void, or whereof the Incumbent shall be deprived by Virtue of this act. '

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Form or Order of Common Mother Form prayers, Administration of Sacraments, Rites or Ceremonies, shall be openly used in any Church, Chapel of Common

or other public Place of or in any College or Hall in either of the Universities, the Colleges of West Prayer to be minster, Winchester or Eaton, or any of them, other than what is prescribed and appointed to be fifed in any Church or and by the said Book; (z) and that the present Governor or Head of every College and Hall in the said public Place; Universities, and of the said Colleges of Westminster, tvinchefer and Eaton, within one Month after' the Feast of St. Bartholomew, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two; and every Governor or Head of any of the said Colleges or Halls hereafter to be elected or appointed, within one Month next after his eje<51ion or Collation, and Admission into the same Government

22& C. 4. Anno decimo tertio 6c quarto Caroli II. A.D. 16621,

ment or Headship, shall openly and publicly in the Church, Chapel, or other public Place of the same

College or Hall, and in the Presence of the fellows and Scholars of the same? or the greater Part of them the Articles fefident, lbbscribe unto the nine and thirty Articles of Religion, mentioned in the Statute made in.

mentioned in

the thirteenth Year of five reign. of the late Queen Elizabeth, and unto the said Book, and declare his un thestat. jijelist. feigned Assent and concent unto, and Approbation, of, the said Articles, nd of the same Book, and to the Use of all the Prayers, Rites and Ceremonies, Forms and Orders in the said Book, prescribed and contained, according to the Formaforesaid; (3) and that all such Governors or Heads of the said Colleges and Halls, pr any of them, as are ovatall.be in Holy Orders, Avail once (at least) in every quarter of the Year (not having a lawful Impediment) openly and publicly read the Morning Prayer and Service in and by the said Book appointed to be, read, in the Church, Chapel, or other public Place of the same College or Hall; (4) upon Pain to lose, and he suspended of and from all the Benefits and Profits belonging to the same Government or Headship, by the Space of six Months, by the visitor or Visitors of the same College or hall; (3) and if any Governor or Head of any College or Hall, suspended'.far not subscribuvg unto the said Articles and Book, or for not reading of the Morning prayer.and Service as aforesaid, Avallnot at or before the End of six. Months next after such&ufpension, subscribe unto the said Articles and Book, and declare his Consent thereunto as aforesaid, or read, the Morning Prayer and Service as aforesaid, then such Government or Headfnip Avail be {ipfofa(to) void.

"Who mayors

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, to use the Morning and Evening Prayer, and

Utuie vicem all other Prayers and Service prescribed, in and by the said Book, in the Chapels or other public Places of the resp.eftiye Colleges and Halls in both the univeraties, in five Colleges of Westminster, Winchester and Eaton, 'and, in the Convocations, of the clergies of either Province, in., Latin; any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

uchiics.

XIX. And be it! fa fibre enacted by the Authority aforesaid, no Person Avail be or be received as a

Lecturer. or permitted, futiered or allowed to preach as a Lecturer. to preach, or read any Sermon or, Lecture in any Church, Chapel, or other Place of public. woraiip, within this Realm of England or the., Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, unless he be fira approved, and thereunto licensed

by the; archbiavpp of the Province, or bishop of, tlvelfiocefe, or (in case. the sse. be void) by the Guardian of the s.piritualncsi, under, his Seal, and shall in the Presence of the same. Archbishop or Bulvop, or guar jy, Eliz, C i2, dian, read the Nine and thirty Articles, of Religion mentioned in.five. Statute of the thirteenth Year of the Igte Queen Elizabeth,r with Declaration, oflvis unfeigned Assent. to the same; (2) and fivat every Person and Persons who now is, or hereafter Avail be licensed, assigned and appointed, or received as a Lecturer, to pveach upon any Day of the Week in any Church, Chapel or Place of public woravip within this Realm odengland ox Places aforesaid, the fira Time he preachgth (before his. Sermon.) Avail openly, publicly and solemnly read the Common Prayers and service in and by the said Book appointed to be read for that Time of the Day, and then., and there ppbjickly and openly, declare his A (Tent unto, and Approbation of, the said Rook, and, to five Use of all the Prayers! Rites and Ceremonies, Forms and Orders therein contained and prescribed, according to the Form before appointed in this Act; ( 3) and also shall upon the first Lecture day of every Month afterwards, so.long as, he continues Lecturer or Preacher there, at the Place appointed for his said Lecture or Sermon, before his. fid Lecture or Sermon, openly, publicly. and solemnly read the Common Prayers and Service in and by the said Bookyappointed to be read for that Time of the Day at which the said Lecture or Sermon is to be preached, and after such Reading thereof Avail openly and publicly, before the Congregation, there afienvbled, declare his unfeigned Assent and Consent unto, and Approbation of, the said Book, and to the Use of all the Prayers, Rites and Ceremonies, Forms and Orders, therein contained and prescribed, accord ng to the form aforesaid; and that all and every such Person and Persons who, shall neglect or refafe to do the same. Avail from thenceforth be disabled to preach five said or any. other Lecture or Sermon in the said or any other Church, Chapel or Place of public woravip, until such time as he and they Avail openly, publicly and solemnly read the Common Prayers and service appointed by the said Book, and conform in all Points to the Things therein appointed and prescribed, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

tafivmi. ig.i

XX. Provided always, That if. the said Sermon or Lecture be to be preached or read in any Cathedral; vhedialcr lie or Collegiate Church of Chapel, it Avail be sufficiejvt for the said Lecturer, openly at the Time aforesaid, to, gaate Churc ex. jgc]are h; s Afie, vt and Consent to all Things contained in the said Book, according to the Form aforesaid.

The Penalty

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who is by this Act dif

frab ed that abled tp preach any Lecture or Sermon, Avail during the Time that he Avail continue and remain so difa

jpreach. bled, preach any Sermon or Lecture.; that then for every such Offence, the Person and Persons so offend —

Explained by ing Avail suffer three Months Invprisonment in the Common Gaol without Bail or Ada'nprize; (3) and that

j^car.a. c. any two juaices of the Peace of any County of this Kingdom and Places aforesaid, and the Mayor or other

Chief magistrate of any City or Town Corporate within the same, upon Certificate from tive Ordinary of" five Place made to him or them of the Offence committed, shall and are. hereby required to commit the Person or Persons so offending, to, the Gaol of tive same County, City or Town Corporate accordingly.

goaimo prayer

XXII. Provided always, and be. it. further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all and every

everyleaure°re Tim? and Tinves when any Sermon or Lecture. is to be preached, the Common Prayers and Service in and: ant iheledtyrer, by the said Book appointed to be read for that Time of the qay ihau be openly, publicly and solemnly to be present, read by fonve priea.or Deacon, in the Church, Chapel or Place of public Woifivip, where, the said Sermon or Lecture is to be preached, before such Sermon, or Lecture be. preached, and that the lecturer them to preach shall be present at the Reading thereof.

Provifa forser. XXIII provided.neverthelufs, That this Act Wall not extend to the University churches in the unium innthoec* veifities of this, Realm, or either of them, when or at such Times as any Sermon or Lecture is. preached; q.nvyffnies, or read in the said Churches, or any of them, for or as the public University Sermon or Lecture; but fiiat the same Sermons and Lectures may be preached.or read.in.such Sort and Manner as five.same have

beem

229

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 4.

isetn heretofore preached or read; this Act, or anything herein contained, to the contrary thereof in any

wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several good Laws and Statutes The Law; and if this Realm, which have been formerly made, and are now in Force, for the Uniformity of Prayer and Statues former administration of the Sacraments, within this Realm of England and Places aforesaid, shall stand in hill rlmltyofcom/ Force and Strength, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for the establishing and confirming of the said mor Prayer, Book, intituled, The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacramento, and other Rites and Cere confirmed, n moneys of the Church:; according to the life of the Church of England; together with thepfaltcr or Psalms of Da (or purifliinj id, pointed as they are to be Jung or said in Churches, and the Form or Manner of making, Ordaining and Con otienders feerating of bishops, Priefs and Deacons, herein before mentioned to be joined and annexed to this act; and ^ainst thh shall be applied, prailifed and put in Ure for the punishing of all Offences contrary to the said Laws, with Law'

(relation to the Book aforesaid, and no other.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all those Prayers, Litanies and Litanies and Collects, which do any way relate to the King, Queen or Royal Progeny, the Names beal ^thekir1*'118 xred and changed from Time to Time, and fitted to the present Occasion, according to the direction of Queen, sief' lawful Authority.

XXVI. Provided al 'o, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a true printed Copy of the True printed said Book, intituled, The Book of Common Prayer and Admhujlration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and p^okof Com jceremonies of the Churchy according to the use of the Church of England, together with the Psalter or pjalms of men Prayer to David, pointed as they are to be fungor said in Churches, and the Form' and Manner of Making, Ordaining and provided in Cotife crating of Bishops, Priefs and Deacons, flail at the Costs and Charges of the Parishioners of every Pa churd ett8^dlh Church and Chapelry, Cathe iral Church, College and Hall be attained and gotten before the Feast u

day of Saint Bartholomew in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two; upon Pain of Forfeiture of three Pounds by the Month, for so long Time as. they, shall then after be unprovided thereof, by every Parish or Chapelry, Cathedral Church, College and Hall, making Default therein.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bishops of Hereford, Pfovifu sortie St. Davids, Asaph, Bangor and Landajf', and their Successors, shall take such Order among themselves, for Dad'ev ffie Souls Health of the Flocks committed to their Charge within Wales, that the Book hereunto annexed af.iph, Bangor be truly and exabtly translated into the British or Welflo Tongue; and that the same so mandated, and being Llandaff.

by them, or any three of them at the lead, viewed, perused and allowed, be imprinted to such Number at lead, so that one of the said Books so translated and imprinted, may be had for every Cathedral, collegiate and Paridi Church, and Chapel of e>fe, in the said respective Dioceses and Places in Wales, where the jvfljb is commonly spoken or used, before the fil'd Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty five; (2) and that from and after the imprinting and publidiing of the said Book so tnndated, the whole Divine Service shall be used and said by the Ministers arul Curates throughout all Wales within the said Diotefes where the Weish Tongue is commonly used, in the British or Weish Tongue, in such Manner and form as is prescribed" according to the book hcreunto a rnexed to be used in the English Tongue, differing nothings in any Order or Form from the said Enftish Book; forwliich Book, fotrandited and imprinted, the Churchwardens of every the said Parishes dull pay out of the Paridi Money in their Hands for the Use of the re — spebtive Churches, and be allowed the same on their Account; and that the said bishops and their Succedors, or any three of them at the lead, Avail set and appoint the Price for which, the said Book shall be sold: (3): And one other Book of Common Prayer in the English' Tongue shall be bought and had in every Church throughout Wales, in which the Book of Common Prayer in Weish is to be hadbyforceof this Aik, before the fird Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and four, and the same Books to remain in such convenient Places within the said Churches, that such as under and them may resort at all convenient Times to read and peruse the same, and also such as do not under and the said Language, may by conferring, both;

Tongues together, the sooner attain to the Knowledge of the English Tongue; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: (j) And until printed Copies of the said Book so to be trandated may be had and provided, the Form ot Common Prayer established by Parliament before the making of this Act,

shall be used as formerlyin such Parts of Wales where the English Tongue is not commonly understood.,

XXVIII. And to the End that the true and perfect Copies of this Act, and the said Book hereunto an jfcaries of" acted, may be safely kept and perpetually preserved, and for the avoiding, of ali disputes for the Time to this a a, 'and come; (2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respebhve Deans and Chapters of the Book of every Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England and Wales (had at their proper Costs and Charges, ^/, before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand six hundred sixty and two, obtain under the Great snd how to be seal of England a true and perfect printed Copy of this Act, and of the said Book annexed hereunto, to be had and kepi, by the said Deans and Chapters, and their Succedors, kept and preserved in Safety for ever, and to be also produced and shewed forth in any Court of Record, ns often as they shall be thereunto lawfully required;

(3) and also there shall be delivered true and perfect Copies of this Act and of the same Book, iiro the respective Courts at Westminster, and into the Tower of London, to be kept and preserved for ever among the Records of the said courts', and the Records of the Tower, to be also produced and shewed forth in any Court, as Need flail require; (4.) which said Books so to be exempliti d under the great Seal of England shall be examined by such Persons as the King's Majesty dull appoint, under the Great Seal of England, for that Purpose, and shall be compared with the Original Book hereunto annexed, and shall have Power to correct and amend in Writing any. Error committed by the Printer in the Printing of the same Book, or of anything therein contained, and filial] certify in Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands awl Seals of any three of them, at the End of the same Book, that they have examined and compared the same Book, and find it to be a true and perfect Copy; (5) which, said Books, and e ery one of them, so exemplified under the Great Seal of England as aforesaid, shall be deemed, taken, adjudged and expounded to be good and available, in the Law, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever, and dtall be account e. das good;

230 C 5. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662

Records as this Book it fols hereunto annexed; any Law or Custom to the contrary in any wise not with. Handing.

Provifc for the

XXIX. Provided also, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not be prejudicial or hurt kvn^projefror full unto the King's Professor of the Law within the University of Oxford, for or concerning the Prebend ord? Vm*of Shipton withai the Cathedral Church of Sarum, united and annexed unto the Place of the same king's. Professor for the Time being by the late King fames ofbleffed Memory.

Proviso con

XXX. Provided always, That whereas the LIX and thirtieth Article of the nine and thirty Articles agreed the 36-h upon by the Archbishops and Bishops of both Provinces, and the whole Clergy, in the Convocation holder udheconvoca at London in the Year of our Lord one thousand five hundred sixty two, for the avoiding of Diversities ol ion. Opinions, and for establishing of Consent touching true Religion, is in these Words following, viz.

Anno 1563.-

(2) "That the Book of Consecration of Archbishops and Bishops, and Ordaining of Priests and deat ct cons, lately set forth in the Time of King Edward the Sixth, and confirmed at the same Time by Au "of Parliament, doth contain all Things necessary to such Consecration and Ordaining, neither hath it anything that of itself is superstitious and ungodly: And therefore whosoever are Confeerated "or Ordered according to the Rites of that Book, since the second Year of the aforenamed King Edward "unto this Time, or hereafter shall be Confeerated or Ordered according to the same Rites, We decree all "such to be rightly, orderly and lawfully Confeerated and Ordered j"

The Com man Prayer used by Authority of Parliament, i Eliz. C a.

8 Eliz. C 1. to be used until Bartholomew Day i66».

EXP.

7 Ed, 4. C 1.

The Number of Wardens and Assistants of Matter Weavers in.norwich, how and when to be chosen.

The Oath to be taken by them.

XXXI. It be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Subscriptions hereafter to be had or made unto the Paid Articles by any Deacon, Priest or Ecclesiastical person, or other Person whatsoever, who by this Act, or any other Law now in Force, is required to subscribe unto the said Articles, shall be construed, and be taken to extend, and shall be applied (for and touching the said six and thirtieth Article) unto the Book containing the Form and Manner of Making, Ordaining and consecrating of Bishops, Priests and Deacons, in this Act mentioned, in such Sort and Manner as the same did heretofore extend unto the Book set forth in the Time of King Edward the Sixth, mentioned in the said six and thirtieth Article; anything in the said Article, or in any Statute, Act or Canon heretofore had or made, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided also, That the Book of Common Prayer, and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies of this Church of England, together with the Form and Manner of Ordaining, and Consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons heretofore in use, and respectively established by Act of Parliament in the first and eighth years of Queen Elizabeth, shall be still used and observed in the Church of England, until the Feast of Saint Bartholomew, which shall be in the year of our Lord God, One thousand six hundred sixty and two.

EXP. as to this last Clause.

Farther Provijlom relating hereto, 1 W. S? M, St. 1. C 18. and 23 Geo. 2. c. 284

CAP. V.

An act for Regulating the making of Stuffs in Norfolk and Norwich.

WHEREAS diverse Abuses and Deceits have of late Years been had and used in the making of Worsteds, and other Stuffs commonly called Nonvich Stuffs, and in the Reeling of Yams, where of the said Stuffs are either wholly or in Part made, which tends to the Debasing of the said Manufacture, ' unto the Prejudice of the Public; (2) which said Trade of Weaving of Stuffs hath of late Times been very much increased, and great Variety of new Sorts of Stuffs have been invented; so that the Power given by the Statute of the Seventh of Edward the Fourth, Chapter the First, is not sufficient for the Regulating of the same; (3) and that the Number of the Wardens by the same Act appointed, being but eight, are too few for the governing and ordering the same Trade; by which Means the same Ma ' nufacture will soon be lost, (if not prevented) and carried into Foreign Nations, to the greatdiminutidri of his Majesty's Customs, and turning out of Work many thousands of poor People: '

II. For Prevention of which Abuses, Deceits and Evils, it is enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, with the Advice and Consent of thelords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled in Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be twelve Wardens and thirty Assistants, all which are to be Master W eavers within the County of the City of Norwich and County of Norfolk; (2) six of which said Wardens and fifteen of the said Assistants shall be chosen the first mond.y after Peniccoff in the Y car of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and two, and from thence' yearly and every Year on the next Monday after Penteceft, at Come publick Place, by the Master Weavers or the greater Part of them, present, of the said City and county of Norwich; (3) and the other six Wardens and fifteen Assistants (halt be chosen upon the same Day yearly within the City of Norwich or County of Norfolk, in some publick Place, by the Master Weavers, or the greater Part of them present, of the county or Norfolk: (4) And the said Wardens respectively shall within fourteen Days after they shall be so elioien or elected, and Notice. thereof given, take the Oath ensuing, to be administered by the Mayor of the said City foe the Time being, or Ills Deputy, 'and the Steward of the Duchy of Lancaster within the said County for the Time being, if it Avail happen the said Steward shall be there present, or else before the said Mayor or his Deputy only.; which Oath they and every of them are hereby authorised and required from Time to Time to administer accordingly, viz. I A.B. 'do [wear, Thatt I will well, faithfully and hbtieftly perform and discharge the Office if a I Far den of the said Trade of ivorfled tve., vers, according to the be ft of my Skill, Power and Knowledge: (5) And that: 'the said Assistants, and every of them, within tyre Time aforesaid shall take the like Oath before such Person or Per Tonnes before whom the W ardens ("hall be sworn for the Execution of that Office of an Assistant;

(6) and that if it shall happen that any of the said Wardens who shall be so chosen, shall refuse to take the said Oath, or after he be ("worn shall die before the End of the Year, That then from Time to Time, so

often

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 5. 231

often as need shall be, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Matter weavers of the said City, County of the City of Nonvich and County of Norfolk respectively, as the Cause shall require, to choose other Warden or Wardens in the Place of him or them so dying or refusing, who shall be sworn in such Manner as aforesaid.

III. And for the Regulation and good Government of the said Trade and Manufacture, the said Wardens The Powers in and Assistants, orany thirteen of them, whereof seven to be Wardens, shall and may from Time to Time meet 1 uiahon off and consult together for the Good and Benefit of the said Tradeand Manufacture, and for the due Execu tradmohe put tion of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, so often as to them shall seem expedient, or when it in Execution, shall be desired by eight or more of the said Assistants, at the Place called iveavers hall in the said City, or

af such other Place as they shall think lit: (2) And that any thirteen or more of the said Wardens and af fillants whereof seven at the lead to be Wardens, shall have and hereby have Power and Authority from Time to Time, so often as Need shall require, to make and ordain bylaws, Rules and Ordinances, for power torravce and concerning the Regulation of the said Worded Stuffs, and other Stuffs now made, and which hereafter By laws and shall be made, within the said City and County of the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk, and in ei °rders* there of them.'bqth in Length, Breadth and Goodness, and of such other Particulars as shall by the said Wardens and Assistants so met, or the greater Number of them, from Time to Time be adjudged requisite, for the better regulating the said Trade and Manufacture, and the Artificers of the same, in the due Execution of this Act (and to make Seals from Time to Time for the sealing of the same Stuffs;,) (3) which bylaws, Rules and Ordinances, being ratified and confirmed by the Mayor, and two Justices of the Peace of the said City and County of Nonvich for the Time being, and three other Justices of the Peace of the said To he County of Norfolk (whereof one to be of the Quorum) shall be published four Times in the Year at the at fourairem lead, at four public Assembfies for the said Trade and Manufacture, and shall be obeyed and kept by the blies to be b, ild several Persons within and under the said Regulation. yearly.

IV. And the said Wardens and Affidants shall have and hereby have Power to impose a Fine or Penalty The'penalty

upon any Person or Persons under such Regulation, as shall not confirm to such Rules, Orders and Ordi a7°ird?fr hb3 nances, so made and to be made and confirmed as aforesaid. fawtandor y

V. Provided that the said Fine or Penalty upon any Person for nert conforming as aforesaid, shall not ex ders. ceed the Sum of ten Shillings for any one Offence.

VI. And it is further enacted, That the Wardens and Affidants of the said City and County of the City Notice of Mret

of Norwich, shall from Time to Time give Personal Notice unto the Wardens of the said County of Norfolk in by the city or Two of them at the lead, of the Time when they intend to consider of the Making of bylaws, Rules given to tie

and Ordinances as aforesaid, and shall set it up in Writing upon the Door of their Sealing hall, fourteen Wardens of the Days at the lead before they shall proceed to the Making the same; to the End, that such of the said Coun ?£niy of Nor try Weavers as are therein concerned may be there present

VII. And for the better Regulation and carrying on the Work aforesaid, and for Avoiding of all Frauds Varnscalied and Deceits therein. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Yarns called Worded yarns, ^vorftep yar'?s' and such other Yarns as are commonly used by the worded weavers, shall be made without Fraud, and howto ema e shall be reeled on a Reel of a full Yard about, and every reel daff diall contain fourteen Leas, and every

Lea forty Threads, twelve of which reel daffs shall make a Dozen, and twelve of those Dozens shall

make a Gross: in Case any Person or Persons shall sell or expose to sale, any of the said Yarns made

and reeled in any other Manner than as is aforesaid; then every such Person or Persons shall forfeit the

Moiety of the Value of the said Yarns to die Use of the said Trade and Manufactures, after Charges of - "

Suit and of Prosecution firfc deduced out of the same; which Forfeiture shall be recovered by Addon of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, Indictment or Information, in any of the King's majesty's Courts of Record, wherein

no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection diall be allowed for the Defendant.

VIII. And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Wardens and Affidants of the said Trade and viewandsearch Manufactures or any Two of them, from Time to Time to view and search in all Fairs and Markets and

other public Places of Sale of Y arns within the said City of Norwich and County of the same, and County in Fairs and63 of Norfolk, and either of them, all Yarns which shall be there exposed to Sale; (2) and such of the said Markets.

Yarns as they shall find defective, contrary to the Rules herein before set, that then it shall and may be law. to and for the same Wardens and Affidants or any Two of them, to seize the same Yarns, and bring the same within twenty Days next after the Seizure thereof, to Trial by a Jury, and to be proceeded in and fined in such Manner and Form as in this present act is limited and appointed for defective Stuff's; "

which said Jury shall have and hereby have Power to set such Fine or Fines upon the said Yarns, as they shall in their Discretions see Cause; the same Fines not to exceed the Moiety of the Yarn so found defective; (3) and the same Fines to go to the Poor of the same Trade and Manufacture as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be doubly punished for any one Offence touching Yarns (that is to say) by this and the former iause in this act.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Sorts of Stuffs, whether woven of Woollen only or of All Woollen Wool and other Materials, within the City and County of Norwich and the County of Norfolk, and the vj.uflts0a^under Makers and Weavers of the same stuffs, shall be under the Power Government and Regulation of the /he^oyemw nt said Wardens and Assistants, in such Manner as by this and other acts of Parliament, and the bylaws of the hid war made and to be made by Virtue thereof, are or shall be establdhedi (except such Stuffs as are under the lints" Al' Regulation of the Wardens and Fellowship of the Mystery of Russel sattens, Sattens reverses and Fu 1 2n

ftians of Nonvich making, within the City of Norwich :,) (2) And that all Stuffs made and to be made under the Regulation aforesaid, before the same shall be offered or put to sale, shall bq brought to Weavers hall for the Time being Within the County of the City of Norwich, to be Viewed and searched by the said Wardens or any Two'of them; ( 3) And if the same shall be found to be well and sufficiently made and Good snh suffi wrought according to the Rules 'and Ordinances of the said Trade, then all such stuffs shall be by the dm be Wardens, or any Two of them, sealed and allowed accordingly", without any Sum of Money paid or to be fca'ed'

(lull be cci2ed and tried by a

ju' y.

r*5l, aff9 pak same; (4) 2nd if upon Search and View thereof, any such Stuffs shall be found and appear td

be defeciive, contrary to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Wardens and Assistants; then all such defective Stuffs shall be seized by the said Wardens or any Two of them, and tried by a Jury of twelve Artificers of the said Regulation of worsted weavers, Six whereof to be of the City of Norwich, and Six to be of the County of 'Norfolk, who shall be from Time to Time impanelled by a Precept under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the City of Norwich for the Time being or his Deputy; (5) and if any who shall be so impanelled shall fail in Appearance, ihe Number to be made up either of the Master weavers of the City of Norwich or of the County of Norfolk, by a Precept from the said Mayor; (6) which Jury so impanelled or taken and sworn before the Mayor of the said c.tyfor the Time being, shall try the said Stuff?, and find whether they be made according to this act and the bylaws and Ordinances made by Virtue thereof or of any other Act of Parliament; (7) and shall have Power to impose a moderate Fine according to the Nature of the Offence, not exceeding the Moiety of the Value of the defective Stuffs so seized and tried, the same Fines to go to the Use of the Trade and Manufacture; (8) and those Stuffs which shall be found defective to be detained until the Fine or Fines set upon them by the Jury be paid; (9) which if the Owner of the same Stuffs shall not pay to the said Wardens or some of them, within forty Days after the Trial, then the same Stuffs to be sold by any Two of the said Wardens, and the Overplus of the Moneys thereof coming after the Fines deducted to be restored to the Owner upon Demand.

The Penalty for

XI. And it is further enacted, That if any Warden or Wardens shall at any Time leal, or cause to be Stuffs deft<aive sealed, any Stuffs made under the said Regulation which shall afterwards be discovered by any Person to be defective, contrary to this present act and the bylaws, Rules and Ordinances thereupon made or hereafter to be made, or any of them, and found so to be by a Jury of twelve Artificers of the said Trade, from Time to Time to be impanelled and sworn before the said Mayor or his Deputy, and the said Steward of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being if he be there present, and if the said Steward be absent, then before the said Mayor or his Deputy only, of which Jury Six shall be of the said City Weavers, and the other Six of the said Country Weavers, who shall have and hereby have Power to set and impose a Fine upon the Warden or Wardens of the said Trade offending, for every Piece of defective Stuff so sealed, as the same Jury in their Discretions shall think fit; the same Fine not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, which mail be to the Use of the King's Majesty; (2) and that the same Jury or any other suchlike Jury from Time to Time to be impanelled by and sworn before the Persons aforesaid, or any of them, shall likewise inquire into all and every other the Frauds, Abuses and Miscarriages of the Wardens and Assistants and every of them, in the Execution of their Offices, and correct and punish them and every of them for their several Offences, in such Manner as is herein before mentioned to be done against any other Offenders who are under the said Regulation.

Persons unjustly XII Provided, That if the said Wardens or any of them shall be unjustly molested, and that if such nioieqed to have Stuffs upon Trial shall be found by the Jury to be good and duly made, or that they or the Assistants, or 'double damages. any of them, are not guilty of any such Frauds, Miscarriages or Abuses, as they are complained of for the Person or Persons lo causelelly molesting shall pay to the Wardens or Assistants or any of them so unjustly molested, double the Damages they or any of them firall or may sustain by any such Molestation. None may buy

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it firall not be lawful for any Person s uffs unfeaied. or Persons to buy any Piece or Pieces of Stuffs before the same be sealed by the Wardens of the said kin'i's Aulnaee Yrade: Saving to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Right of Customs, Subsidies and 4 4'Aulnage of Norfolk and Norwi. h Stuffs or Worsteds or any of them, as he or they might lawfully have

claimed before the Making of this act: (2) And that if any Piece or Pieces of Stuffs shall be found in the Possession of any Person or Persons unfeaied, except in the poffdtion of the first Owner or Maker thereof, the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall be adjudged guilty of Deceit, and shall forfeit for every such Piece of Stuff which be so found in his or their Possession unfeaied as Th Penalty for aforesaid, the Sum of four Shliings; (3) and the Maker and Seller of the same who shall deliver the same buyiofi unfeaied out of his or their Possession before the same be sealed, shall likewise forfeit for every such Piece, other Stuffs. four Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the said Trade and Manufacture.

XIV. And that if any Person shall counterfeit any Seal of the said Trade, or shall Seal any Piece of Stuff under the Regulation with any counterfeit Seal, or shall remove a Seal off one Piece, and set it unto another Piece which hath not been sealed by the Wardens, every Person so offending and being thereof convicted by his own Confession, or by the Oath of Two or more Witnesses, to be taken before the Mayor of the said City or his Deputy, or any one Justice of the Peace of the City of Norwich or County of Norfolk, who respectively have hereby Power to achninifter an Oath for that Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Engjiflo Money, to the Use of the King's Majesty.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall use or exercise the same Trade as a Weaver, unless he hath served to the same Trade as an Apprentice by the

beenr>snttces "Tace ot leveri Years; (2) upon Pain of forfeiting forty Shillings for every Month he shall use or exercise revrii yei' s.'ce6 the same Trade, not having served thereunto as aforesaid; one Half thereof to the King's Majesty, The Penalty. and the other Half thereof to the Person or Persons who will sue or prosecute for the same by A Chen ot' Debt, Bill, Plaint, Indictment or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

E eryor.ern il

XVI. And that every Person under the said Regulation shall weave his proper stuff mark into every weave his own Piece of stulf which he shall weave or cause to be woven, at the head end of the same Piece; upon Pain Mari? in his Of forfeiting three Shillings, for every Piece that shall be woven without such Mark, to the Use of the 'u " Poor of the said Trade and Manufacture.

and Assistants

XVII. And the said Wardens and Assistants, or any two or more of them, shall have and hereby have my enter power to enter into and search the Houses and work houses of any Artificers within the City of Nor housei, Woik which and County of Norfolk under the Regulation of the said Wardens and Assistants, and the Shops, wj^honfes to Houses and ware houses' of any Merchant, common Buyer, Dealer in and Retailer of any the said Stuffs,

arch Stuffs. 4, and

The Penalty for counterfeiting any Setil of the said Trade

None mv ure lhr Trade

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo. tertio & quarto Caroli II rc. 2^3

and into the House and work house of any Dyer, sheer man, Callender, or other workman's House

and Place of Sale and dressing of the said Stuffs, at all Times of the Day and usual Times of Working,

and may there search and view the Stuffs there found, whether they be ordered and made according to this present aist, and the Laws, Orders and Ordinances of the said Trade; (2) and that if any such Faulty and dr

Stuff as aforesaid shall be found faulty or defective, that then they, or any two of them, shall! seize, take festive Stuffs to

and carry away the same, to be ordered and brought to Trial, and proceeded against, in Manner and and

Form as is before in this present Act mentioned and appointed for defective Stuff's. - ric

XVIII. And for the better providing that poor Journeymen wild have served in the said Trade, and 1'roviso for poor are not able to setup for themselves, may be employed in Work, it is hereby enacted, That whatsoever Journeymen. Person under the Regulation of the said Trade, who shall employ two Apprentices in the said Trade,

shall likewise employ and seton work two Journeymen in the said Trade, during the Time he employs two Apprentices; (2) and that no Master weaver under the Regulation of the said Trade, shall at any Time have, employ or seton work above two Apprentices, or any week boy, to weave ina Loom in the said Trade in worsted weaving, upon Pain that every Person shall forfeit for every month so offending as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds to the Use of the King's Majesty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or may be concerned in anything con obedience amt tained in this present Act, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to yield due Obedience thereunto, ac confo mity 10 cording to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act; (2) and that if any Person or Persons shall lhlsa£l. refute, hinder or will not permit the said Wardens or Assistants, or any two or more of them, to execute

their Office according to the Tenor of this Act; That then every Person so offending, being thereof confuse nr hinder victed by the Oath of one or more credible witnesses, before the Mayor of the said City or his Deputy, iheexecution, or any one Justice of the Peace of the said City of Norwich, pr County of Norfolk respectively, who are hereby authorised to administer such Oath, 'shall1 forfeit the Sum; of forty Shillings to the Use of the King's Majesty.

XX. And if any Person lawfully summoned to appear upon any Jury or Trial, according to the Tenor tie Penalty for of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to appear and proceed upon the lame, every Person so' refuting or rieg not appearing

lecling shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Retufa] the Sum of five Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of ip?aja Iur>; or the said Trade and Manufacture: Which said Penalties and Forfeitures, together with all'.other Fines lna ' .*. and Penalties which are appointed to goto the Poor of the Trade and Manufacture or for the Use thereof, 'mentioned in this Act, the Means of Recovery of which is not already other wise herein provided and set' forth, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant to be granted by the said Mayor, or his Deputy for the Time being, or any one justice of Peace of the City of Norwich or County of Norfolk, rendering the Overplus of such Distress to the Owner thereof, if any mail be, and the same shall be by him demanded, or otherwise to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, '

Indictment or Information, in any his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Wager of Law', Essoin or Protection shall be allowed to the Defendant as aforesaid. -: of s. i 1.

XXI. And whereas the Custom hath been retained Time out of Mind, and found expedient, that no Weaving of there should be a Cessation of Weaving every Year in the Time of Harvest, in regard the Spinners of stuffsintime Yam which the said Weavers do use, are at that Time chiefly employed in harvest work; 'Be it enact of.h4rveft> ed, That no Weaver under the Regulation of the said Trade and Manufacture, shall set any Loom on work for the Weaving of any Stuff's under the said Regulation, in the Time of harvest yearly, from the fifteenth Day of August in every Year until the fifteenth Day of September then next following, upon Pain of forfeiting to the King's Majesty the Sum of forty Shillings for every Loom which lhffll be used in work within the said Time. '., r. f'>

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a true Account shall be made at the True Accounts

four Assemblies (to be held quarterly as aforesaid) by the Wardens, before the Mayor of the City of Nor to be made at

which for the Time being, and one of the Justices of the Peace of the said City and County of Norwich, u /

and two Justices of the Peace of the County of Norfolk, of all such Fines and Forfeitures: as shall be re ant^rfeitures* ceived and had, belonging, to the said Trade and Manufacture, and of the necessary Charges and dif burieinents touching the lame Trade and Manufacture; (2) and that the Overplus which shall remain

after the said necessary Charges and Disbursements are deducted, shall be divided into two equal Parts; the one Moiety thereof to be disposed of by the Wardens and Assistants of tyre said City of Norwich, or the greater Part of them; and the other Moiety thereof by the Wardens and Assistants of the said County of Norfolk, or the greater Part of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Trade and Manufacture, in such Manner as the said Mayor and Justices aforesaid respectively shall order and direct, and no other; any Filing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. Anil that all Mayors, Justices, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables, and all other Officers, shall be All Mayors,

Aiding and aiming to the said Wardens and Assistants, or any of them, as often as they shall be there Bailiffs, C to unto required; (2) And in ail Actions and Suits that shall be brought against any Person or Persons, 'for jjftfng1"5an a'acting in anything according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so sued Defendant row or molested, shall or may plead the General Issue of Not guilty, and give the special Matter in Evidence; plead the Gene (3) and shall recover double Costs in every such Case, if the Verdict pass for such Person or Persons, or doubie costs. that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuit therein.

XXIV. Provided always, That this Adr, nor any Tiling therein contained, shall extend to compel the Provisoferthe Weavers of the Towns of Great Yarmouth and Lyn in the said County of Norfolk, to bring their Wares Weavers of

to Norwich to be sailed, or be prejudicial to the Weavers of the said I owns, or either of them, to de and lyna.rm°u9prive them or either of them of such Liberties or Privileges as are granted unto them by an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of King Henry the Eighth, or by any other Act of Parliament; or H'

Grant or Charter whatsoever. This Act to begin and take Effect from the fifteenth Day of May one -. thousand six hundred sixty and two.

2 & 3 Ph. & M. C 8.

22 Car. 2.

5 Eliz. C 13.

18 Eliz. C lo Repealed in part by 30 Car, 2. Stat. j, C 5* 22 Car. 2. C 12. §3'

7 & 8 W. 3. C 29.

6 Annas, C 29.9 Anns, C 18. i Geo. 1. Scat.

2. C II

5 Geo. 1. C i2. 0 Geo. 1. c. 6. 43 Eliz. C 4.

14 & 15 H. 8. C 6.

39 Eliz. C 19.

CAP. VI.

An Act for enlarging and repairing of common Highways. Surveyors of the Highways to be chosen yearly the Monday or Tuesday in Edjler Week. The Duty of the Surveyors.' How and upon whom to lay Assessment for mending or enlarging the Highways. The Surveyors' may charge Carts and Workmen. Penalty upon such as refuse or neglect. In what Cases Highways may be enlarged out of Mens Lands next adjoining. Digging for Gravel in Wastes and Commons, In what Cases Gravel, Stones, GY., may be digged in Mens several Grounds. What Number of Horses or Oxen may be used in Carts and Carriages upon the Highways. And what Weight. No Wheels are to be under four Inches Breadth in the Tyre. The Penalty, and how to be disposed. The Offences declared common Nufances. All Suits upon tills Act shall be laid in their proper County, and the Defendant may plead the General Issue'

'Moneys raised by Assessment, Issues forfeited, GY. shall be levied and employed for mending the Highways. Accounts to be given by the Surveyors yearly of all Money raised for mending the Highways. Who may inquire, hear and determine Offences again! this Act. Appeals allowed to Persons grieved. In what Cases only a Certiorari may be allowed to remove any Indictment, GY. upon this Act, see Car. 2. /. 12. §.4. 5 Gf 6 IV & M. C 11. Bridges to have sufficient Walls, or Ports and

Rails. Tenants to bear the Charges of Affeflirients for Highways. To have Continuance to the next Parliament. EXP. The Penalties are applied to certain Cases in 22 Car. 2. C 12. §. iz. But those Penalties are not in Use, others being appointed by subsequent Acts.

CAP. VII.

An act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and raw Hides out of the Realm of England.

SA 6 Ed. 6. 1 WHEREAS notwithstanding the many good Laws before this Time made, and still in Force,

c*efiz. c.iz'.' prohibiting the Exportation of Leather out of this Realm, and the Penalty by those Acts im

S ei.z! c. 14.' C posed, by the Cunning and Subtlety of some Persons, and the Neglect of others who. ought to take Care 18 Eliz. C 9. 'thereof; there are such Quantities of Leather daily, exported to foreign Parts, that the Price of Leather, is grown to those excessive Rates, that many Artificers working Leather, cannot furnirti themselves with sufficient Store thereof, for the carrying on. of their Trades; and the poor Sort of People are not able to buy those Things made of Leather, which of Necessity they must make Use of: '

Bum, V 3 — 120. IL For Redress of which Griefs, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the what Skins or Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament

madynot beed assembled, That from and after the first Day of May now next ensuing, no Person or Persons whatsoever

transported. shall carry or transport, or causelo be. carried or transported, out of England into Scotland, Ireland, or into

Tanned Leather any of the Hies belonging to this Kingdom, or to any Parts beyond the Seas, the Skins or Hides tanned

"ortedor untanned of any Ox, Steer, Bull, Cow or Calf, otherwise, or in any other Manner, than is by this Scotland, 4c. present Act directed.

20 Cat. 2. C 5.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Skins or Hides aforesaid, The Penalty, which shall happen to be taken from any of the Beasts aforesaid, within any Island whatsoever, belonging to the Kingdom of England, (except Ireland) shall be transported out of that Island to any other Place, but into the Kingdom of England; (2) upon Pain of Forfeiture for every such Offence, double the Value of Skins or Hides so to. be transported out of the said Islands, or any of them, to any other Place than into the Kingdom of England, the same Forfeiture to be sued for and disposed as hereafter in this Act is directed.

Leather 1

IV. And for the better preventing of such Mischiefs as are intended to be remedied by this Act, Be it must be bought enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all red tanned Leather made of the Hides or Skins of any of the fairsormar Beasts aforesaid, of what Kind or Nature soever, shall be bought only in the open and common Fair or kets for selling Market used for the putting of Leather to Sale, and not in any House, tanner's Yard, Shop or other Th'per' Place whatsoever; on Pain that such Person or Persons that shall not accordingly do the same, shall e ena y. for every such Offence forfeit the same Leather, or the Value thereof, and the Contrast for the Sale thereof shall be void; (5) and all such Leather shall be searched and sealed by the Searchers and Sealers thereunto appointed, before the same be put to Sale, and upon such Sale mail be registered, and a true Entry thereof made both by the Buyer and Seller, who are both to be present at such registring thereof, and boththeir Names and Places of Abode entered into the Book of the said Register; Pain that every such Buyer or Seller that shall not accordingly do the same, shall for every such Offence forfeit the same Lea, or the Value thereof, and the Forfeiture shall be recovered and employed in such Manner, as here after in this Act is directed.

Penalty for, V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be found 1 'trjnfrorfationj guilty of the transportatioji of any Leather or raw Hides of any of the Beasts aforesaid, (excepting such or raw Hide Calve skins and Sheep skins, dressed without the Wool, as by Law may be transported) contrary to the Y Provision of this Act; he shall from thenceforth be disabled to trade or deal in Leather for the future;

(2) and shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be sued for, and disposed. as hereafter in this Act is directed

& 6, Ed. 6.'

VI. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the pro

i hibiting the Transportation of any Leather made into Boots, Shoes or Slippers, but that the same may C s, 3' be transported; any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

wso fnay ftafch

VII. And be it further enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for and seizelea xhe respective, Mailers and Wardens of the Cordwainers, Sadlers, Girdlers and Curriers of the City of intende^tob's London, and their Deputies, and all Customers, Comptrollers, Farmers oftcuftpms, Supervifofs, Search

tra»fp.iited, 0 8. ers?

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 7^: 8., 23-5

ers, and other Officers belonging to the Customs, and to and fr all Justices of the Peace, Mayors, and chief Officers of Corporations, 'within this Realm, Dominion of (Vales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, from Time to Time, as well by Land as Water, to search for and seize any Leather, or raw Hides, wrought or unwrought, cut or uncut, packed up or unpacked, intended or purposed to be transported by any Person or Persons into any the parts beyond the Seas, or into Scotland, other than Calve skins and sheep skins as aforesaid..

' And whereas diverse Tanners do shave, cut and rake their upper leather hides all over, and shaving of Lea ' the Necks of their Backs and Butts, to the great' impairing thereof, and the extreme Prejudice of the there bytanner*.*Kingdom; '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Tanner, who after the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, shall commit any such offence as aforesaid, shall forfeit all the said.leather, Backs, Butts or calve skins The Penalty, so fnaved, cut or raked, of the Value thereof, and it shall be lawful for the Searchers and Sealers of Leather to seize the same. - '.it

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Market for Leather in Leaden hall in London, shall be kept on Leaden hail,: the Tuesday, as now it is; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.' - London.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures, and How the penal every Sum and Sums of Money, for any Offence or Offences herein before mentioned, shall be recovered ties shall hereby Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be brought for the same in any Court or Courts at covei'ed* Westminster, or in any Court or Courts of Record in the City; Town, County or Place where the said

Offence shall be committed, wherein no Wager of Law, Protection or Essoin shall be admitted, neither shall the same be removed out of the said County, City or Town Corporate; (2) the one Half of the said Forfeitures to be to the fife of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half thereof to the Use of the Informer or Informers that shall sue for the same.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all such, Exportation or Transportation of any Hides or Transportation Leather contrary to this Act, is hereby adjudged and declared to be a common and public Nuisance. of Leather de

XII. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed, to prohibit the carrying ^r|?^econimon

or conveying of any such Hides or Leather which shall, be used or employed for the necessary Use or Pro Leather for northeast vision of any Ship or Vessel in any Voyage beyond the Seas, and which final] not be sold in any Foreign cdtary ureof Parts, so as the Number do not exceed six raw Hides, and three tanned Hides. Ships mvoy

XIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and 3ses.'

every Artificer dealing in cutting of Leather, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall hereafter incurring of buy any red tanned Leather within the City of London, or three Miles thereof, hall before, the next Leather in Lon market day within the said Place for Sale of Leather, give Notice thereof to one or more of the Com d°n.or within pany of Curriers' then exercising - using the Art and Mystery of a Currier within the said City, of Lon thereat.' " don, and three Miles thereof, and within three Weeks, after such Notice shall deliver, or cause to be de. the said Leather so bought, except such Part thereof as shall be used for Soals without being Curried, Tallowed or Dressed, unto the said Currier or Curriers to whom such Notice was given, to the Intent that the same may be Curried, Tallpwed or otherwise Dressed, as is directed and appointed by one Act made in the first Year of King 'james, Chapter twenty second, touching the Duty of Tanners, Curl Jac. riers, shoe makers and others; (2) upon Penalty of the Forfeiture of six Shillings eight Pence for every Back, Butt, Hide or Calve ikin so bought and not delivered as aforesaid, for the Uses, and to be recovered, as aforesaid. f ..

XIV. And whereas it is enacted amongst, other Things, by the said Act: made in the first. Year of, j3ci iici JZ( Kins James, That no Person or Persons fbajlfry.any Means occupy, or put in any made Wares within §.14.';

the City of London, or three Miles of the fapie City, any curried Leather, before the same, shall be leat.hcr ufec! in searched and allowed by the Wardens of the Curriers of London for the Time being, or such Persons wltwnthree as they shall thereto assign, and be sealed.with a Seal therefore to be prepared; upon Pain that every Miles, to be shoe maker and other Artificer Cutter of Leather, offending against that Article, should forfeit for every jiarc^ a, ?d al Hide or Skin otherwise curried or employed as [is aforesaid, rfix Shillings eight Pence, and the Value of wakens of the every such Hide or Skin; '- (-2) Be it therefore, further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Curriers there. Master and Wardens of the Company of Curriers for the time.being, or such Persons as they shall there The Penalty, to assign, shall from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times in the daytime, enter into any ware house. Shop, Cellar or other Place within the said City of London, or three miles of the same City, 'belonging unto any of the said Cordwainers, Sadlers, girdlers, or other Person or Persons, being Artificers dealing in cutting Leather, and in the Presence of any two or more of them, to search for, and seize all such Leather intended to be prohibited to be: used by the said Clause, Branch or Article, as aforesaid, as also forall Wares made of such Leather; (3) and if any such Person or Persons, Artificers or Dealers as aforfe said, shall oppose, or refuse to permit the said Master and Wardens of the Company of Curriers, or such Persons as they shall thereto assign, to make any such Search or Seizure as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds for the Uses, and to be recovered, as aforesaid;

(4) and if any of the said Artificers and Dealers in cutting of Leather, do refuse to be present with the Penalties for of laid Searchers, whensoever the same shall be desired by. the said Master and Wardens of the Company' posing the of the Curriers, or such Persons thereto assigned fry them as aforesaid, then for every such Default the searchlns persons so refilling shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for the Uses, and to be recovered, as aforesaid Farth" Pnrop

Ttr rn rr *- 1 .'OKS yclatltlp mlcp

to, I»M, sejj. I. C 33, 9 Ann, C 6 & n, io Ann, C 26. iz Ann, stz. C 3 Geo. i. C 4. 5 Gj: o, i, C 2. and, la Geo. z, C 25,

Cap. VIII

An Act for Distribution of threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truly Loyal and Indigent Commission

Officers, and for assessing of Offices, and distributing the monies: thereby raised for their further Supply

EXP. 22 & 23 Car, 2. cap. zi, >.

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Relief of poor and maimed, Officers and Soldiers, who have faithfully servedhis Majesty.., his Royal Father in the late Wars.

he rth money.

CAP. X

repcaud by A CL for establishing an additional Revenue upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better

j W. Sc M, Seif. 1. C io

Support of his and their Crown and Dignity.

CAP. XI.

CAP. XI.

An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs

Forasmuch as it appears, that several unlawful and indirect Means and Devices are daily put in ju Practice, to export and import Goods and Merchandizes prohibited by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, as also to Defraud the King's moll: Excellent Majesty of his Dues, Customs and Subii dies, as' well by secret and deceitful Designs, as by open Force and Violence used against the King's Majesty's Officers employed in the Affairs of the Customs: '

II. For the better Preventing of which Frauds and Violences in Time to come, it is enacted and ordained by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual from beyond the and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembledj and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority eas at save tjiereofj That no Ship or Vessel arriving from the Parts beyond the Seas, shall be above three Days coming from Gravesend to the Place of her Discharge (within the River of Thames)' without touching or staying at any Wharf, Key or Place adjoining to either Shore between Gravesend and chester's Key, (unless apparently hindered by contrary Winds, Draught of water, or other just Impediment, to be allowed by

11 Car. 2. C 19.

Ships and vessels arriving

end

Burn, V i.-319,

True Entries of lading to be

The Penalty.

The Duty of Captains, Ma

such Person or Persons as are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, the Collectors Inwards, or other principal Officers of the Customs)) and then or before, the Mailer or Purser (for that Voyage) of such Ship or Vessel, shall make a just and true Entry upon Oath of the burr madeuponoath. t]lenj Contents and Lading of every such Ship or Vessel, with the particular Marks, Numbers, Qualities and Contents of every Parcel of Goods therein laden, to the best of his Knowledge also where and in what Port she took in her Lading, of what Country built, 'how manned, who was Mailer during the Voyage, and who are Owners thereof; (3) and in all Out ports or Members, to come directly up to the Place of Unlading, as the Condition of the Port requires and will admit, and making Entries, as aforesaid, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Captain, Master, Purser, or any other Person or Persons taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel bound for the Parts beyond the Seas, or into faktrigchargerof the Kingdom of Scotland, whether the same Ship or Vessel shall have Commission from or belong unto Ships and vtf the King's Majesty that now is, his Heirs or Successors, or shall belong to or have Commission from any (else bound for foreign Prince or State, or otherwise, shall take in, or suffer to be taken into, or laden aboard any such Seas! en - e Ship or Vessel, apy englishgooas, Wares or Merchandise, to be exported into the Parts beyond the To take in no Seas, or into the Kingdom of Scotland, until such Captain, Master, Purser or other Person as aforesaid, gods shan have entered such Ship or Ships in the Book of the Commissioners, Customer or Collector and comp of be made av*" tr°mer Outwards of such Port where he shall load or take in Goods, together with the Name of such the custom Captain or Master, the Burden of such Ship or Vessel, the Number of Guns and Ammunition she car house. ries, 'and to what Port or Place she intends to pass or fail; (z) and before he or they shall depart with his or: their Ship or Vessel out of such Port or Place, shall bring and deliver unto the said Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of such Port or Place, a Content in Writing under Iris or their Hands, of the Names of every Merchant, and other Person or Persons that shall have laden and put on board any such Ship or Vessel, any such Goods or Merchandise, together with the Marks and Numbers of such Goods. and Merchandise; (3) and shall likewise publicly in the open customhouse, upon his corporal Gath, to the best of his Knowledge, have answered to such Question or Questions as shall be demanded of him by the said Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, the Customer or Collector and Comptroller, or their Deputies, concerning such Goods and Merchandise Ships or Vessels as shall be aboard such Ship or Vessel; (4) upon Pain: of Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds: (5) And of War bringing that no such Captain, Master, Purser, or other Person or Persons taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel of Goods. War, as aforesaid, wherein any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes shall have been laden or brought from the Ports beyond the Seas, or out of the Realm of Scotland, shall unload or put on Board any Lighter, Boat or Bottom, or lay on Land, or suffer to be discharged or put into any Lighter, Boat or Bottom, or to be laid on Land, out of any Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatsoever, before such Captain, Master, Purser, or other Person taking Charge of the Ship or Merchants Goods for that Voyage, as aforesaid, shall have signified and declared in Writing under his or their Hands, unto the Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, the Customer or Collector and Comptroller Inwards of the Port where he arriveth, the Names of every Merchant or Lader of any Goods or Merchandizes aboard the said Ship or Vessel, together with the Number and Marks, and the Quantity and Quality of every Parcel of Goods and Merchandizes, to the best of his Knowledge, and shall have answered upon his or their corporal Oath, to such Questions concerning such Goods and Merchandizes, as shall be publicly administered unto him in the open customhouse, by such Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed for managing the Customs, Customer or Collector and Comptroller, or their Deputies, and shall be liable to all Searches and other Rules which Merchants Ships are subject unto, by the Usage of his Majesty's customhouse Victualling bills and

entring

237

Entering excepted) upon Pain to forfeit one hundred Pounds; (6) and upon Refusal to make such Entries as aforesaid, as well Outwards as Inwards, the said Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed for managing the Customs, and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and their Deputies, shall and may freely enter and go on Board all and every such Ship or vessel of War, and bring from thence on Shore into his Majesty's store house belonging to the Port where such Ship shall be, all Goods and Merchandizes prohibited or uncustomed, which shall be found aboard any such Ship, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it hereby enacted, That the said Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed for The Power of managing the Customs, and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and their Deputies, are hereby authorised ofrjcers for ma and enabled to go and enter aboard any Ship or Vessel, as well Ships of War as Merchant ships, and from flom"sto enter' thence to bring on Shore all Goods prohibited or uncustomed, except Jewels, if they be Outwards bound; and search Ships (2) and if they be Ships or Vessels Inwards bound, from thence to bring on Shore into his Majesty's store andve(r: ls house, as aforesaid, all small Parcels of fine Goods, or other Goods, which shall be found in Cabbins, Chests,

Trunks or other small Package, or in any private or secret Place, in or out of the Hold of the Ship or vessel, which may occasion a just Suspicion that they were intended to be fradulently conveyed away; (3) and all other Sorts of Goods whatsoever, for which the Duties of Tonnage and Poundage were not paid or compounded for within twenty Days after the first Entry of the Ship, to be put and remain in the store house aforesaid, until his Majesty's Duties thereupon be justly satisfied, unless the said Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, and Officers of the Customs, shall see just Cause to allow a longer Time, and that the said Person or Persons which are or shall be so appointed to manage the Customs, and the Officers of the Customs, and their Deputies, may freely stay and remain aboard, until all the Goods are delivered and discharged out of the said Ships or Vessels; And if any Master, Purser or Boatswain, or other taking Charge in any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person whatsoever, shall suffer any Truss, Bale, Pack, Fardel, Calk or other Package to be opened aboard the said Ship or vessel, and the Goods therein to be imbezilled, carried away, or put in any other Form or Package, after the Ship comes into the Port of her Discharge, in every such Case the said Master, Purser, Boatswain or others, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case after the Clearing of any Ship or poods concealed Vessel, by the Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by Iris Majesty for managing the Customs, in any Ship after or any their Deputies, and discharging the Watchmen or Tidesmen from Attendance thereupon, there clear, ns

shall be found on board such Ship or Vessel, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, which have been concealed from the Knowledge of the said Person or Persons which are or shall be so appointed to manage the Customs, and for which the Custom, Subsidy and other Duties due upon the Importation thereof, have not been paid; then the Master, Purser or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds: (2) And it shall be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, authorised The Penalty, by Writ of Assistance under the Seal of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to take a Constable, Headbo w </*>] f.' / rough or other public Officer inhabiting near unto the Place, and in the daytime to enter, and go into y^ J any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse or Room, or other Place, and in Case of Resistance, to break open \xmdur Jcat 0 I ll Doors, Chests, Trunks and other Package, there to seize, and from thence to bring, any Kind of Goods £owri oc £* \ or Merchandise whatsoever, prohibited and uncustomed, and to put and secure the same in his Majesty's»'?

store house, in the Port next to the Place where such Seizure shall be made.

VI. And for the better Increase of Shipping and Navigation, Be it further enacted, That the Collectors An Account to and other Officers of his Majesty's Customs in all the Ports of England, shall forthwith give an Account be given of all unto the Collector and Surveyor in the Port of London, (appointed by his Majesty for all Duties and Matters ^[porteo/ln" relating to a late act, intituled, An Act for increasing and encouraging of Shipping and Navigation,) of all so ?and.or 3° ns reign built Ships in their Ports, owned and belonging to the People of England, of what Built and Burden

they are, for which Certificates have been made according to the said act, and that the said Collector and 11 ar' Cl8'

Surveyor shall make a true and perfect List of all such Ships attested under their Hands, and transmit the same into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, on or before the Month of December in the Year one thousand six hundred sixty and two, there to remain upon Record; (2) And that no foreign built Ship (that is to foreign builr say) not built in any of his Majesty's Dominions of Asia, Africa or America, or other than such as shall Ships not to (bona fide) be bought before the first of October one thousand six hundred sixty and two next ensuing, and kg7of ship by express, named in the said List, shall enjoy the Privilege of a Ship belonging to England or Ireland, although Jonging to eng owned or manned by English (except such Ships only as shall be taken at Sea by Letters of Mart orreprizal, land or Ireland, and Condemnation made in the Court of Admiralty, as lawful Prize) but all such Ships shall be deemed as Aliens Ships, and be liable unto all Duties that Aliens Ships are liable unto by Virtue of the said act for Increase of Shipping and Navigation. (3) And whereas it is required by the said act, that in (undry Cases the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners are to be English, it is to be understood, that any of his Majesty's Subjects of England, Ireland, and his Plantations, are to be accounted English, and no others, and that the Number of Mariners be accounted according to what they shall have been during the whole Voyage. (4) And whereas of late some of the Persons appointed by his Majesty for Managing the Customs, and the Officers of the Customs and their Deputies, have been hindered, affronted, abused, beaten aivj wounded, to the Hazard of their Lives, in the due Execution of their several Trusts and Services in their respective Places, by armed Companies and Multitudes of Men, and Goods prohibited and uncustomed' havebyforce and Violence, as well by Land as by Water, been forcibly carried and conveyed away; (j) thepunirtiment Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Officer or Officers shall be by any Person or Persons, armed with Club, or any Manner of Weapon, forcibly hindered, affronted, abused, beaten or wounded of thecuttoms. as aforesaid, either on board any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Land or Water, in the due Execution of their Office, all and every Person and Persons so refilling, affronting, abusing, beating or wounding the said Officer or Officers, or their Deputies, or such as shall at in their Aid or Assistance, shall by the next Justice of Peace, or other Magistrate, be committed to Prison, there to remain till the next Quarter sessions: (6)

And

Ns Goods to be water born, or landed, but in the Presence of some Officer of the Customs.

I Eliz. C II

The Penalty

And the Justices of the Peace of the said Quarter sessions shall and are hereby empowered to punish the Offender by Fine, not exceeding one hundred Pounds, and the Offender is to remain in Prison till he be discharged by Order of the Exchequer, both of the Fine and of the Imprisonment, or discover the Person that set him on work, to the End he may be legally proceeded against.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Keeper of any Wharf, Crane or Key, or their Servants, or any of them, shall take up or land, or knowingly suffer to be taken up or landed, or shall ship off, or suffer to be water born at or from any of their said Wharves, Cranes or Keys, any Goods, Wares or Merchandise prohibited, or whereof any Custom, Subsidy or other Duties are due and payable unto the King's Majesty, without the Presence of some of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs thereunto appointed, or at Hours and Times not appointed by Law (except in the Port of Hull, as in the Statute of the first Year of Queen Elizabeth, Chapter the Eleventh, is excepted, and not otherwise) or Goods passing by Certificates, Waste cocquet, or otherwise, without the Presence or Noticegiven to one or more of his Majesty's Officers; That in every such Case all and every such Warfinger and Keeper of such Wharf, Crane or Key, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; (2) and if any Goods or Merchandise shall be laden or taken in from the Shore, into any Bark, Hoy, Lighter, Barge, Wherry or Boat, to be carried aboard any Ship or Vesse! outwards bound for the Parts beyond the Seas, or laden or taken in from or out of any Ship or Vessel coming in and arriving from foreign Parts, without a Warrant, and the Presence of one or more Officers of the Customs; such Bark,;. Hoy, Lighter, Barge, Boat or Wherry, shall be forfeited and lost, and the Master, Purser, Boatswain, or other Mariner of any Ship inward bound, knowing and consenting thereunto, shall forfeit the Value of the Goods so unshipped: (3) And further, That in Case any Carman, Porter, Waterman or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall assist in the Taking up, Landing, Shipping off, or Carrying away any such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, that then such Carman, Porter, Waterman or other Person or Persons so offending, being apprehended by Warrant of any Justice of the Peace for that County, City or Borough, which the said Justices and every of them are hereby authorised to issue, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath concerning such Sass, and the same being proved by the Oath of two Witnesses, the said Offenders for such first Offence shall and may by such justice of the Peace be committed to the next Gaol, there to remain till he and they find.fufii cient Surety to be of the Good Behaviour for folong Time, until he and they shall be thereof discharged by the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor, Under Treasurer or Barons of the Exchequer; (4) and in Case he or they so convicted, shall afterwards at any Time offend in the like Kind, then he and they shall and may by any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, be committed to the next Gaol, there to remain for the Space of two Months without Bail or Mainprize, or until he shall pay unto the Sheriff of that County the Sum of five Pounds for the Use of his Majesty, or until he shall by the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor, Under treasurer or Court of Exchequer be thence discharged: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, shall be shipped or put on Board to be carried forth to the open Sea from any one Port, Creek or Member in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Port and Town of Berwick, to be landed at any other Place of this Realm, without a Sufferance or Warrant first had and obtained from the said Person or Persons, which ate or shall be appointed for managing the Customs, and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, all such Wares and Merchandizes shall be forfeited and lost; (6) and that the Master of every Ship or Vessel that shall lade or take in any such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, in any Port, Member or Creek within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town and Port of Berwick, to be landed a id discharged in some other Port, Member or Creek of the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town and Port of Berwick, shall before the Ship or Vessel be removed or carried out of the Port (where he shall take in his Lading) take out a Cocquet or Cocquets, and become bound to the King's Majesty with good Security, in the Value of the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes aforesaid, for Delivery and Discharge thereof in the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, or in some other Port or Place within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port and Town of Berwick, (7) and (the Dangers and Accidents of the Seas excepted) to return a Certificate within six Months after the Date of such Cocquet and Cocquets, under the Hands and Seals of the King's majesty's Officers, signed also by some of the said Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, or their Deputy or Deputies, in every respeffrive Ports, Members or Creeks where the lame shall be landed and discharged, to his Majesty's Officers of the Customs to whom such Security hath been given as aforesaid, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes were there landed and discharged accordingly, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture of the Bond and Security aforesaid.

Vlii. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Officer of any Port, Member or Creek, shall grant or make any fall'c Certificate of any Goods or Merchandizes which should have been landed out of any Ship or Vessel, That such Officer shall lose his Employment, and moreover forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and J suffer one year's Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize, and be incapable of serving his Majesty in any Place of Trust concerning his Customs, and be further liable to such corporal Punishment as the Court of > Exchequer shall think fit: (2) And if any Person whatsoever shall counterfeit, rafe or falsify any Cocquet, Certificate or Return, Transire, let pass, or any other customhouse Warrant, he shall forfeit one hundred Pounds, and the Cocquet, Certificate or Return shall be invalid and of none Effect: (;,) And if any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes brought or coming into any Port, Haven or Creek within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port and Town of Berwick, from any other Port, Haven or Creek, within the Kingdom of England or Dominions aforesaid, by Port cocquet, Transire, let pass or Certificate, in Ships or Vessels, shall be landed or put on shore before such Cocquet, Transire, let pass or Certificate shall be delivered to such Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing his Customs, the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port or Place of their Arrival, or to their Deputy or Deputies, 'and a Warrant or Sufferance made and given from such Person or Persons, Customer or Collector and Comptroller, or their Deputy and Deputies aforesaid, for the Landing and Discharging thereof.

Goods carried from one Port ro another in England or Wales.

Certificates are to be endorsed on chefe Bonds. I Annre, Stat. I. c. 26. §, 3,

Officers of any Port making f life Certificate.

The Penalty.

Counterfrit ng Cocquets, certi mites, C

The Penalty.

239

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, Goods secretly for which the Duties' of Subsidy or Custom are due and payable to the King's Majesty, shall be secretly con'ey!d be conveyed on Board any Ship or Vessel before the Custom and Subsidy thereof be duly answered and paid, customedun" aild shall escape the Discovery thereof by the Officers of the Customs or others, and be carried into the and undirco parts beyond the Seas; in such Case the Owners or Proprietors of such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, o«debyth* or other Person or Persons who shall have so shipped, or caused the same to be shipped and transported, cers'

shall forfeit the double Value of the Goods, computed according to the Book of Rates, except for Coal, The penalty,

which so secretly exported as aforesaid, shall pay double the Custom and Duty, to be cofledted and levied

in such Manner as by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage is directed and appointed. iicar.z. C 4.

X Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for Preventing of Frauds in colouring of Stran For preventing gers Goods, and otherwise, every Merchant or other passing any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, inwards Fra dsc° or outwards, shall by himself or his known Servant, Factor or Agent, subscribe one of his Bills of every g^cfooda3.11* Entry, with the Mark, Number and Contents of every Parcel of such Goods as are rated to pay by the Piece

or Measure, and Weight of the whole Parcel of such Goods as are rated to pay by the Weight, without which the Officers of the Customs shall not suffer any Entry to pass; and that no Children of Aliens under the Age of twenty-one Years, be permitted to be Traders, or any Goods or Merchandizes to be entered in their Names.

XI. Be it also hereby enacted, That upon any Actions, Suits and Informations that shall be brought, There shall be commenced, or entered upon any Law or Statute concerning the King's majesty's Subsidies of Tonnage and fff1/ Poundage, or Ships or Goods to be forfeited by Reason of unlawful importation or Exportation, there shall concerning Cu*not be any Party jury, but such only as are the natural and freeborn Subjects of the King, his Heirs or stoms. Successors.

XII. And whereas Allowance is given to Merchants and others for Defects and Damages upon Goods, Allowances for '.and five percent, generally upon all Goods imported, and twelve per Centum upon Wines; 'every mer chant or others having the aforesaid Allowances inwards, shall in Person, upon Oath by himself or by his howto be mads', known Servant or Factor, demand and receive the Moneys due upon Debentures for such foreign Goods exported by Certificate, with such Abatements and Allowances as were made and given to him upon the Importation; (2) and if he be found fraudulently to ship out less in Quantity or Value than is expressed in his Certificate, the Goods therein mentioned, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and the Owner or Merchant shall lose the Benefit of receiving back any Part of the Subsidy for those Goods; (3) and if any Goods shipped out by Certificate as aforesaid, shall be landed again in the same, or any other Port or Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town and Port of Berwick (unless in Case of distress to save the Goods from peri shing, which shall be presently made known to the Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty to manage his Customs, and principal Officers of the Port) no Allowance shall be demanded or made for those Goods, and the said Goods or Value thereof shall be forfeited and lost.

XIII. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares or Merchandise, that Goods brought shall be brought out of or carried into the Kingdom of Scotland by Land, into or out of the Kingdom of from, or carried England, Dominion of Wales or Port and Town of Berwick, shall pass and be carried by and through some La of the Towns and Passages hereafter named, (that is to say) by and through Berwick or Carlisle, and then through ber and there pay the Custom and Subsidy granted and due to the King's Majesty, by an Act of this present wick or Carlisle. Parliament, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable, Gar. 2. C 4, upon Merchandise exported and imported; (2) and if any Goods, Wares or Merchandise prohibited or un customed, coming out of Scotland into England, or going out of England into Scotland, shall pass by or beyond the Towns, Ports and Places aforenamed, without due Entry and Payment of the Customs, That then all such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost.

XIV. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament in the first Year of Queen Elizabeth, of famousme jeliz.e. n.

mory, directing when and where Merchandise shall be landed and Customs paid, it is amongst diverse other when and where Things enacted and ordained, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be shipped or loaden aboard jsde, r, a, nd feh

any Ship or vessel, or landed or discharged out of or from any Ship or Vessel, but in or upon some such Ifi custom 3 4 open Place, Key or Wharf, Places, Keys or Wharves, (except the Port of Hull) as her Highness, her Heirs paid.

and Successors (hold therefore affien and appoint by Virtue of her Highness Commission or Commissions within the Port of London, and in all Ports, Creeks, Havens or Roads; as in and by the said Act doth and may at large appear: (2) And whereas, notwithstanding the aforesaid Act, there are some Ports,

Creeks and Places, where Customers, Collectors and Comptrollers and Searchers and their Servants, had then, Time out of Mind, been resident, to which no such Commissions were sent, nor Places, Keys nor Wharves appointed, as by the said Act was directed: whereas also since that Time, by Reason of the Alteration of Rivers, Streams, Channels and Sands, some Places then appointed are become unfit and useless, and others much more convenient and commodious, as well for Traffic and Commerce as for

Landing and Discharging, Lading and Shipping of Goods, Wares and Merchandise; '(3) It is enacted and ordained, and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the King's Majesty may from Time to Time by his Highness Commission or Commissions out of his Court of Exchequer, assign and appoint all such further Places, Ports, Members and Creeks, (except the Town of Hull) as shall be lawful for the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise,

within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of vales or Port or Town of Benvici upon Tivced, and to what ancient and Head Ports remectively such Places, Members or Creeks shall belong and appertain: (4)'

And where any such Member, Creek or Place shall be so (as aforesaid) appointed by Virtue of the said Commission or Commissions, the Customer, Collector, Comptroller and Searcher of the Head pert, shall by themselves or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, Servant or Servants, reside and inhabit, for the Efl

' tring, Clearing and Passing, Shipping and Discharging ofcships, Goods and Merchandise; (5) and by

'virtue,

240 C II. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

Virtue of the aforesaid Commission or Commissions, may likewise set down and appoint the Extents, Bounds and Limits of every Port, Haven or Creek within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of ifales and Town and Port of Berwick, whereby the Extents, Limits and Privileges of every Port, Haven or Creek, may be ascertained and known: (6) And it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to lade or put, or cause to be laden or put off or from any Key, Wharf or other Place on the Land into any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat or Bottom, any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatsoever, (Fish taken by his Majesty's Subjects, sea coal, Stone and Bestials only excepted) to be transported into any Place of the Parts beyond the Seas, or carried by Land into the Realm of Scotland, (7) or to take up, discharge or lay on Land, or cause or procure to be taken up, discharged and laid on Land, out of any Boat, Lighter, Ship, Vessel or Bottom (being not in Leak or Wreck) any Goods, Wares, Merchandise whatsoever (Fish taken by his Majesty's Subjects, Bestials and Salt only excepted,) to be brought from any of the Parts beyond the Seas, or by Land from the Realm of Scotland, by way of Merchandise, but only upon such open Place, Key or Wharf, Places, Keys or Wharves, as his Majesty shall from Time to Time assign and appoint by Virtue of such Commission and Commissions as aforesaid, in his Majesty Port of London, and the Members and Liberties thereof, in any other Port, Place, Member or Creek, within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town and Port of Berwick, without special Sufferance and Leave first had from the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Customs; the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, for avoiding C

XV. And forasmuch as it doth appear by daily Experience, That there are great Practises and com fwe^owne rs ' kindtions between the Importers and Owners ot Goods and Merchandizes, and the Seizers and in cfgoodsandin formers, with Design and Intent to defraud the Force of the Law, and his Majesty of his Duties and formers, to avoid Customs; '(z) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares or stoms^none to Merchandise, shall be seized as forfeited, for or by Reason of unlawful Importation or Exportation, into fcizea ry Goods or out of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of ifales or Port and Town of Berwick, or any the Ports, but officers of Members or Creeks thereunto belonging, or for not Payment of any Customs or Subsides now due or heretic Cuttcms. after to be due and payable to his Majesty, but by the Person or Persons who are or shall be appointed by his Majesty to manage his Customs, or Officers of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as shall be deputed and authorised thereunto by Warrant from the Lord Treasurer or Under treasurer, or by special Commission from his Majesty under the Great or Privy Seal: (3) And if any Seizure shall hereafter be made by any other Person or Persons whatsoever for any the Causes aforesaid, such Seizure shall be void and of none Effect; any Statute, Law, Act: or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

In any Suit a

XVI. And be it further enacted_ by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Action, Suit, Indictment,

gainst persons 'Information or Prosecution, wherein or whereby the Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by t!tepcuyftomsout his Majesty for managing his Customs or the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or any Officer or Officers, the Defendant Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty to put in Execution the Act of Parliament, For increasing may plead the and encouraging of Navigation, their Deputies or Servants, or any others adding in Aid of them, have I? c^r »1 cis keent are or shall be sued, indicted, prosecuted or molested, it shall be lawful for all and every the fid Persons, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, to plead the General Issue, and to give this or the

And give this aforesaid Acts of Parliament relating to the Customs and Navigation, in Evidence, in any of his Majesty's

relating to^u Qourts f Justice, or other Courts where the said Matter shall be depending; and the Judges of the said flams, or Navi Courts are hereby strictly enjoined and required to admit the same, and to acquit and indemnify them gationinevi and every of them of and from all such Suits, Indjdtments, Informations or Prosecutions, for or con tier.ee. cerning any Matter or Thing acted or done in the due and necessary Performance and Execution of their respective Trusts and Employments therein.

For avoiding XVII Be it hereby also enacted, for avoiding of fraudulent Compositions, That if any Seizer, in foriher or Officer as aforesaid, shall not prosecute to Effect for the Bringing to Trial and Condemnation the Ships, Goods and Merchandise by them seized or informed against; That then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful to or for any of the Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for managing his Customs, or the Officers of the Customs, or other Person or Persons deputed by them, or thereunto authorised by the Lord Treasurer or Under treasurer, to make Seizure of or inform against such Goods and Merchandise, or bring his Action for the same by way of Devenerunt, and that they shall be esteemed and adjudged in Law as the true first Informers and Seizers, and have the Benefit of such Informers or Seizers; any Law, Statute, Actor Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:

And that no Informer or Officer be suffered to compound under one Third of the appraised Value, upon Loss of his Office

XIX. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the King's majesty's Officers or other Persons appointed to manage his Majesty's Customs, Searchers, Waiters or other Person or Persons whatsoever deputed and appointed by and under them or any of them, or any other Authority whatsoever, and employed in or about the Affairs of the King's Customs and Subsidies, shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Bribe, Recompense or Reward in any Kind whatsoever, or connive at any false Entry of any Goods or Merchandizes, whereby the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be defrauded or hindered in or of his Customs and Subsidies, or other Sums of Money or Goods prohibited by the Law to be imported or exported into or out of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ifales, Town and Port of Berwick, be suffered to pass either by way of Importation or Exportation, the Person

tjicpenalty, or Persons therein offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and be for ever afterwards incapable of any Office or Employment under the King's Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or any Authority derived from them; (z) as also the Merchant, Mariner or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall give or pay any such Bribe, Recompense or Reward as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons offending as aforesaid, shall reveal and

make

petitions by informers,

Wo Person employed about managing the Customs may take any Bribe or Reward to connive at any Entry.

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 11. 241

3iake known such his or their Offence in two Months Time to the Treasurer of England, the Chancellor, revest. Under treasurer or Barons of the Exchequer, he shall for that Offence be clearly acquitted and discharged. offeoces within

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all foreign Goods and Merchandise, which by the Person or twom ir.ths, 10 Persons which are or shall be appointed by his Majesty for the Managing of the Customs, and the Custo be ac<jmn<v mer, Colledlorand Comptroller, shall be permitted to be landed and taken up by Bills at Sight, Bills at Foreign Good) View, or Sufferance, shall be landed at the moult convenient Keys or Wharves where the said Person or where ro K persons lo to be appointed Customer or Collector or Comptroller shall appoint, and not elsewhere, and

there or in his Majesty's store house of the respective Ports, at the Election of the Paid Person or Persons nuir!b; rci, so to be appointed, and the Officers, shall be measured, weighed and number'd, by and in the Presence of the Officers to be thereunto particularly appointed; (2) which said Officers so appointed, shall perfect the Entry, and thereunto shall subscribe their Names, and the next Day following shall give Account, and make Report of every respective Entry so perfected as aforesaid, to the said Person or Persons which we or shall be appointed to manage his Majesty's Customs, Customer or Collector and Comptroller aforesaid, without reasonable Cause to be allowed by the said Person or Persons, or Officers aforesaid. in Default thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXII. Be it also enacted, That no Ship, Vessel or Boat, appointed and employed ordinarily for the vefleu appoir t carriage of Letters and Packets, shall (unless it be in such Cases as shall be allowed by the said Person letu^/mtv not 'or Persons which are or shall be appointed to manage his Majesty's Customs, or Officers aforesaid) im import noi ex port or export any Goods or Merchandise into or out of the Parts beyond the Seas, upon the Penalty of me. chau the F orfeiture of one hundred Pounds to be paid by the Master of the said Vessel or Boat, with the Loss dlze"

of his Place, and all Goods and Merchandise that shall be found on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be forfeited and lost.

XXIII. And whereas some Doubts and Disputes have arisen concerning the said late Act, For in An Explanation creosing and encouraging of Shipping and Navigation, about some of the Goods therein prohibited to be °( o/doorfs brought from Holland and the Parts and Ports thereabouts; '(2) Be it enacted and declared, That no prohibited to be Sort of Wines, (other than Rhenifo) no Sort of Spicery, Grocery, Tobacco, Pot allies, Pitch, Tar, brought from Salt, Rozin, Deal boards, Sir, T imber, or Olive oil, shall be imported into England, jfales or Bern, 0partd(epeaied wick, from the Netherlands or Germany, upon any Pretence whatsoever, in any Sort of Ships or Vessels by 6 Geo. 1. whatsoever. upon Penalty of the Loss of all the said Goods, as also of the Ships and Furniture. C 15. §. 1.

XXIV. And whereas also by the said Acts, For increasing and encouraging of Shipping and Navigation, j2. car. 2. C 1?.

an Imposition of five Shillings per Tonne is laid upon all Ships or Vessels belonging to any Subjects of the imposition of French King, which shall come into any Port, Harbour, Creek or Road of England, Ireland, tfales, or

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall there lade or unlade any Goods, or take in or seton Shore any vejrei3.jnc Passengers, yet notwithstanding the re is great Difficulty in recovering the said Duty, because small shall

come not into Harbours where Officers are, but either put their Goods and Passengers on Shore,

or Boats come out of Harbours, which privately convey them on Shore, there being no Penalty in the Act against such Offenders; '(2) Be it therefore enacted, That any such Ship or vessel upon which How to be retire above said Imposition of five Shillings per Tonne is due and payable, which shall either put on Shore, covered, and the or put over into any Boat, any Goods or Passengers without. Pajmient of Custom and Imposition 0f1>enalty tonnage, at any Time returning into any Harbour, Port or Creek, of England or Ireland, shall not only pay the Duties formerly due, but forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds: (3) And whatsoever Pilot, Waterman or Boatman, which shall from any Harbour, Port or Creek, go out and bring any Goods from on

Board such Vessel, shall not only be liable to pay the Duty of Tonnage which the said Vessel should have paid, but forfeit the Sum of forty. Pounds.

XXV. Be it also hereby enacted, That Vinegar, Perry, Rape, Cyder and Cyder eager, of any Sort Tonnage upon

or Kind whatsoever, imported from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hun vinegar. Perry,

dred sixty and two, from foreign Parts, is hereby rated to pay to the King's Majesty a Subsidy of Tonne ^'/cvder "' nage of four Pounds ten Shillings per Tonne imported by English, and six Pounds imported by Strangers, eager to the Rate already imposed and set upon French Wines, to be collected and levied for such Time and in such Manner as by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage is directed and appointed; and the same are by Virtue of this act exonerated and discharged of all further and other Sums heretofore fetor charged upon those Commodities, by or under the Name of Subsidy or Poundage; and in Case of Exportation, there shall be repaid and allowed to the Englishmen Exporter, the Sum of three Pounds ten Shillings per Tonne, and to the Alien four Pounds fifteen Shilling per Tonne, to be repaid according to the Rules of the Book of Rates now established.

XXVI. And whereas the ingenious Industry of these Times hath taught the Dyers of England the j ogwoo.j 0.

1 Art of fixing the Colours made of Logwood alias Blockwood, so as that by Experience they are found niockv.ood.

as lading and serviceable as the Colours made with any other Sort of Dying wood whatsoever < And whereas by a Statute made in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth of famous elu.c, q.

Memory, intituled. Logwood and Blockwood shall not be used in Dying of Cloth, C And by another Statute made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the aforesaid Queen Elizabeth, (entitled, The Penalty ^qzyn. C in for.mixing or uji iig oj Logwood in Dying Cloth or aether Stuff) all Logwood alias Blockwood, that shall be '

f found, within this Kingdom, shall be forfeited, and openly burned, with diverse other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, upon such as shall use the same in Dying Cloth or other Commodities, as by the said several Acts aforesaid may and doth appear: '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Statutes, and either of them, be and are hereby repealed and made void as to all Clauses, Articles, Provisions and Penalties in any wise relating to the Prohibition or Use of Logwood alias Blockwood: (3) And that from and after the first Day of February one thousand six hundred sixty and one., it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, freely to import into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town and Port of Berwick upon Tweed, any Quantities of Logwood alias Von. Ill, I i Blockwood, -

242 G. 11. Anno decimo tertio 8cquarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

Blockwood, and freelyto use the same in Dying or Colouring any Sort of Goods or Manufacture what V soeverj the aforesaid two Statutes, or any other Law, Statute, Usage, Custom, Patent of Privilege, Pro t clamation or other Restraint, Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. XXVII Provided, That such Importation be according to the Rules prescribed and enjoined in the.

Imposition upon Logwood imported.

12 Car. 2. C 18.

la Car. C 4.

LI Car. 1. c. 18.

8 Ann. C 7. §.63.

Onus Prohandi of Property of Goods claimed to lie upon the Owner or Ciaimer.

mine Witnesses beyond the Sea.

In what Cases Writs of Delivery may be granted.

late Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Skipping and Navigation, (2) and baying a Subsidy to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Tonne of the said Logwood alias block wood, so to be imported, after the Rate of live Pounds, and after that Rate for any greater or Idler Quail, tity, according to such Rules; (3) and under such Penalties, as a: e provided for all other imported Goods, in a late act, intituled, An Act of Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and otbir Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandise exported and imported, excepting only that for all of the said Commodities exported according to the Rules of the Book of Rates, there shall be repaid to the Exporter the Sum of four Pounds per Tonne; the said Rate for Logwood alias Blockwood, to be collected and levied for such Time, and in such Manner, as by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage is directed and appointed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Informations, to be had and com ciaimers to give menced upon the Act For encouraging and increasing oj' Shipping and Navigation, or any Clause or Article, ^jcuutyo 30. t]lere; nj may be entered and prosecuted in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at ivefhnbijhr, (2) That

upon all such Suits and Informations to be brought upon the act of Tonnage and Poundage, and the as aforesaid, or any other Actor Statute concerning the Importation of Goods or Merchandise from the Parts beyond the Seas, if the Property thereof be claimed by any Person or Persons as the Importer' thereof; in such Case Onus Probandi shall lie upon the Owner or Ciaimer thereof.

XXIX. Provided, That in Case the Seizure or Information shall be made upon any Clause or Tiling contained in the late Add, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,

1- Car 18 t^lat tentie Defendant or Defendants shall on his or their Request have a Commission out of the High Cjm million and Court of Chancery to examine Witnesses beyond the Seas, and have a competent Time allowed for die Time to exa Return thereof before any Trial shall be had upon the Case, according to the Distance of Place where such Commission or Commissions are to be executed, and that the Examination of Witnesses so returned shall be admitted for Evidence in Law at the Trial, as if it had been given Viva voce by the Examinate in Court; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it also enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ of Delivery shall be granted out of the Court of Exchequer for Goods seized, but upon good Security, and that for Goods perishable only, or in Cases where the Informer shall defer or delay his coming to as speedy a Trial as the Course of that Court will permit, and shall be thereby ordered and directed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all the Forfeitures before in this Act mentioned and appointed shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall seize or sue for the same by Bill, Plaint or Information in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or any other his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted and ordained. That all Officers belonging to the Admiralty, Captains and Commanders of Ships, Sorts, Castles and block houses, as also all Justices of thcpeace, Mayors,

«ers"and Persons Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables and Headborciughs, and all the King's majesty's Officers, Ministers and for Management Subjects whatsoever whom it may concern, shall be aiding and assisting to all and every Person and Persons of the Customs. whjcj, are or shall be appointed by his Majesty to manage his Customs, and the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and their respective Deputies, in the due Execution of all and every Act and Thing in and by this present Act required and enjoined, and all such who shall be aiding and aftilting unto them in the due Execution hereof, shall be defended and fared harmless by Virtue of this Act.

Cterlo and Ser

XXXIII. And be it hereby also enacted, That all Deputies, Clerks and Servants, which now have or customs°to be hereafter shall have any Place or Office in or about the Customs and Subsidies by and under the C0111-sworn for their missioners, or other the King's Officers thereof, shall before the first Day of June next take their respective corporal Oath and Oaths for the true and faithful Execution and Discharge, to the belt of their Knowledge and Power, of their several Trusts and Employments committed to their Charge and Inspection: (2) And that no Person or Persons shall hereafter be employed or.put in Trust in the Business of the Customs, until he shall first have taken his Oath as aforesaid; the Commissioners and Principal Officers in the Port of London, and the Principal Officers in all other the Out ports, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer and give to all and every Person or Persons such Oath and Oaths as aforesaid, and to cause the same to be entered and registered in the customhouse of every respective Port where tyre Person so taking the Oath as aforesaid shall have his Residerice and Employment.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person employed in his Majesty's Customs, shall demand or take any other or greater Sum of Money than by Law is now due, or hereafter shall become due, or shall put any Merchant or other Person out of his Turn, with 1 out express Order before, or immediate Approbation after, from the Person or Persons who are or shall be appointed by his Majesty to manage his Customs, or the Superior Officers for the Customs, or shall illegally i detain the Goods of any Person, or shall neglect or refuse to make Repayments and Allowances which are or shall be due since the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and sixty, or shall not, after Notice given, give out and execute his Warrant, shall be liable to double Costs and Damages.

XXXV. And for the better Increase of good and serviceable Shipping, and securing the public Trade mcroiiimsships ant] Commerce, (2) be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Merchant or other per flnii southeast, ind P Ion, that shall after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred sixty and two ex wtiit Men and port any Goods or Merchandizes from any Port of this Kingdom, capable of a Ship or Veiled of two thetflwucmy hundred Tonne upon an ordinary full Sea, to any Part or Place of the Mediterranean Sea beyond the Port

of Malaga, or import any Goads or Merchandise from the Ports or Places aforesaid, to any Port of this

4.'Lid

All Officers and Persons to be aiding the offi

Truth and

I'aitbfulness

ttierq.n.

Persons em jsloytd about the Customs shall not demand nor take any more than the Fees due by Law.

Of what She and burjeia

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 12. 243

said Kingdom, in any Ship or vessel that hath not two Decks, and doth carry less than sixteen Pieces of Altered ito Ordnance mounted, together with two Men for each Gun, and other Ammunition proportionable, shall of^on^cion" pay to our Sovereign Lord the King for all and every the Wares and Merchandizes so exported or import and whitewooi cj, one percent, over and above the Rates and Duties of Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage otherwise len nioth, by due and payable for the same; any Tiling in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. W'3'

XXXVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to export, from any of his Majesty's Do 6 Ann, C. minions, Fish into any of the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea aforesaid, in any English Ship or Veiled what9 Ann. C s. soever, provided that one Moiety of her full Lading be Fish only, and in such Case to import any Wares^ ,

or Merchandise in the same Ship for that Voyage, without paying any other Rates or Duties of Tonne exporting Fish." nage or Poundage for the same, than were heretofore accustomed.

XXXVII. And for the better Encouragement of building good and defensible Ships, be it enacted, Encouriirement That all and every Person or Persons that shall within the Space of seven Years from and after the five gooa'nd" cfer. and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred sixty two, build or cause to be built within any title Ships.

of his Majesty's Dominions any Ship or vessel of three Decks, or two Decks and a Half, with a sore callle, and five Foot between each Deck, mounted with thirty Pieces of Ordnance at leall, and other Ammunition proportionable, shall for the first two Voyages which the said Ship or Ships make from his Majesty's Dominions to any foreign Parts, have and receive to his and their own proper Use. and Benefit one tenth Part of the Customs that shall be paid to lfis Majesty for all such Goods or Merchandizes as shall be exported or imported on the said Ship or Ships, to and from this Kingdom; (2) and the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Customs are hereby empowered and required to pay the same to the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Ships accordingly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled, That from and after the four and Silt brought out twentieth Day of "June one thousand six hundred sixty and two, all Salt which shall be brought out of the le Kingdom of Scotland into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall penny a Gallon, yield and pay, and is hereby made chargeable to yield and pay, unto the King's Majesty, one halfpenny

upon every Gallon of such Imported Salt of Winchester Measure, at the Landing thereof; anything in this present Act, or any former or other Law, Statute or Order, to the contrary thereof in any wise not

[Continued by 2 Will. & Mar. Stat. 1. C 4. §. 3., Ann. Stat. 1. C 13. §. 2. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.]

to, 7 & 8 TV. 3. r. 22. 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. 7 Geo. 1. St. I. C ti. 8 Geo. I. C 15, 18 f 31..9 Geo. 1. c. 21. 11 Geo. i. c. 7 30. re

Geo. 1. c. 28. 1 Geo. 2. St. 2. C 17.9 Geo. 1. c. 35. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31. 18 Geo. 2. c. 2s. 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. »3 Geo. i. r. i. 90 Geo. 2.

<, 18 & 29. and 32 Geo. 2. C jo.

---

CAP. XII.

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

[The Occasion of Increase of Poor.]

'WHEREAS the Necessity, Number, and continual Increase of the Poor, not only within the Cities of London and Westminster, with the Liberties of each of them, but also through the whole Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, is very great and exceeding burthensome, being occasioned by reason of some Defects in the Law concerning the settling of the Poor, and for want of a due Provision of the Regulations of Relief and Employment in such Parishes or Places where they are legally settled, which doth enforce many to turn incorrigible Rogues, and others to perish for Want, together with the Neglect of the faithful Execution of such Laws and Statutes as have formerly been made for the apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the Good of the Poor:'

[Vin. V. 16-414. Burn, V. 2-201.]

(2) For Remedy whereof, and for the preventing the perishing of any of the Poor, whether young or old, for want of such Supplies as are necessary, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; (3) And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Poor People going from one Parish to another.]

That whereas by reason of some Defects in the Law, poor People are not restrained from going from one Parish to another, and therefore do endeavour to settle themselves in those Parishes where there is the best Stock, the largest Commons or Wastes to build Cottages, and the most Woods for them to burn and destroy; and when they have consumed it, then to another Parish, and at last become Rogues and Vagabonds, to the great Discouragement of Parishes to provide Stocks, where it is liable to be devoured by Strangers;

[How to be settled, coming to any Tenement under ten Pounds yearly Value. Altered and explained by 1 Jac. 2. c. 17. §3. 3 & 4 W. & M. c. 11. §3.]

(4) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, upon Complaint made by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, to any Justice of Peace, within forty Days after any such Person or Persons coming so to settle as aforesaid, in any Tenement under the yearly Value of ten Pounds, for any two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, of the Division where any Person or Persons that are likely to be chargeable to the Parish shall come to inhabit, by their Warrant to remove and convey such Person or Persons to such Parish where he or they were last legally settled, either as a Native, Housholder, Sojourner, Apprentice or Servant, for the Space of forty Days at the least, unless he or they give sufficient Security for the Discharge of the said Parish, to be allowed by the said Justices.

[Persons grieved may appeal to the Quarter-Sessions.]

II. Provided always, That all such Persons who think themselves aggrieved by any such Judgment of the said two Justices, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the said County at their next Quarter-Sessions, who are hereby required to do them Justice according to the Merits of their Cause.

[Persons going to work in Harvest.]

III. Provided also, That (this Act notwithstanding) it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, to go into any County, Parish or Place, to work in Time of Harvest, or at any Time to work at any other Work, so that he or they carry with him or them a Certificate from the Minister of the Parish and one of the Churchwardens and one of the Overseers for the Poor for the said Year, that he or they have a Dwelling-house or Place in which he or they inhabit, and hath left Wife and Children, or some of them there, (or otherwise as the Condition of the Persons shall require) and is declared an Inhabitant of Inhabitants there;

(2) And in such Case, if the Person or Persons shall not return to the place aforesaid,

244 C. 12. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

when his or their Work is finished, or shall fall Sick or Impotent whilst he or they are in the said Work, it shall not be accounted a Settlement in the Cases abovesaid, but that it shall and may be lawful for two Justices of the Peace to convey the said Person or Persons to the Place of his or their Habitation as aforesaid, under the Pains and Penalties in this Act prescribed:

And if such Person or Persons shall refuse to go, or shall not remain in such Parish where they ought to be settled as aforesaid, but shall return of his own Accord to the Parish from whence he was removed, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the City, County or Town Corporate where the said Offence shall be committed, to send such Person or Persons offending to the House of Correction, there to be punished as a Vagabond, or to a publick Work-house in this present Act hereafter mentioned, there to be employed in Work or Labour: (4.) And if the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which he or they shall be removed, refuse to receive such Person or Persons, and to provide Work for them, as other Inhabitants of the Parish, any Justice of Peace of that Division may and shall thereupon bind any such Officer or Officers in whom there shall be Default, to the Assizes or Sessions, there to be indicted for his or their Contempt in that Behalf.

[Corporations or Work houses in the Cities of London and Westminster, Middlesex, Surrey.]

IV. And for the further Redress of the Mischiefs intended to be hereby remedied, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from thenceforth there be, and shall be, one or more Corporation or Corporations, Work-house or Work-houses, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Boroughs, Towns and Places of the County of Middlesex and Surrey, situate, lying and being within the Parishes mentioned in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, consisting of a President, a Deputy to the President, and a Treasurer; and that the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being be President of the Corporation or Corporations, Work-house or Work-houses within the said City, and the Assistants to be the Aldermen of the said City of London for the Time being, and fifty-two other Citizens to be chosen by the Common Council of the said City: (2) And that the said President and Assistants, or the major Part of them, shall and may elect a Deputy president and Treasurer, and all other necessary Officers hereby constituted and authorised to execute the Powers and Offices by this Act appointed: (3) And that upon the Vacancy by Death or otherwise of any Assistant, the Power to elect in their Rooms be in the said Common Council; and the Election of the Deputy president or Treasurer, and all other Officers, in the said President and major Part of the Assistants as aforesaid: (4) And that a President, a Deputy president, a Treasurer and Assistants be nominated and appointed by the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, for the Time being, out of the most fit Persons inhabiting in this City of Westminster or the Liberties thereof, for the Corporation or Corporations, work house or work houses within the same.

[President, Deputy-President, Treasurer and Assistants for Middlesex and Surrey, how to be elected.]

V. And for the said Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, there shall be elected and chosen by the major Part of the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties in their respective Quarter sessions assembled, out of the most able and honest Inhabitants and Freeholders of every of the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, a President, a Deputy president, a Treasurer and Assistants for the Corporation or Corporations, work house or work houses of the Places aforesaid in Middlesex and Surrey;

[City of Westminster.]

and that upon the Vacancy by Death or otherwise, of any of the Presidents, deputy Presidents, Treasurers or Assistants in the City of Westminster, and Places aforesaid in Middlesex and Surrey, the Power to elect others in their Rooms be in the major Part of the respective Justices of Peace, who in their General Quarter sessions from Time to Time shall accordingly supply such vacant Places; (2) and that at every Quarter sessions they shall require and take an Account in Writing of all the Receipts, Charges and Disbursements of the Officers and Treasurer of such Corporation or Corporations, work house or work houses, how and how many poor People have been employed and set to work in the Year last past, and what Stock there was and is remaining; (3) which President, Deputy president and Treasurer for the Time being respectively, shall for ever hereafter, in Name and Fact, be Bodies Politic and Corporate in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall have a perpetual Succession, and may sue or plead, or be sued and impleaded, by the Name of the President and Governors for the Poor of the respective Places afore mentioned, in all Courts and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom, and the Dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; (4) and by that Name every of the said Corporations shall and may without Licence in Mortmain, purchase or receive any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of three thousand Pounds per Annum, of the Gift, Alienation or Devise of any Person or Persons, who are hereby without further Licence enabled to give the same, and any Goods, Chattels or Sums of Money whatsoever, to the Use, Intent and Purposes hereafter limited and appointed; (5) and that each respective Corporation, or any seven of them, shall have hereby Power and Authority from Time to Time to meet and keep Courts for the Ends and Purposes in this Act expressed, at such time and Place as shall be appointed, by the said President, his Deputy, or the Treasurer, who are hereby required upon the Desire of any four of the said Corporation, at any Time to cause a Court to be warned accordingly, and shall have hereby: Authority from Time to Time to make and appoint a Common Seal for the Use of the said Corporation.

[The Powers of the said President and Governors of the said Corporations.]

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said President and Governors of the said Corporations for the Time being, or any two of them, or to or for any Person authorized and appointed by them or any two of them, from Time to Time to apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any Rogues, Vagrants, Sturdy Beggars, or idle and disorderly Persons within the said Cities and Liberties, Places, Divisions and Precincts, and to cause them to be kept and set to work in the several and respective Corporations or Work-houses; (2) and it shall and may be lawful for the major Part of the Justices of Peace in their Quarter-Sessions, to signify unto his Majesty's Privy Council, the Names of such Rogues, Vagabonds, idle and disorderly Persons and Sturdy Beggars, as they shall think fit to be transported to the England Plantations; (3) and upon the Approbation of his Majesty's Privy Council to the said Justices of Peace signified, which Persons shall be transported, it shall

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. C. 12. 245

and may be lawful for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace, them to transport or cause to; be transported from Time to Time, during the Space of three Years next ensuing the End of this present Session of Parliament, to any of the English Plantations beyond the Seas, there to be disposed in the usual way of Servants, for a Term not exceeding seven Years.

[A Stock for Supply of the Work, how to be provided in London, Westminster, Middlesex, Surrey.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the President and Governors of any of the said Corporations shall certify under their Common Seal, their Want and Defect either of a present Stock for the Foundation of the Work, or for Supply thereof for the future, and what Sum or Sums of Money they shall think fit for the same, to the Common Council of the said City of London, and the Burgesses and Justices of Peace in their Quarter-Sessions of the said City of Westminster and the Liberties thereof, or the Justices of the respective Counties of Middlesex and Surrey assembled in either Quarter-Sessions; That thereupon the Common Council of the said City of London, the Burgesses of the said City of Westminster, and the Justices of Peace of the said Cities and Counties in their Quarter-Sessions assembled are hereby required from Time to Time to set down and ascertain such competent Sum and Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding one Years Rate from Time to Time usually set upon any Person for or towards the Relief of the Poor, and the same to proportion out upon the several Wards, Precincts, Counties, Divisions, Hundreds, and Parishes, as they shall think fit: (2) And thereupon the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Councilmen of every Ward in the City of London, and Burgesses and Justices of the Peace of the city of Westminster and the Liberties thereof, and Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required, equally and indifferently, according to the Proportions appointed as aforesaid for the several "wards, Precincts, Cities and Parishes as aforesaid, to tax and rate the several Inhabitants within the said respective Wards, Precincts and Parishes, as well within Liberties as without; (3) with which Tax, if any Person or Persons find him or themselves aggrieved, supposing the same to be unequal, he or they shall and may make their Complaint known to the Justices of the Peace at die next open Sessions, who shall take such final Order therein, as in like Cases is already by the Law provided.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Alderman of the City of London, or his Deputy, or the Burgesses and Justices of Peace of the City of Westminster and the Liberties thereof, or any two or more of them, or any two Justices of Peace of the respective Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, by their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorise the churchwardens or Overseers for the Poor within the Places and Parishes aforesaid, to demand, gather and receive of every Person and Persons, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be assessed upon them by Virtue of the Taxations and Contributions aforesaid; (2) and for Default of Payment within ten Days after Demand thereof made, or Notice in Writing left at the dwelling house or Lodging of every Person so assessed, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every such Person, and after Satisfaction made, to restore the Surplusage to the Party so distrained.

[Stocks formerly in London for the Relief of the Poor, how to be paid.]

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Stocks raised for the Relief and Imployment of the Poor in the City of London and Liberties thereof, which was in the Hands of a Corporation heretofore appointed in the said City for that Service or in the Hands of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, before the nine and twentieth Day of September which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, commonly called the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, or at any Time since, together with all the Arrears of Money formerly allotted for that Service, or Legacies given to the same End, shall be payable to the Treasurer of the Corporation or Corporations, Work-house or Work-houses, to be established by this present Act, who are hereby authorized and impowered by themselves or their Officers thereunto by them deputed, to collect, gather, receive and recover the said Money and Legacies, which shall be due and in arrear as aforesaid; with which said Arrears and every Part and Parcel thereof the Corporation and Corporations aforesaid by this Act made, constituted and established, is and shall be hereby invested and interested for the Execution of the Service hereby enjoined them: (2) And all those that have had or now have any of the said Stocks in their or any of their Hands, shall be accountable to the said Treasurer, or to those that shall be appointed by the said Corporation or Corporations, or any Seven or more of them, to take the said Account.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be a full Allowance of all just and necessary Expences which have been laid out by the said former Corporation for the Relief of the said Poor, and the carrying on of the said Service since the Time before expressed.

[Power to make Orders and By-laws.]

XI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective President and Governors, or any Seven of them, shall have Power from Time to Time to make and constitute Orders and By-laws for the better Relieving, Regulating and setting the Poor to work, and the apprehending and punishing of Rogues, Vagabonds and Beggars within the Cities, Liberties and Places aforesaid, that have not wherewith to maintain themselves, and for other the Matters aforesaid.

XII. Provided the said Orders and By-laws shall from Time to Time be presented to the Justices of Peace in their Quarter-Sessions assembled, to be allowed by the major Part of them, and confirmed by Order of the said Court.

[Power to chuse and entertain Officers.]

XIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the President and Governors of any the said Corporation or Corporations, Work-house or Work-houses, or any Fourteen or more of them, being assembled together, shall have hereby Power to chuse and entertain all such Officers and others as shall be needful to be imployed in and about the Premisses, and them or any of them from Time to Time to remove as they shall see Cause, and upon the Death or Removal of them or any of them, to chuse others in their Places for the carrying on of the Work, and to make and give such reasonable Allowances unto them or any of them, out of the Stock and Revenue belonging to the said Corporation or Workhouse, as they shall think fit.

[All Sheriffs, &c. to be assisting to the said Corporation, and their Officers.]

XIV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables and all other Officers and Ministers of Justices, shall be aiding and assisting to the said Corporation or Corporations,

246 C. 12. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

and to all such Officers as shall be imployed by them or any of them in the Execution or Performance of the said Service.

XV. 'And whereas the Laws and Statutes for the apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds, have not been duly executed, sometimes for want of Officers, by reason Lords of Manors do not keep Court-Leets every Year for the Making of them;'

[Constables, how made, in Default of holding Court Leets.]

(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That of holding Court n Case any Constable, Headborough or Tithingman shall die or go out of the Parish, any two Justices of the Peace may make and swear a new Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, until the said Lord shall hold a Court or until next Quarter sessions, who shall approve of the said Officers so made and sworn as aforesaid, or appoint others as they shall think fit: (3) And if any Officer shall continue above a Year in his or their Office, that then in such Case the Justices of Peace in their Quarter sessions may discharge such Officers, and may put another fit Person in his, or their Place until the Lord of the said Manor shall hold a Court as aforesaid.

[Apprehending Rogues and Vagabonds.]

XVI. 'And whereas for Want of some Encouragement to such Person or Persons as shall apprehend Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars,

[39 Eliz. c. 4. 1 Jac. 1. c. 7.]

the Statutes made in the nine and thirtieth Year of Queen Elizabeth and first Year of King James, in which Statutes the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of every Parish that shall not apprehend such Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars which shall pass through or be found in their said Parish unapprehended, such Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, shall forfeit as in the said Statutes is expressed, are not duly executed;'

[How rewarded.]

(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, to whom any Rogue, Vagabond or Sturdy Beggars so apprehended shall be brought, to reward any Person or Persons that shall apprehend any Rogue, Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar, by granting unto such Person or Persons an Order or Warrant under his Hand and Seal to the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of such Parish where such Rogue, Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar passed through unapprehended, requiring him to pay such Person or Persons the Sum of two Shillings for every Rogue, Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar which shall be so apprehended: (3) And if such Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, refuse or neglect to pay the two Shillings as aforesaid, that then the said Justices of Peace, or any other Justice or Justices of Peace, shall proceed against any such Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, according to the said Statutes, and to compel him to pay such Sum of Money as he hath forfeited by the Statute of the first Year of King James aforesaid, and to allow out of the said Forfeiture the said two Shillings, and such reasonable Means and Allowances for Loss of Time as they shall think fit.

[Rogues and Vagabonds apprehended at the Confines of any County, how to be dealt withal.]

XVII. And if any Person or Persons shall apprehend any Rogue, Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar at the Confines of any County, which passed through any Parish of another County unapprehended, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to go to some Justice of Peace of that County through which such Rogue, Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar passed unapprehended, who is hereby required (upon a Certificate under the Hand of some Justice of Peace of the County where such Rogue, Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar was so apprehended) to grant his Order or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, requiring the said Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, to pay unto such Person or Persons as aforesaid the Sum of two Shillings, which if he shall refuse or neglect to do, then such Justice is hereby required to proceed against such Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, and to cause him to pay ten Shillings, or so much thereof, for his Expences and Loss of Time, as the said Justice of Peace shall think fit, to such Person or Persons, which he hath forfeited by the Statute aforesaid made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Queen.

XVIII. 'And whereas Constables, Headboroughs or Tithingmen, are or may be at great Charge in relieving, conveying with Passes, and in carrying Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars to Houses of Correction or the Work-houses herein-mentioned, and as yet have no Power by Law to make Rates to reimburse themselves:'

[Carthew 293.]

(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Constables, Headboroughs and Tithingmen, so out of purse as aforesaid, together with the Churchwardens and over seers of the Poor and other inhabitants of the said Parish,

[Power to make Rates.]

shall hereby have Power and Authority to make an indifferent Rate, and to tax all the Occupiers of Lands and Inhabitants, and all other persons chargeable by

[43 Eliz. c. 2.]

the Statute of the three and fortieth of Elizabeth concerning the Office and Duty of Overseers for the poor within the said Parish:

[2 Salk. 609.]

(3) which Rate being confirmed under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of Peace as aforesaid, the said Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, shall have Power by Warrant under the Hands, and Seals of two Justices of Peace, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus to the Owner if any shall be.

[Putative Fathers of Bastard Children, running away, how to be proceeded against.]

XIX. 'And whereas the putative Fathers and lewd Mothers of Bastard Children run away out of the Parish, and sometimes out of the County, and leave the said Bastard Children upon the Charge of the Parish where they are born, although such putative Father and Mother have Estates sufficient to discharge such Parish;' (2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers for the Poor of such Parish where any Bastard-Child shall be born, to take and seize so much of the Goods and Chattels, and to receive so much of the Annual Rents and Profits of the Lands of such putative Father or lewd Mother, as shall be ordered by any two Justices of Peace as aforesaid, for or towards the Discharge of the Parish, to be confirmed at the Sessions, for the Bringing up and Providing for such Bastard Child: (3) And thereupon it shall be lawful for the Sessions to make an Order for the Church-wardens or Overseers for the Poor of such Parish, to dispose of the Goods by Sale or otherwise, or so much of them for the Purposes aforesaid as the Court shall think fit, and to receive the Rents and Profits or so much of them as shall be ordered by the Sessions as aforesaid, of his or her Lands.

[Persons sued for Matters in this Act may plead the General Issue.]

XX. And if any Person or Persons shall be sued for any Matter or Thing which he shall do in Execution of this Act, he may plead the General Issue and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his Suit, the Defendant shall recover treble Damages.

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. C. 13. 247

[Lancashire, Cheshire, Derbyshire, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, Westmorland, 43 Eliz. c. 2. 2 Lev. 142, 143. 1 Salk. 123. 2 Salk. 486, 487. Vin. V 16. 420.]

XXI. 'Whereas the Inhabitants of the Counties of Lancashire, Cheshire, Derbyshire, Yorkshire, Northumberland, the Bishopric of Durham, Cumberland and Westmorland, and many other Counties in England and Wales, by reason of the Largeness of the Parishes within the same, have not nor cannot reap the Benefit of the Act of Parliament made in the three and fortieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth for Relief of the Poor;' (2) Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Poor, Needy, Impotent and Lame Person or Persons within every Township or Village within the several Counties aforesaid, shall from and after the Passing of this Act be maintained, kept, provided for and set on Work, within the several and respective Township and Village wherein he, she or they shall inhabit, or wherein he, she or they was or were last lawfully settled, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; (3) and that there shall be yearly chosen and appointed, according to the Rules and Directions in the said Act of the three and fortieth Year of Queen Elizabeth mentioned, two or more Overseers of the Poor within every of the said Townships or Villages, who shall from Time to Time do, perform and execute all and every the Acts, Powers and Authorities for the necessary Relief of the Poor within the said Township or Village, and shall lose, forfeit and suffer all such Pains and Penalties for Nonperformance thereof, as is limited, mentioned and appointed in and by the said in part recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace within the said Counties shall have and enjoy such and the like Powers and Authorities to raise and levy Monies, and to do and execute all and every such other Act and Thing whatsoever, within every Township or Village within the said County where they are Justices, as is given, limited and appointed unto and for them to do and execute within any Parish or Parishes,

[43 Eliz. c. 2.]

in and by the said Act made in the said three and fortieth Year of the said late Queen Elizabeth, under such and the like Pains and Penalties for the Non-performance of their Duties, to be levied and disposed of as is nominated and expressed in the said Act.

[Power of the Justices to transport Rogues and Vagabonds.]

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of Peace in any of the Counties of England and Wales, in their Quarter-Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, to transport or cause to be transported such Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars, as shall be duly convicted and adjudged to be incorrigible, to any of the English Plantations beyond the Seas.

[Proviso for the Dean and Chapter of Westminster.]

XXIV. Provided also, That neither this Act nor any Thing therein contained shall extend to be, or be construed, expounded or taken, to the Prejudice or Infringement of any of the Franchises, Rights, Liberties or Privileges heretofore granted by the Kings and Queens of this Realm, his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, to the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter in Westminster.

[The Continuance of divers Parts of this Act.]

[11 & 12 W. 3. C. 13.]

XXV. Provided always, That this Act, as to all the Matters therein contained, (excepting what relates unto the Corporations mentioned and constituted thereby) shall extend and be in Force until the nine and twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty five, and the End of the first Session of the next Parliament then next ensuing, and no longer.

[Made perpetual by 12 Annae, Stat. 1. C. 18. §1. See 17 Geo. 2. c. 5.]

[Farther provisions concerning Poor, 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 18. 1 Jac. 2. c. 17. 3 & 4 W. & M. c. 11. 8 & 9 W. 3. c. 30. 9 & 10 W. 3. c. 11. 12 Ann. St. 1. c. 18. 9 Geo. 1. c. 7. 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. 3 Geo. 2. c. 29. 17 Geo. 2. c. 3, 37 & 38. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 11.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Cut-work, Imbroidery, Fringe, Band-strings, Buttons and Needle-work.

---

'WHEREAS great Numbers of the Inhabitants of this Kingdom are employed in the making of Bone-lace, Band-strings, Buttons, Needle-work, Fringe and Imbroideries, who by their Industry and Labour have attained and gained so great Skill and Dexterity in the making thereof, that they make as good of all Sorts thereof, as is made in any foreign Parts, by reason whereof they have been heretofore able to relieve their poor Neighbours, and maintained their Families, and also enabled to set on Work many poor Children, and other Persons who have very small Means or Maintenance of Living, other than by their Labours and Endeavours in the said Art: (2) And whereas the Persons so employed in the said Mystery have heretofore served most Parts of this Kingdom with Bone-lace, Band-strings,

Buttons, Needlework and Imbroidery; and for the carrying on and managing of the said Trade, they have procured great Quantities of Thread and Silk to be brought into the Kingdom from, foreign Parts, whereby his Majesty's Customs and Revenues have been much advanced, (5) until of late, that great Quantities of foreign bone lace, band ftnngs, ncedlc work, cut work, Fringe, Silk, bone lace, But ' tonnes and imbroidery were brought into this Kingdom by Foreigners and Inhabitants of this Kingdom, '

and sold to Shopkeepers and others. Dealers in the said Commodity, as well by wholefisle as ketail;

without ever entering of the same in any of his Majesty's custom houtes, or paying any Duty or Custom*

le very much decayed, those

e much decreased, and great

Majesty defrauded and deceived

j in his Customs, and many thousand poor People formerly kept.on Work in the said Art, like to periftt f for Want of Employment; (<;,) there being daily great Sums' of Money exported out of this Kingdom 1 for the Buying and Fetching in of the said Commodity, to the great. Impoverif

great Impoverishment of tyre Nation by the Consumption of the Bullion and Treasure thereof, and contrary to the: several Statutes made in the 1 first of King Rickard the Third, in the third of King Edward the Fourth, in the nineteenth of King 3 Ed. 4. C 4.'Wary the Seventh, and the fifth of Queen Elizabeth, and to a late Proclamation made by his Majesty C, now is, dated the twentieth Day of November last, for the Putting the said Laws inexecution Eli II For Redress whereof, and Prevention of the like Mischiefs for the Future, and the better Relief,

Comfort and Subsistence of those employed in the said Art and Manufacture, and for tyre Quickening, Reviving,

- viving, Explaining, Amending, and more effeiflual Execution of the said Statutes; (2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred sixty two, sell or cause to be sold, or offer to Sale, within the Kingdom 01 England or Dominion of Wales, or export any Foreign bone lace, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band firings, Buttons <jf.needle work made of Thread, Silk, or ariy or either of them, ir Parts beyond the Seas, or import, bring in, send or convey, or cause to be brought in, sent or conveyed, into the Kingdom of England or Dominion of ifaltsj any such Foreign bone lace, cut work, Fringe, Imbroidery, band firings, Buttons or needlework made of Thread, Silk, or any or either of them, beyond the Seas, after the tirflday of May, which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two; (3) upon Pain that all and every Person or Persons who flrall sell or cause to be sold, or offered to Sale, any such Foreign bone lace, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band firings, Buttons or needlework, shall forfeit and lose for every Offence by him committed contrary to this Act, the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the whole bone lace, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band firings, Buttons or needlework so sold or caused to be sold, or offered to Sale:

(4) And upon further Pain, That all and every Person or Persons who shall import, bring in, send or convey, or cause to be brought in, sent or conveyed into this Kingdom of England or Dominion of Wale 1, any such, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band firings, Buttons or needlework, shall forfeit and lose for every Offence by him committed contrary to this Act, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and the whole bone lace, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band firings, Buttons or needlework, so imported, brought in, sent or conveyed, or caused to be imported, brought in, sent or conveyed, contrary to the Form and Effect of this present Act as aforesaid: (5) The Moieties of all which Forfeitures to be to the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to him or them that shall foe for the same in any of the King's Courts of Record, by Bill, Plaint, Action of Debt, Information or otherwise, wherein no Essoin:, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, at every Time and as often as any Person shall be found to offend in selling, importing, conveying or bringing in as aforesaid. '

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Preventing of the Importing of the said Manufactures as aforesaid, upon Complaint and Information given to the Justices of the Peace, or any or either of them, within their respective Counties, Cities and Towns Corporate, at Times reasonable, he or they are hereby authorised and required to issue forth his or their Warrants to the constables of their respective Counties, Cities and Towns Corporate, to enter and search for such Manufactures in the Shops being open, of waresouses and dwelling houses of such Person or Persons as shall be suspected to have any such Foreign bone laces, Imbroideries, cut work, Fringe, band firings, Buttons or needlework, within their respective Counties, Cities and Towns Corporate, and to seize the same; any Act, Statute or Ordinance to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted and declared, That all.informations, Actions and Suits that shall be commenced for any Offence committed against this Law, shall be brought and commenced within twelve Months after the Discovery of such Offence; any former Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize Goods.

EXP.

CAP. XV.

An Act for regulating the Trade of silk throwing.

WHEREAS the Company of silk throwers within the City of London and Liberties, and all their Servants and Apprentices within four Miles thereof, were quint Caroli primi incorporated and made one Body Politic, and are known by the Name of the Master, Wardens, Assistants and Commonalty of the Trader Art or Mystery of silk throwers of the City of London i (2) And whereas the said Trade is of singular Use, and very advantageous to this commonwealth, by iinploying the Poor,

there being employed by the said Company in and about the City of London (as is expressed in their Petition) above forty thousand Men, Women and Children, who otherwise would unavoidably be burr thensom to the Places of their Abode; (3) and whereas the present Governors of the said Company by \ their Petition pray an Enlargement of their Charter, whereby they may be the better enabled to avoid the many Deceits and Inconveniences they daily meet witlwl by Intruders, who have not been brought!

up Apprentices to the said Trade, and others who settle themselves beypnd the Limits of the said Char, 1

ter, nn Purpose to avoid the Searches and Supervision of the said Governors, by which Means they are 1 at Liberty to make and vend w hat Wares they please, to the disparagement of the said Trade, and Discouraging of the Petitioners, and all others of the said Trade that have duly served Apprentice thereto, according to the known Laws of this Nation.

II. For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and twe, no, Person or Persons whatsoever shall directly or indirectly use, exercise, continue or setup the said Trade, Art or Mystery of a silk thrower within this Realm of England, unless such as are or shall be Apprentices to the said Trade, or shall have served seven Years Apprenticeship thereunto at the lead; (2) upon Pain that every Person so offending contrary to this Act shall pay, forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings for every Month the said Person..'

Fareijn bone lace, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band ftringfs, prohibited to "be sold, or imported from beyond Seas.

This Act enlarged by 4 & 5 W. Sc M. C 10. as to Foreign Buttons made of Hair, and repealed by 5 Ann. C 17. 1. as

to Foreign Lace made ot Thread in the Spanish low Countries

The Penalty,

One Moiety to the King, and the other to the jpyofecutor.

Every Justice of Peace may grant Warrants to search for ma miiaftures pro hibitedjjy this Act.

Tkc Time limited for Actions upon this Act.

ti Car. 2. C II 13 Car. a. stac.i,

r, 7, 13 Cur. z.

Stat. 1. C 3.

The Silk throwers of London incorporated by Patent, 5 Car. 1. X9J/.7. tf.si.

None shall use che Trade of a silk thrower bat such as have served as Apprentices seven Year 8.

The Penalty.

(a

249

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 15.

shall use or exercise the said Trade; the one Moiety thereof to the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and (Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same in any of the Courts of Record within this Realm of England, or before any the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or the Before whom to Justices of the Peace at their Quarter sessions of the Peace, by Action of Debt, ' Bill, Plaint or Informa be recovered, jtion, or by any other lawful Ways or Means whatsoever, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law or ef foin shall be allowed.

III. And for the better enabling of the said Master, Wardens, Assistants and Commonalty of silk throwers, and their Successors, in their Government; (2) be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, now using or exercising as Matters, the said Art, Trade Every person or Mystery, or such as have served as Apprentices to the said Trade by the Space of leven Years at the using the Trade lead, within the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the several Suburbs thereof, or within twenty Westminster'd Miles Compass of them, or either of them, shall, before the twenty-fifth Day of December, which shall be mail enter him. in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, be admitted, and are hereby enjoined to the said enter themselves, into the said Society or Corporation, and to perform and be subject and obedient to all hefutua'to^ht such Statutes, Laws, Orders, Ordinances and Constitutions, as are or shall be made or ordained for or Laws andonkrs concerning the Exercise, Regulation or Government of the said Art, Trade or Mystery, or of any Person thereof.

: or Persons using or exercising the same; (3) upon Pain of Forfeiture of the Sum of forty Shillings for every The penalty. Month he or they shall use or exercise the said Trade, after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand six hundred sixty and two; the one Moiety thereof to the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person and Persons as shall sue for the same in any the Courts of Record within this Realm of England, or before any the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or the Justices of Peace at their Quarter sessions of the Peace, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information,

or by any other lawful Ways and Means whatsoever, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law or Essoin shall be allowed.

IV. Provided, That such Laws, Orders, Ordinances and Constitutions so made, or which shall be made, be not contrary, but agreeable with the Laws and Statutes of this said Realm, and the Customs of the said City of London.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Matters, Wardens, Assistants Tise Power o? and Commonalty, and their Successors, shall and may have and enjoy, and that it shall and may be lawful the Matters, to and for them, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to do, perform and execute, within Xffiftantsirtl the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the several Suburbs thereof, or within twenty Miles Compass of them, or either of them, all such Grants, Powers, Privileges and Authorities, as by this present Act, or in or by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation are given or granted, or mentioned to be given or granted, for or concerning the Regulation, Exercise or Government of the said Trade, Art or Mystery, or any Matter or Thing relating thereunto, or of such Person or Persons as do or shall exercise the same; anything in the said Letters Patents, or any Act, Statute or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas there is a Necessity lying upon the silk throwers, to deliver to their Winders or Doublers considerable Quantities of Silk, which being of a good Value, is by evil disposed Persons many Times unjustly, deceitfully and falsely purloined, imbezilled, pawn'd, sold and detained, to the great Damage, and sometimes the utter Undoing of the Thrower who employs the said Persons: '(z) Be it thepurishment further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such silk winder and Doubler, who shall at any Time of Silk, winders hereafter unjustly or deceitfully and falily purloin, imbezil, pawn, sell or detain any Part of Silk delivered goodtddivered or to be delivered by any silk thrower or other Person, to them or any of them, to wind or double, that to them, in every such Case and Cases, as well the Winder or Journeyman so offending, as the Buyer and Buyers,

Receiver and Receivers of such Silk, being thereof lawfully convicted, by Confession of the Party or Parties so offending, or by one Witness upon Oath before one or more of the Justices of Peace of the County or Liberty where the same Offence or Offences shall be committed, or if it be within any City or Town Corporate, before the Mayor, Bailiff or Chief Officer of the said City or Town Corporate, who by Force of this Act are empowered and authorised to minister the same Oath, and finally to hear and determine all and every the Offences aforesaid, and to give and make to the Party and Parties grieved such recompense and Satisfaction for such their Damage and Loss, and Charges thereabouts, as by. the said Justice or Justices, or Chief Officers, shall be ordered and appointed.

VII. Provided, That no more Damage be given or awarded, than the Party grieved shall prove he is damnified, and hath expended, in looking after the same; and if the Party of Parties so offending shall not be able or sufficient to make Recompense or Satisfaction for the said Offence, nor do make recom pi nce or Satisfaction for the same Offence or Offences within fourteen Days next after such Conviction, in such Manner and Form, as by the Justice or Justices or Chief Officers shall be ordered and appointed, as aforesaid; then the Party or Parties so offending, for the first Offence shall be apprehended and whipped, or set in the Stocks in the Place where the Offence is committed, or in some Market town in the said County near unto the Place where the Offence or Offences aforesaid shall be committed, as shall be limited and appointed by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Officers, and for the second Offence to incur the like, or such further Punishment, by Whipping or being put in the Stocks, as the said Justice or Justices of the Peace or Chief Officers shall in their Discretion think fit and convenient.

VIII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Receiver and Receivers, Persons «ceiv buyer and Buyers of any Silk, or such as take to pawn any Silk imbezilled or purloined, contrary to the h^hied Goods true Meaning of this Act, (Matter of Fact being proved) shall make Satisfaction within the Time afore how to be pu said, or else shall be subject to like Punishment as by this Act is inflicted, or provided to be inflicted, upon nidied.

such Person so imbeziling or purloining any such Silk as aforesaid. whv IV (vs

IX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Freeman of the said Company of mj>y be impi > silk throwers, to seton work and employ ary Person or Persons, being native Subjects to his Majesty, fer

vol. III K k " and prentices.

'i$o C 16-18. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

and no others, whether they be Men, Women or Children, to turn the Mill, tie Threads, double Silk and wind Silk, as formerly they have used to do, although such Person or Persons who shall be so seton work, and employed in the Works and Services aforesaid, flail not have served or been bred up as Apprentices to the Trade of silk throwing by the Space of seven Years; (z) and that all and every the said Person and Persons who shall be so seton work and employed by any Freemen of the said Company, in the Works and Services aforesaid, shall and may be employed by any Freeman of the said Company in the Works and Services aforesaid, or any of them, without any Let or Molestation; any Thing in this The said Co o to t^le contrary notwithstanding.

ration may°nat" X Provided, and be it enacted, That the said Corporation of silk throwers flail not by Virtue of this set Rates upon at, nor anything therein contained, make any Orders, Ordinances or bylaws, to set any Rates or their Workmen. prices whatsoever upon the Throwing of Silk, to bind or enforce their Members to work at; but that Farther Prcvift their respective Members shall be left at Liberty to contrail with their respective Imployers, and also with tololcarfz.^l. Persons that they employ, at such Rates as they and their Imployers and the Persons employed shall zw.&m.stai agree upon; anything in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

1. C g. 5 IV thy M. C 3. 6 CV 7 IV 3. C 18. 8 CV o IV 3. C 36.9 & 10 IV 3. C 30 & 43. 5 Ann. C 20. 6 Amt. C 39. 8 Geo. 1. c. 13.

9 Geo. 1. c. 8. 2 Geo. 2. c. 17. 23 Geo. 2. C9sf 20. and 26 Geo. 2. c. 21.

CAP. XVI.

exp. An Act for the more speedy and effectual bringing those Persons to account, whose Accounts are excepted

in the Act of Oblivion.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for Relief of Collectors of public Moneys, and their Assistants and Deputies.

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament now assembled, and by Authority of the Collectors and same. That all Collectors and other Persons who have levied or collected, or shall levy or collect, any hi ievyi'n(; mo d Sum or Sums of Money, or other Act done, or shall do in order to the same, by Virtue of any Act of ney by virtue Parliament now in Force, or of any other Act, Order or Ordinance allowed to be put in Execution by of any Act of any such Act of Parliament, as aforesaid, and who is or shall be sued for or concerning the same, by any ing sued^mv/" ot^er than the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, he and they may plead the General Issue, and plead the Gene thereupon give the special Matter in Evidence for his Excuse and Justification: that all and every per rai Issue. son or Persons already sued or impleaded for any the Causes aforesaid, may notwithstanding any Plea or Demurrer already made by any such Defendant, have Liberty to change such his Plea, and to plead the General Issue, if he flail think fit so to do.

II. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise the Levying or Collecting of any Sum or Sums of Money which are par u Car. 2, C 11. d0ned by the late Act, intituled, An Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act against Exporting of Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers earth, fulling clay, and tobacco pipe clay.

23 H. 8. C 17*

Exporting or carrying of Seep, Wool, Wool fells, Hording;, Shorlings,

Yarn, wooj fl; cks, fullers eanh, fulling cliy, out of England, Wales or Ireland.

'Bunij V 2. 503, V

Felony.

In Part repealed by 7 & % W, 3. e.ae, §. 4,

WHEREAS against the Laws of this Kingdom great Number of Sheep, and great Quantities of Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers earth or fulling clay, are secretly exported, transported, carried and conveyed out of the Kingdom of England,

' Dominion of Wales, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and Kingdom of Ireland, into the Kingdom of Scotland, and into foreign Parts, to the great Decay of the Woollen Manufactures, the Ruin of many Families, and the Destruction of the Navigation and Commerce of the Kingdoms, Town, and Dominion aforesaid, which is like daily to increase, if some further Remedy be not provided, and further Penalties imposed upon the Offenders therein: '

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall from and after the first Day of August one thousand six hundred sixty and two, directly or indirectly export, transport, carry or convey, or shall cause to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of or from the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town rf Berwick upon Tweed, or after the first Day of January one thousand six hundred sixty and two out of the Kingdom of Ireland, into any Parts or Places out of the Kingdoms or Dominion aforesaid, or into the Kingdom of Scotland, any Sheep or Wool whatsoever, of the Breed or Growth of the 't kingdoms or Dominion aforesaid, or any wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, or any Fullers earth or Fulling clay whatsoever, or shall directly or indirectly pack or load, or cause to be packed cr loaden upon any Horte, Cart or other Carriage, or shall load or lay on Board, or cause to be loaden or laid on Board, in any Ship or other Vessel, in any Place within the Kingdoms of England cr Ireland, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, any such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers earth or Fulling clay, to the Intent or purpose to export, transport, carry or convey the same, or to cause the same to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of the Kingdoms of england.or Ireland, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, into the Kingdom of Scotland or into any Foreign Parts; that then every such Offence shall be adjudged Felony, and the Offender or Offenders being duly convicted, flail suffer and forfeit as in Case of Felony.

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. C 18.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner of any such Ship or other Vessel, and every Owner of every Horse, Cart or Carriage, upon which any Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yam made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers earth or Fulling clay, shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed as aforesaid, or to any such Intent or Purpose as aforesaid, know ing thereof, and being wittingly and willingly aiding, afllfting' or confcnting thereunto, and also every tuafler and Mariner of or in such Ship or other Vessel, wherein any such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yam made of Wool; wool flocks, Fullers earth or Fulling clay, shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or loaden or laid on Board as aforesaid, to any such Intent or Purpose as aforesaid, knowing thereof, and being wittingly and willingly aiding, assisting or consenting thereunto, and also every Factor or Servant, or other Person whatsoever, and every Customer, Comptroller, Waiter, Searcher, Surveyor or other Officer or Person whatsoever, knowing thereof, and being wittingly or willingly aiding, aflifling or consenting thereunto, shall be, and shall be adjudged and taken to be, a Felon, and every Offender and Offenders therein, being duly convicted, shall suffer and forfeit as in Case of Felony.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Offence which shall be done or committed contrary to this Act, shall and may be inquired of, and heard, examined, tried and determined in the County where such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers earth or Fulling clay respectively, shall be so packed, laden, or laid on Board as aforesaid, or else in the County where such Offender shall happen to be apprehended or arrested for such Offence, in such Manner and Form, and to such Effect to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Offence had been wholly done and committed in the same County.

V. Provided also, That every Baron, and other Peer of this Realm, which shall be indicted or accused is Principal or Accessary in or to any Offence made Felony by this at, shall have his, her or their Trial, by his, her or their Peers, as in Cases of Felony at the common-law.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time hereafter be impeached for any Offence made Felony by this Act, unless such Person or Persons shall be thereof indicted within the Space of one Year next ensuing such Offence committed.

6 VII. And forasmuch as great Quantities of Woo], Woollen Yarn and wool flocks, are close packed' ' and pressed together with Screws and other unlawful Engines, into Butts, Pipes, Hogsheads, Chefls and

other Casks and Vessels, and into Sacks, Bags and other Wrappers made of Wool or Linen, and under Colour of Bales, Sacks, Bags, Packs and Casks of other Goods, and otherwise, great Quantities of the same are daily loaden on Board of Ships or other Vessels, and so are carried, conveyed, exported and

transported out of the Kingdoms, Town of Berwick and Dominion aforesaid; also great Quantities

are daily carried and laid at or near the Coasts of the Sea, or some Navigable Rivers, into store houses and Barns, and by Night are laid on Board of Shallops, and other Vessels belonging to Aliens, and so < carried and exported out of the Kingdoms, Town of Berwick and Dominion aforesaid (z) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August, no Person or Persons shall press together with any Screws, Presses or other Engines, into any Sack, Pack, Bag or other Wrapper, or shall put, press, pack or flean any Wool whatsoever, or any Yarn made of Weal, into any Butt, Pipe, Hogshead, Chest or any other Calk or Vessel, upon any Pretence whatsoever, or shall carry or lay, or cause to be carried or laid, at or near the Shore or Coasts of the Sea, or of any Navigable River, or into any House or Place near adjoining thereunto, any such wool, wool flocks or Yarn made of Wool, with Intention to export, transport, carry or convey the same out of the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or Dominion of Wales, into the Kingdom of Scotland or into any Foreign Parts, under the Penalty of the Loss and Forfeiture of all such Wool, wool flocks and Yarn made of Wool, as shall be so packed or pressed, or put or laid into Caflc, or carried and laid near to the Seashore or to any Navigable River as aforesaid, or the Value thereof.

VIII. And whereas great Quantities of Fullers earth or Fulling clay are daily carried and exported under the Colour of tobacco pipe clay (z) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no tobacco pipe clay shall from and after the flrfl Day of August one thousand six hundred sixty and two, be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of or from the Kingdom of England, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or after the flrfl Day of January one thousand six hundred sixty and two, out of or from the Kingdom of Ireland or the Dominion of Wales, into the Kingdom of Scotland, or into any Foreign Parts, or into any Port or Place out of the Kingdom or Dominion aforesaid; the Penalty of three Shillings for every Pound of tobacco pipe clay which shall be exported or transported contrary to this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the flrfl Day of August

one thousand six hundred sixty and two, no Packs, Sacks, Bags or Calk of any Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers earth, Fulling clay or tobacco pipe clay, shall be laid or loaded on any Horse, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or shall be carried or conveyed by Land to or from any Place or Places within the Kingdom of England, Town of Berwick or Dominion aforesaid, nor after the flrfl; Day of January one thousand six hundred sixty two, in the Kingdom of Ireland, but in the daytime and at seasonable Hours, (that is to say) from and after the full Day of March to the nine and twentieth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of four of the Clock in the Morning and eight of the Clock in the Evening; and from the nine and twentieth Day of September to the flrfl Day of March yearly, between the Hours of seven of the Clock in the Morning and five of the Clock in the Evening, under the Penalty of the Loss and Forfeiture of all such Goods or the Value thereof; (z) the one Moiety of all which Forfeitures mentioned in this Act to be to the Use of the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court ot Record, in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed. '

X Provided nevertheless, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to repeal, disannul and make void any the Penalties, Clauses or Provisoes mentioned in

Aiders and af filters therein shall be adjudged Felon,

Offences agair.ft tills Act, where to be examined and tried.

Peer?.

None to be impeached unl. fs within one Year next after the Offence committed.

The Prefeeution may be within three Years.

9 & to W. 3, C 40.

Scrues and unlawful Engines for pre fling together of Wool not to be used.

The Penalty,

Fulling clay, tobacco pipe clay, not to be exported.

The Penalty.

Packs of Wool, wool fells, C shall not be car ried but in the daytime.

The Penalty,

Proviso,

iz Car. 2, C 32. 13 Car. 2. Stat. I. C 14.

Proviso for ownersofships that hays offended, and shall firstdif cover the same.

Owners, C exempt from Penalties, and inlitled to Benefit of former acts.

1 WM.

Self. 1. C 22. §.8..'Common nu fance.

Who may hear and determine the saidoffences. Farther provi/i ons relating hereto, I IV Sf M. Stat. I. C 32. t&mv.i. c.zz. 2. r.21. ligeo,

3 Ed. 4. C 39 Eliz, C 14.

Ho Foreign Wool Cart S, Card wyre or Jron wyre fer Wool cards, nay be imported.

For Importation of Iron wyre, see 1 8s 3 W. & M. Seif, 2. C 4. y 18.

The Penalty.

Burn, V 2. 583, fefc.

Proviso for a mending of old

Wool cards.

See the References to the foregoing Chapter,

12 Car. 2. C 24.

4&5 WM. c. 24.

C 19, 20. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

one Act of this present Session of Parliament, made against the Transportation of Wool, wool fells, Fullers earth or any Kind, of Scouring earth; (z) or to the Prohibiting of the Loading on Board of any Ship or Vessel, of any Weather Sheep, Wool, wool flocks or other Goods mentioned in this Act, that by the aforesaid Act is permitted to be loaden on Board of any Ship or Vessel, for the necessary Use or Provision of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That if any Owner of any Ship or Vessel, or any Mailer or Mariner, knowing of such Transportation of such Sheep, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers earth, Fulling clay or tobacco pipe clay, shall within three Months next after the Knowledge thereof, or after his Return into the Kingdom of England or Ireland, or into the said Town of Berwick or Dominion of Wales aforesaid, give the first Information bona fide before any of the Barons of either of the Courts of the Exchequer in England or Ireland for the Time being, or before the Head officer of any Port where he shall first arrive, upon his or their Oath, of the Number and Quantity of the Goods mentioned in this Act, so carried, conveyed and transported, and by whom, where and in what Ship or Vessel, and afterwards shall be ready upon reasonable Warning by Process to justify and prove the same; That then such Owner and Owners, Master, Mariner and Mariners shall not be punished for Felony by Virtue of this Act, but shall nevertheless be subject to all other Penalties and Forfeitures in this or any other Act contained for the Offence aforesaid. (2) And all such Exportation, Transportation, Carrying or Conveying of any the Goods, Wares or Commodities in this Act mentioned, is hereby declared and adjudged to be a common and public Nuisance.

XII. And for the better Execution of this Act, Be it further enacted, That all Justices of Assize, justices of gaol delivery and Justices of Peace, shall inquire of all the Premises in their General Quarter sessions, and hear and determine the same; (2) and that all Mayors, Bailiffs and other Head ofhcers of Cities, Boroughs and Towns, not having Jurisdiction to try Felony, shall inquire of all and every Offence within this Act not made Felony, and hear and determine the same.

9 10 W. 3. C 40. to 6f 11 IF. 3. C 10. 3 Geo. 1. c. 21. 4 Geo. 1. C n. 5 Geo. t. C n. 12 Geo. 1. c. 34, 13 Geo. 1. c. 23. 5 Gtc.

2, C 21, 15 Geo. 2. c. 27. 25 Geo. 2. c. 14. 26 Geo. 2. c. 8 sir 11. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. XIX.

An Act against Importing of Foreign Wool card, Card wyre or Iron wyre.

WHEREAS by the Acts of Parliament made in the third Year of King Edward the Fourth, and the nine and thirtieth Year of Queen Elizabeth, and several other Statutes before that Time made,

' It is enacted (amongst otherthings therein contained) that no Cards for Wool, nor iron thread com rnonly called White wyre) shall be imported, sent or conveyed into this Realm of England, whereinthe bell Iron thread or Wyre for making Wool cards is made, and by the said Manufacture of making and drawing of Wyre, and Wool cards, very many poor People of this Kingdom, and their Families have been employed and maintained, and the Wool cards made thereof are of great Concernment to this Kingdom for the good making of Woollen Cloth; (2) and whereas contrary to the said Statutes, not only much Foreign Card wyre but also Foreign Wool cards have been in these late Times imported into this Kingdom, and also within the same many old Wool cards are by ill disposed Persons (for their private Lucre) bought up, and the old Iron wyre of the said old Wool cards, being very weak and insufficient for the well carding of Wool, is put into new Leather and new Boards, and so uttered

and sold to ignorant People for new Wool cards, to their great Detriment and the Indamaging of their Work, Carding of Wool, and the Cloth made thereof: By all which, very great Inconveniences have been found by Experience of Clothiers in their Making of English Cloth, which is lately much debated and decayed, and wherein this Nation is greatly concerned to uphold and encourage the well making

thereof in and by all Ways and Means in any wise conducible thereunto (3) Be it therefore enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, assembled in Parliament; and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Foreign Wool cards or Foreign Card wyre or Iron wyre for making of Wool cards, be imported into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or any Parts thereof, nor used within the same, nor any Card w yre taken out of old Cards, be from henceforth put into new Leather and new Card boards, nor any such Wool cards made thereof be put to sale; upon the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures hereafter following, (that is to say) Every Person or Persons who shall import or bring any Foreign Wool cards or Foreign Card wyre, or Iron wyre for making of Wool cards, into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or any Parts thereof, or make any Wool cards of any such old Wyre as aforesaid, or put the same to sale, shall forfeit the said Wool cards and Card wyre, or Iron wyre for making Wool cards, or the Value thereof if the same be not seized; one Half part thereof < to the King's Majesty, and the other Half part thereof to such Person or Persons who shall first fe fe or sue a for the same by action of Debt, Plaint, Bill, Information or Indictment, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the County, City, Borough or Town Corporate where such offence shall. committed; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or Injunction shall be allowed or admitted.

II. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to hinder the Owners of any Wool cards, to cause them to be amended for their own Use, or to transport or sell (for Transportation only) any their old overworn Wool cards, into any Parts beyond the Seas out of his Majesty's Dominions.

CAP. XX.

An act for providing of Carriage by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance. How Carriages shall be provided for his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance. The Rates allowed for Carriages. Impressing of Persons, Ships, Vessels for Carriages. Penalty on such as neglect or re 8 fuse.

fuse. The Time of Continuance in the Service. Present Payment to be made. No Gifts or Rewards may be taken by Justices of the Peace to spare any Person The Penalty and how to be recovered. None may impress, other than Persons impowered as aforesaid. The Penalty. Ships and Vessels fraighted by charter party, exempted. The Continuance of this Act. Continued by n L' 12 TV. 3. C 13. §. 1. for seven Years, from Sept. 1700.

EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for preventing, the nnneceflary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accounts.

WHEREAS the Office of Sheriff, as well by Reason of the great and unnecessary Charges in the 13 Sd. 1. e. Time of Assizes and other public Meetings, as by the tedious Attendance and Charge of She 12 Ed'c' '

' riffs in passing of their Accounts in the Exchequer, hath of late Years been very burdensome to the Gentry of this your Realm, who in the late Times of Tyranny and Oppression have been great Sufferers,

and thereby much impoverished in their Estates and Fortunes For Remedy wherein, your majesty's most loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses assembled in Parliament, do moult humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be dedared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of thelords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons being duly sworn into the Office of Sheriff for any County or Shire within this Sheriffs at the your majesty's Realm, shall from and after the first Day of February next ensuing, in the Time of the ket'^ot^hies Assizes held for the said County or Shire during his or their Sheriffalty, keep or maintain, or cause to be for others than kept or maintained, one or more Table of Tables, for Receipt or Entertainment of any Person or Persons of their own fa referring to the said Assizes, other than those that shall be of his own Family or Retinue; (3) nor shall an<treti make or send in any Present to any Judge or Judges of Assize for his or their Provision, nor give any Gra Nor make no tuity to his or their Officers or Servants, or any of them; (4) and also that no Sheriff shall after the said Present or Gift first Day of February have more than forty Menservants with Liveries attending upon him in the Time of

of the said Assizes, nor under the Number of twenty Menservants, in any County whatsoever within The Number of the Kingdom of Englandnor under the Number of twelve Menservants in any County within the Do servants with minion of Wales; (3) upon Pain that every Sheriff offending in any of the Premises contrary to the true Meaning hereof, shall forfeit for every Default the Sum of two hundred Pounds. pena lt of 2001.

II. Provided that nothing before in this Act contained shall in any wise extend unto, or any ways con Proviso forshe_' cern, the Sheriffs of the City of London and Middlesex, and the Sheriff of ivefhnerland, or either of them, riffs of dondonj or any of the Sheriffs of or belonging to any City and County, or Town and County within this Realm; Middlesex, but that the same Sheriff or Sheriffs shall or may do as heretofore hath been used or accustomed within the and clrie^and said County of Middlesex and Cities of London and Westminster,: and such other Cities and Counties, or counties; Towns and Counties aforesaid; anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And to the End that Sheriffs may for the Time future be eased of the great Charge and Trouble How Sheriffs which they heretofore have been put to in passing their Accounts in the Exchequer, occasioned partly in (hah be eased in regard that diverse Sums of Money have flood charged upon them in gross, without expressing from counifinahe- what Persons, for what Cause, or out of what Lands or Tenements the same are to be particularly le Exchequer,

vied, or out of what Particulars the said Sums in gross do arise, (whereby it cometh to pass that the said Sheriffs do still stand charged in gross with diverse Sums of Money, which were heretofore payable by Abbots, Priors, Persons attainted, and such other Persons, whose Estates have since come to the Crown,

or are otherwise discharged or illeviable) and partly by the Account of Seizures or foreign Account, and by the Exaction of undue Fees of Sheriffs upon their Apposal concerning the same:

IV'. For the preventing whereof, and for the future Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts be it Seizures of tnaffed and declared, That from henceforth every Seizure for or concerning any Lands, Tenements and Lands remain hereditaments, now remaining charged in the foreign Account of any Sheriff or Sheriffs within the King Michaelmas dom of England for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand six hundred and sixty, shall be from the t66o. said foreign Account charged particularly in the Great Roll of the Exchequer; (2) and that the several Remembrancers of the said Court, or their respective Deputies, do in their respective Offices forthwith, and so from Time to Time for the Future, write and make true and perfect Copies of all and every such other Seizure and Inquisition as already are or hereafter shall be certified into their respective Offices, with Seizures hereafo out certifying the Copy of the Writ, or Commission at large, upon which such Seizure or Inquisition is ter taj<en°rre or shall be so taken and returned, mentioning only in brief the Date of the said Writ or Commission, and turn shall deliver the same Copies well and truly examined and attested under his or their Hands, to the en grosser of the said Great Roll; (3) and that all such of the said Seizures and Inquisitions as now are returned into any of their respective Offices shall be delivered before the first Day of February next coining:

And that all such other Seizures as shall hereafter be returned or certified into their respective Offices, shall be delivered so examined and attested as aforesaid, to the said Engroffer before the first Day of the next Term after the said Remembrancers shall have received the same, so as the same may be charged in the Great Roll, to the End that the Process of the Court may from thence issue for levying the Issues and;

Profits thereof to the Use of the Crown; (4) unto which said Remembrancers or their Deputies, shall be Fers to the Refrain Time to Time paid for every Sheet which they, or their respective Clerks, shall so write and deliver, membraheers. rite Sum of eight Pence, the same to be paid unto them by the aforesaid respective Sheriffs, who shall be allowed the same by the Barons upon their respective Accounts, out of the Issues. and Profits arifingoutof the Premises so seized; and no Sheriff or Sheriffs for this present Year one thousand six hundred sixty sheriffs ffiali not and one, nor any Sheriff' or Sheriffs to be hereafter made or appointed within this Kingdom of England, answrilieriable shall be charged in Account to answer any illeviable Seizure, Farm, Rent or Debt, or other Seizure,

Farm, Rent, Debt, Matter or Thing whatsoever, which was not writ in Process to him or them to be k*nti, > C levied, wherein the Persons of whom, or the Lands or Tenements out of which, together with the Cause

for

254 C 2l. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

Seizures before 1 Jac. and diverse others, to be left out of the Sheriffs Account,

for which the same shall be so levied, shall be plainly and particularly expressed, but shah be thereof wholly discharged, without Petition, Plea, or other Trouble or Charge whatsoever.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Seizures heretofore made before the first Year of the Reign of the late King James of ever Blessed Memory, now remaining in the Accounts of Sheriffs, and all Seizures and Debts which are pardoned, shall be and are hereby fully discharged; that the same and every of them shall hereafter be left out of Sheriffs Accounts, without further Order, Plea, Petition, or other Charge to any Sheriff or Sheriffs whatsoever; (2) and that no Process shall from henceforth be written forth to any Sheriff for the Levying of the same, or any of them, nor for any other Rent or Farm, which cannot be explained by setting forth the Particulars thereof, or which have been unanswered by the Space of forty Years last pad; (3) and that all other dead Farms and Seizures, and all desperate, tlleviable, and unintelligible Debts shall be removed out of the annual Roll, and Sheriffs Charge, into the Exannual Roll, there to remain, until by Commission they shall be revived and made answerable, 1 r cess for

VI. And to the End that all new Debts arising and coming into the Exchequer for the Future may be

i>tbrs to be sent sent forth in Process within convenient Time, be it also enacted and declared, That the aforesaid several nient Time6" Remembrancers do forthwith inrol and certify to the Paid Ingrosser of the Great Roll, all such Debts as any Sheriff or Sheriffs of this Realm are or hereafter shall be charged withal, either by Virtue of their respective Retorns made to the Barons of the said Exchequer upon his Majesty's Writs of Fieri facias, Levari. facias, Capias or other Process; and also of all Fines and Amerciaments which are or shall be set and Imposed by the Court of Exchequer, upon any Sheriff or Sheriffs for his or their Contempts or Neglects; (that is to say) That all and every such Debts, Fines and Amerciaments, as now are returned, fetor imposed in any of the said Offices, shall be delivered as aforesaid, before the first Day of February next ensuing: :,) And all. such Debts, Fines and Amerciaments as shall hereafter be returned, fetor imposed in any of the respective Offices, shall be also delivered by the lirff Day of the next Term after such Retorns made, or such Fines and Amerciaments so fetor imposed; (4) that so they may be all charged in the The Penalty Sheriffs Accounts respectively, and comprehended within his or their Quietus ef; (5) upon Pain that every don this°r Officer or Officers in the said Exchequer, who shall in anything offend contrary to this present Act, shall ai>ainst this Act? forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds for every such Offence; whereof one Moiety shall be to the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties who shall be thereby aggrieved; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed or admitted.

VII. And it is hereby further provided and ordained, That no Person shall be assigned to be Sheriff of any County within this Realm, except such as have Lands within the same County sufficient to answer the King and his People.

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King James over England, it was provided, That whensoever any Sheriff upon passing his Accounts, C should have his Quietus ejl, that he should be thereby absolutely discharged of all Sums of Money by him levied and received, and pretended not to be accounted for within the said Account whereupon he had his Qidetus ef, unless such Sheriff should be called in question for such Sums of Money so pretended to be levied, and not accounted for, within four Years after the Time of such Account, and Quietus ef, which Act notwithstanding, diverse Sheriffs and their Heirs upon such Pretences have beenmolefted and troubled many Years after their Accounts, and Quietus ef, and have had Process sent out against them,

' contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; '(2) It is hereby further provided and enacted, That when any Sheriff or Sheriffs within the Kingdom of England or Dominion of Wales, upon passing their Accounts shall have their Quietus ef, that then such Sheriff and Sheriffs, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels, shall be thereby absolutely discharged of all Manner of Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by them levied and received, notwithstanding any such Pretence that the same were not accounted for, or other Pretence whatsoever, unless such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall be called in Question, and that Judgement shall be given against him or them for the same, within four Years next after such Account or Quietus ef; (3) and that every Officer or Minister by whom, or by whose Default, any Writ or Process contrary to this Act shall be lent out, shall incur the like Forfeitures and Penalties, to be recovered and inflicted by such Persons, and in such Manner, as by the aforesaid Act is provided.

IX. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the Counties of Chcfer, Lancaster, Durham, or the Counties of Wales being County Palatines, as to their Manner of Foroicfter see Accounting, but that the Sheriffs therein shall account as formerly before the respective Auditors only,

3 Geo. 1. c. 15. and not elsewhere.

I}. Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to enjoin his Majesty's

the kt>g'sere ls Remembrancer, or the Lord treasurer's Remembrancer, to transcribe and deliver to the Ingrosser of the meinbi ancerand Great Roll, any Inquifidons or Seizures, but such as have been formerly charged in the Foreign Accounts i, Lori treasurer's of the Sheriffs; (2) but for all Inquisitions upon Attainders, or other Forfeitures to the Crown, the same i Remembrancer. in c]large as heretofore they have been, according to the constant Usage and Decree of the

Court of Exchequer; (3) nor shall this Act, or anything therein contained, extend to exclude his Ma said Remembrancer of cr from the Writing forth Process for or upon any his Majesty's Debts, 1 u ties. Outlawries, or other Charge whatsoever, or Process of Levari facias, at the Prosecution of anyfcr lon or Persons, to levy the Issues or Profits of any Lands or Tenements seized or to be seized into the King's Hands, or Process of Venditioni exponas for Goods seized or to be seized upon any Debt to liismajesty, his Heirs or Successors, or upon any Outlawry, or to alter or change the Pleadings or other Proceedings heretofore used and accustomed in the said Office upon any Pleadings touching the said Debts, Duties and Seizures, or any of them whatsoever; (4) and that no Debt, Duty, Fine, Amerciament or Seizure whatsoever, which shall be charged in the said Great Roll of the Pipe upon any Person whatsoever, by or from any Record, Process or Proceeding had, made, filed or recorded in the Office of his Ma -

9"ed. a. Staf, t, 5 Ed, 3. C 4.

21 Jac. 1. C 5.

A Quietus eft to be a fufneient D'scharjje fora Sheriff, if not questioned with in four Tears af ter grantors C Of,

Chester, lnnci fter, Durham, Wales.

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 22. 255

jesty's Remembrancer of his Exchequer, nor any Process or Proceeding thereupon to be had or made by Virtue of this Act, shall be respited, stayed, mitigated, extenuated, compounded, or otherwise discharged, but by Order, Warrant or Judgement made, filed or entered in the said Office of his Majesty's remembrancer, where the Original of such Debt, Duty or Charge as aforesaid, is and remaineth: (5) And that, in Cale' any Process of bummons of the Pipe have been or shall be awarded for or upon any such Debt,

Duty, Fine, Amerciament or Seizure whatsoever, and the same Debt, Duty, Fine, Amerciament or Seizure, shall not upon such Summons of the Pipe be levied or answ.eted unto his Majesty; then, the Clerk of the Pipe, or Engroffer of the Great Roll, shall the next Term, after the Return of such Summons certify the same ina Schedule into the Office of his Majesty's Remembrancer aforesaid, to the End that further Process may be from thence written forth, for the Levying and Answering thereof; (6) and that this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend unto, nor be construed to be prejudicial to his Majesty's Remembrancer in his Exchequer, in any just, ancient and lawful Fees by him claimed, or belonging or incident to his Office, and usually had and received by him or his Predecessors; in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

This Act to continue to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer. [Made The corninu perpetual by t Jac. a. C 17. §. 4.] ss.r

ons relating hereto, 3 Geo. 1. C j5. 6 Geo. I. C 21. §.53. 20 Geo. 2. c. 37. 24 Geo. 2. c. 48. §. 12. and 32 Geo. 2. C 14.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for Preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

WHEREAS a great Number of lewd, disorderly and lawless Persons, being Thieves and Robbers, who are commonly called Moss troopers, have successively for many and sundry Years last past been bred, resided in, and frequented, the Borders of the two respective Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, and the next adjacent Parts of Scotland, and they taking the Opportunity of the large waste Heaths and Mosses, and the many intricate and dangerous Ways and by paths in those Parts, do usually, after the most notorious Crimes committed by them, escape over from the one Kingdom into the other respectively, and so avoid the Hand of Justice, in regard the Offences done and perperated in the one Kingdom cannot be punished in the other.

II. And whereas since the Time of the late unhappy Distractions, such Offences and Offenders, as a

have exceedingly more increased and abounded, and the several Inhabitants of the said respective Counties have been for diverse Years last paftnecessitated, at their own free and voluntary Charge to main tain several Parties of Horsefor the necessary Defence of their Persons, Families and Goods, and to the

End the aforesaid evil and pernicious Members might be apprehended and brought to Judgement; - (z)

and whereas the most Part of the Inhabitants of the said Counties, being more remote from the Borders than other Parts, and consequently not so much exposed to imminent Dangers as others, are therefore

unwilling to contribute their proportionable Parts of the aforesaid Charge, and yet notwithstanding it cannot probably or possibly be avoided, but that those Inhabitants of the respective Counties who hold

themselves moult secure, must certainly sustain much Damage and Detriment in their Goods and Estates.

' Case the aforesaid Moss troopers be not timely suppressed, but suffered to grow numerous, strong and potent, which they mult needs do incase there be no Restraint upon them; '(3) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority thereof, That from and after thefeaft of St. Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, for and during the Term of five Years next ensuing the Date of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Justices of Peace of the said respective Counties, or the major Part of them, at any General Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Counties respectively, on the Behalf of the said Counties, or either of them, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, to make an Order in open Court of Sessions for Charging, according to their several Proportions, all and every the several Inhabitants of the said respective Counties, for the Safeguard and Securing of the said several Counties and Inhabitants thereof, from all Injury, Violence, Spoil and Rapine of the Moss troopers aforesaid.

III. Provided, That the said County of Northumberland be not by Force of this Act at any Time charged above the Sum of five hundred Pounds in the Year; nor the said County of Cumberland charged above the Sum of two hundred Pounds in the Year: (2) And for this End and Purpose, the said several Justices of Peace of the respective Counties aforesaid are hereby empowered and authorised at any their General Quarter sessions aforesaid, to appoint and imploy from Time to Time, if Occasion require, any Person or Persons to have the Conduct and Command of a certain Number of Men, not exceeding the Number of thirty Men in the County of Northumberland, and twelve in the County of Cumberland, Whereby the Malefactors aforesaid may be searched out, discovered, pursued, apprehended, and brought to Trial of the Law: (3) And all and every the said Justices of Peace of the respective Counties aforesaid, or the major Part of them, at any General Sessions of the Peace to beholden for the said Counties, or either of them respectively, are hereby further empowered and authorised by Force of this present Act to make and issue forth their respective Warrants under their Hands, for the Levying and Collecting any Sum or Sums of Money ordered to be paid for and towards the Safeguard and Securing of the said Counties respectively, as aforesaid, and to give full Power to the several Constables and Other Officers, to raise, levy and collect the said Money, and all and every the Inhabitants of the said several Counties, according to their respective proportionable Estates in Lands or Goods, by Distress and Sale of Goods, rendering the Overplus, if there be any, to the respective Owner or Owners: (4) And the fain justices of Peace in the said several Counties, or any one of them respectively, are hereby also authorised to examine any Complaint made against the Collectors and Constables, or any other Officers or Ministers of justice whatsoever,

Co

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

j. Jac. I. C I.

7 Jai. C 1. .7 & S Will. 3. C 17.

32 Will. 3 C 6, 12 Ann. C 10.

Ettz. CII

Encouragements or Merchants* and Trade. C

V 3* 59s*

or any of them, or any other refractory Person or Persons whatsoever, that at any Time hereafter shall refuse, neglect or fail to give Obedience to this Act, or shall do any Act or Acts in Disturbance or Obstruction thereof, and to bind over such Person or Persons to the next Quarter sessions according to the known Law's of the Land, to the End such Person or Persons may be proceeded withal according to Justice.

IV. And the said respective Justices of Peace, as aforesaid, are hereby further empowered and authorised on Behalf of the said several Counties respectively, to appoint a Treasurer to receive from the said Collectors the Moneys by them collected, and to pay over the same according to the Orders they shall receive from the said Justices at the General Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said respective Counties: (2) And the said Justices are also empowered to agree and article with such Person or Persons yearly, as they shall think fit to employ in the said Service, and to take sufficient Security of them for the faithful and most effectual Performance thereof, for the best Safeguard, Advantage and Benefit of the People, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And in Case any Person or Persons shall in Pursuance of this Act be employed in the Border service, and shall at any Time hereafter wilfully and corruptly, or for any sinister Respect whatsoever, 1 neglect or forbear to discover or apprehend, or to bring to Trial any of the said Persons called Moss trcopers, as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof according to Law, he or they shall from thenceforth be disabled and made uncapable for ever after, to manage or take upon him or them the said Employment, and to suffer such Fine and Imprisonment, according to the Quality of his or their Offence, as the Justices of Peace at their General Sessions shall think fit to inflict.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby declared, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of Peace of either of the said Counties as aforesaid respectively, at any Time hereafter, to moderate or lessen the said Charge, if they see Cause.

VII. Provided, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for five Years and no longer.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for better Suppression and Punishment of the said Moss trcopers fix ing out of England into Scotland, or out of Scotland into England, the Statutes made in die several Sessions of Parliament in the fourth and seventh Years of King James shall be revived and put in Execution according to their true Intent.

[18 Car. 2. cap. 3. Continued for seven Years from the Expiration of this Act. Farther continued for eleven Years by 10 Geo. X C 17. §. 1. Continued till 1 Sept. 1741, C by 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. §. 7. and by 17 Geo. 2. c. 40. to 24 June 1751, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XXIII.

An additional Act concerning Matter of Assurance 11 fed among! Merchants.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the three and fortieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth of happy Memory, intituled, An Act concerning Matters of assurances used amongst mer i chants; the Parliament then taking into Consideration, by all good Means" to comfort and encourage the Merchants of this Kingdom, thereby to advance and increase the Wealth of this Realm, her majesty's Customs and the Strength of Shipping, and for preventing of diverse Mischiefs in the said Act mentioned; was enacted, That it (hold and might be lawful for the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, to award forth under the Great Seal of England one ge 1 neral or (landing Commission to be renewed yearly at the lead, and otherwise so often as unto the Lord 1 Chancellor or Lord Keeper (hold seem meet, for the hearing and determining of Causes arffing 011 1 Policies of Assurance, such as then were, or then after (hold be entered within the Office of Assurance of the City of London; (2) which Commissions should be directed to the Judge of the Admiralty for the Time being, the Recorder of London for the Time being, two Doctors of the Civil Law, two Common Lawyers, and eight grave or discreet Merchants, or any five of them; (3) which Commissioners,

' or the greater Part of them which (hold fit and meet, (hold have full Power and Authority to hear,

' examine, order and decree all and every such Cause or Causes in a brief and summary Course without Formalities of Pleadings or' Proceedings, with Power to warn Parties to come before them, and to examine upon Oath any Witnesses that (hold be produced, and to commit to Prison any Person that should wilfully disobey their final Orders and Decrees; (4) and the Commissioners to sit once Weekly - upon the Execution of the said Commission, with a Liberty in the said Act for any Person grieved by any such Sentence or Decree, to exhibit his Bill in Chancery for the re examination of such Sentence or Decree, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, more at large may appear: (5) But for as much as by the said recited Act, without five Commissioners there cannot be a Court, and without there he a Court they cannot proceed in the Execution of their Commission, so much as to summon Parties or Witnesses to appear; and in Case of Neglect or Refusal of any Party or Witness to appear, I 1 they have no Power to punish the Delay or Contempt with Cods, or otherwise; and it is provided 1 ' by the said Act, That not any Commissioner, other than the Judge of the Admiralty, or the Recorder 1 of London, shall proceed in the Execution of such Commission, before he hath taken his Oath before the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen to proceed uprightly and indifferently between Party and Party,

v/hicli, upon the renewing of the said Commissions, often proves a great Delay, there being so many Commissioners to be sworn, and the Court of Aldermen not sitting at sometimes in the Year when lc the said Commissions have happened to be renewed; (7) and although the said Commissioners upon L their final Sentence have Power to commit to Prison any Person that shall wilfully disobey their said Sen

' tences or Decrees, yet they have no Power to make any Order against the Ship or Goods, which commonlyarethe Things allured; (8) by which Omissions, for want of pow er given by the said Act, the Benefits intended by the said Act of Parliament are much retarded, and the Mischiefs by the Act en j deavoured to be prevented, much increased

II. For

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 24. 257

Three of imtiov' ered to ait.

1 Shower 356.

Co (if.

Lord Mayor of London may administer the Oath.

Commissionsout of the Admiralty Court to examine Witness beyond Sea.

Witnesses going to Sea, how to be examined before.

II. For Remedy whereof, be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the King' moult Excellent Majesty, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor or Lord keeper.of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, to issue out yearly (or oftener if Need require) one Handing Commission under the Great Seal of England, thereby impowering and authorising the said Commissioners, or any three of them (whereof a Doctor of the Civil Law, or a Barifter at Law of five Years Handing at the lead, to be always one) to meet and sit, and make a Court, and proceed in all Things in the Execution of the said Commission, as before by the said Act any five might have done; (z) and that the said Commissioners, or any such three of them, as aforesaid, be and hereby are impo>vered to summon Parties and witnesses to appear, and in Case of Contempt or wilful Delay in the Witnesses upon the firh Summons and Tender of reasonable Charges, and in the Parties upon their second Summons, to punish the Offenders by imprisonment or Costs for such Time and in such Manner as shall be reasonable, and according to the Nature and Quality of their Offences; (3) and that it shall and may be lawful to and for every such commissioner to proceed in the Execution of the said Commission, having firh taken an Oath before the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being only, to proceed uprightly and indifferently between Party and Party; and the said Lord Mayor is hereby authorised to give such Oath; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: (4) And that no Person shall proceed in Execution of the said comtnif fion, before he be firh sworn before the Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, to proceed uprightly and indifferently between Party and Party, as formerly he (hold have been before the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen.

III. Be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the said Commissioners, or any such three of them as aforesaid, shall find Cause to examine Witnesses beyond the Seas, or any remote Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, for the clearing of any Doubt or Matter before them depending, that in such Case by Direction of the said Commissioners, or any such three of them, like Commissions or Process shall issue out of the Court of Admiralty, as have formerly been for the Purposes aforesaid, returnable before the said Commissioners; (2) and that the said Commissioners, or any such three of them, shall have also Power to give and pass their final Sentence, Decree and Executions, as well against the Body of the Party evicted, or his Goods, as also against the Executors and Administrators of such Party so evicted; and to assess Costs of Suit upon such Person or Persons as shall be condemned by the Decree of the said Court, as to them ball seem juff.

IV. And forasmuch as many witnesses (as Seamen and others) come and speedily go again to Sea,

' before a Court can be summoned, by which Means the Assured and Affurers are many Times much damnified; '(2) For. the preventing of which Mischief, be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the said Commissioners to administer an Oath to any Witness legally summoned to give Testimony, (timely Notice being thereof given to the adverse Party, m.d. setup in the Office before such Examination) to the End such Witness or Witnesses may be cross examinea.

V. Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall in no Case proceed both against Person and Goods for one and the same Debt; (2) and provided also. That anything in this Act contained shall not in any wise extend to prejudice the Appeal to the High Court of Chancery given or allowed in the raid former Act of Parliament.

ns relating to Ufurancet, 9ann»f. 6. 6 Geo. I. C 18. 7 Geo. I. C 27, §. 26, 8 Geo. X C 15* §. 25. 11 Geo. I, C 30, §. 44. 19 Geo. 2.

(\ 4. and 25 Geo. 2. c. 26.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act Declaratory concerning Bankrupts.

WHEREAS, diverse Noblemen, Gentlemen and Persons of Quality, 'no ways bred up to Trade or Merchandise, do oftentimes put in great Stocks of Money into the Eqjl india Company, of Guiney Conripany, and the Filling Trade, and such other public Societies, and receive the Procede of those Stocks sometimes in ready Moneys, sometimes in Commodities which they usually sell for Money

!or exchange again; by which Means the Trade of those Companies is much encouraged, Filling and Navigation incteased, and the public Good of the whole Kingdom very much advanced

II. notwithstanding which great Advantages to the publick, there hath been lately some Opinion con 34 &.. h. g, ceived, that such Persons may and ought to be made subject to the Statutes provided against Bankrupts; 'C 4.',

III. For the better declaring and explaining the Law therein, and to the End such Perfops may not be j3 £}>?. CC '.

lifcouragtd in those honourable Endeavours for promoting public Undertakings; (2) Be it declared z, jac.l'i. c.vs m.d. enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spiritual and March 34.- '

I'einparal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by. the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever who have adventured or put in, or who. hereafter shall adventure No Persons for put in, any Sum or Sums of Money In the said Baste india Company or Guiney Company, or into any put!ing in mo oint Stock or Stocks of Money by them or either of them made or raised, or to be made and raised, for ney to the earl ud towards the maintaining and carrying on the Trade by the said East-india Company or Guiney Com company or o any managed or to be managed, or who have formerly or shall hereafter adventure Gr put in any Sum or the Fithing r iuins of Money into any Stock or Stocks of Money for the managing and carrying on of the said Fish Trade, (halt bs ng Trade, or the Trade now called the Royal Fishing Trade, and shall receive and take his or their Part jl rvvinthe3 fc Dividend of Fish, Goods or Merchandizes in Specie, and shall sell or exchange the same, shall for orstatuieofbank jy reason only of such adventure of Moneys so put into the said East-india Company or Guiney Company, r»p«. r into any Stock or Stocks for and towards the said Filling Trade, or for or by reason only of the re Ahr'1 eiving and taking such Fish, Goods and Merchandizes in Specie, or selling for Money, or exchanging jfiftd.pt.i, 96. tie same aga n, be adjudged, taken, esteemed or reputed a Merchant or Trader within any Statute or' tatutes for Bankrupts, or be liable to the same.

Vol. III L 1'IV. Provided

Appeal to the Chancery.

43 ellz. C 12. '

Farther provr/t' C 37, 21 Geo. 2.

258 G. 25. Anno decimo tertio Sc quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

t«di^g0r°thtr prov'^e^ always and it is hereby declared, That every Person or Persons who shall trade, traf

The Judgement concerning Sir John wolrten holm made void.

Proviso for purchasers in the Case of Sir John Woiftenholme,

Tarther pr oviji cm relating here to, 10 Ann. C 15. 7 Geo. 1. f. 31. 5 Geo. 2., C 30,

'rading, Trafliquing and Merchandizing, gainst Bankrupts, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, and not otherwise, as if this Atft had never been made; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That a Verdict and Judgement in Replevin heretofore had or given in the Term of Easter in the Year one thousand six hundred fifty-three, in the King's Bench, betwixt pbint hasandrezv, Plaintiff, Richard Woohvtlrd and William Meggs, Defendants, whereby Sir John jvoljhn. holme Knight, an Adventurer in the said India Company, was adjudged and found liable to a com iniffion of Bankrupts, only for a yd by reason of a Share lie had in the joint Stock of the said company, and a pretended telling for Money Part of the Return which he had in Specie' for his said Adventure, shall be and is hereby declared contrary to Law, and is hereby reversed and made void and null.

VI. Provided always and be it enacted, That no af, Sale or Disposition of any the Lands, Tenements

and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels Debts or Credits of the said Sir John, Woljlenhchne, or any dillri button of the same, or of any Money, heretofore made dr done by the Commissioners of Bankrupts, or any claiming under them of any of them by Virtue of Colour of any Commission or Commissions taken out against the said Sir John tvoljlenholme, and wdiereof any Person or Persons is by Virtue or Colour of or under any such' Act, Sale or Disposition actually seized or possessed, shall be hereby impeached or frustrated, but that the same be enjoyed for and toward Satisfaction of the Debts for which the same have been disposed or distributed

is continued ly 31 Geo. 1. c. 35. to 29 sej>l. j-64j. 19 Geo. 2. c. 32. and 24 Geo. 2. c. 57. §. 9.. 1

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the restoring of all such Advowsons, Rectories Impropriate, glebe lands ancj Tithes, to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from, them, and making void certain; Charges imposed on them upon their Compositions for Delinquency, by the late usurped Powers,

WHEREAS many loyal Subjects of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the First, and of the Vy King's Majesty that now is, were upon Pretence of Delinquency for adhering unto and faithfully serving their said Majesties according to their Duty and Allegiance, enforced and constrained by the pre tended Power of the Long Parliament, not only to part with great Sums of Money in Satisfaction or the i said supposed Delinquency, but likewise to settle all or Part of such Advowsons, Rectories, glebe lands and Tithes, Estates and Terms, as they, or any in Trust for them, were then seized or possessed of, and to make Grants and Assurances of Rents and Annuities to and upon such Trustees as were appointed by the said Long Parliament, as well for the Augmentation of certain Vicarages, as for the Use and Main tenance of preaching Ministers and Lecturers, without any valuable Consideration given for the same, t 4 other than some Abatement of those excessive Fines imposed on them for their pretended Delinquency,

and exacted from them by those arbitrary Powers, to the Impoverishing and Undoing of many of the allestatesmade King's most loyal Subjects; '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and de^nquents of with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Advowsonf, Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all Grants, Feoffments, Bargains and Sales, fteaories.&c.for Releases, Confirmations, and other Conveyances and Assurances in the Law, of any higher or lower made void°.ns' Nature whatsoever, had or made by any such pretended Delinquents, their Heirs, Executors or administrators, or by any Person having any Estate or Interest in Law or Equity in Trust for them, or by any other Person or Persons having any Estate or Interest jointly or in common with them, or in Reversion or Remainder after them, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, of any such Advowsons, Rectories impropriate, glebe lands, Tithes, Estates, Terms, Annuities and Rents as aforesaid; to or for the Uses aforesaid, as Part or in full of their Compositions for such pretended Delinquency as aforesaid, and all Securities touching or concerning the same only, be and are hereby adjudged from henceforth null and void in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; saving to all Persons other than the said Trustees and their Heirs, and all claiming under them, all Right to the said Rectories and Premises as hath accrued unto them before the nineteenth Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and two.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tenants, Lessees and Occupiers of all such Advowsons, Rectories impropriate. glebe lands, Tithes and Premises so granted or settled to or upon such Trustees as aforesaid, for the Uses or Purposes aforesaid, shall pay all such Rents as shall hereafter grow due and payable to such Persons only, unto whom the Right and Interest of and in the same Advowsons, Rectories, glebe lands, Tithes and Premises before the said Conveyances or Assurances (intended to be annulled and made void by this present Act) did or should of Right belong or appertain.

III. And whereas the said Conveyances and Assurances in and by this Act intended to be made void, [ion were some of them of Estates in fee simple, and some of them long Terms for years made to Trustees, yl"a*who Redemifed the same at and under such yearly Rents and Sums of Money as were then appointed to be the Augmentation of certain Vicarages or Maintenance for preachin. Ministers, finee which Time many of the Rectories and Lands so conveyed and leased have been absolutely sold, and the re demi es thereof granted and assigned by the Owners thereof for the Benefit of such Purchasers \,) Be it further enacted and ordained by this present Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Purchasers, their Heirs and Assigns, shall pay, and the said former Owners of the said Lands and Rectories, their Executors, Administrators and Aftfons, shall have, hold and enjoy, the said Rents and Sums of Money so reserved for the Augmentation of the said vicarages, and Maintenance for y reaching Ministers, upon the said several re demises, and shall have the same and the like Remedies by Distress, or by Action of Debt for the Recovery thereof, ais the said Trustees who re jdemifed the same Should or might have had if this Act had not been made.

Saving other Rights,

howtenant9 and Lessees under such Estates ftiali pay their Rents.

Rents and Sums appointed for Augmentation of certain i ages.

A.D. 1662. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II C 26. 259

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for Reforming of the Abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of Butter.

' T? Oiasmuch as Butter is one of the principal Commodities of the Product of this Kingdom, and is not 1 g? 4£^, C <.

' J only of an universal Use and expense at Home, but very great Quantities thereof are transported be 2t.

' yond the Seas: (z) And whereas, by Custom Time out of Mind u.ed, every Kilderkin of Butter ought to weigh one hundred thirty and two Pounds Gross at the least; that is to say, one hundred and twelve Butter.'"' f

Pounds of neat Butter, and the Calk twenty Pounds: (j) The Firkin of Butter ought to weigh sixty Th 4 and four Pounds, viz. fifty and six Pounds of good and merchantable Butter neat, and the Calk eight 1 e, r in'

' Pounds; (4) and the Pot of Butter ought to weigh twenty Pounds, viz, fourteen Pounds of good and The not.

' merchantable Butter neat, and the Pot six Pounds: (5) And whereas great Complaint hath been made by the Traders in Butter and Cheese, That by the fraudulent Dealing and Practice of several Farmers,

' Owners and Packers of Butter, and by their irregular Manner of weighing with Stones, Iron Wedges,

' Bricks and other unwarrantable Weights, the same Quantities of Butter are not put up into the respect tive Cask and Pots aforesaid, and the Kilderkin is commonly made to weigh six and twenty Pounds and sometimes eight and twenty Pounds, and the Firkin to weigh ten Pounds or twelve Pounds, and some times thirteen or fourteen rounds Weight, and the Pots are made generally to weigh seven Pounds, and some of them eight Pounds or nine Pounds Weight; (6) and much bad and decayed Butter is mixed and packed up into Kilderkins, Firkins and other Cask and Pots, with sound and good Butter, and im moderate Quantities of Salt intermixed, to the Spoil of the same, and to the great wrong and Abuse of.

' his Majesty in the Victualling of his Navy, of Merchants in the Victualling of their Ships, and of all Traders in the said Commodity, and of, all householders.who buy the same for their.'expence, and to the great Dishonour of the English Nation in the Parts beyond the Seas, and to the Bringing of the said Commodity into great Disrepute abroad, whereby, it. yields not that Price nor is vented there in suck Quantities as otherwise it would.'

II. For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice a Kilderkin of and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled shall con. That from and after the first: Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hun ydesvty Cart; dred sixty and two, every Kilderkin of Butter do and shall contain one hundred and twelve pounds neat 1 e 3 or above, every Pound containing six teen Ounces, besides the Tare of the Cask, and not less, of good and merchantable Butter: (2) Every Firkin of Butter do and shall contain fifty six Pounds neat or above. The Fiikin besides the Weight of the Cask, of good and merchantable Butter: (3) and every Pot of Butter do and 561b shall contain fourteen Pounds neat or above, besides the Weight of the Pot, of good and merchantable r e ot, lb Butter: (4) And that no Butter which is old or corrupt shall be mixed or packed up into any Kilderkin, No old Butter Firkin or other Cask, vessel or Pot whatsoever, with any Butter which is new and found; nor any Whey Ml be mixed. Butter shall be packed or mixed with any Butter that is made of Cream, but that the said respective Sorts wye^buuer' of Butter shall be packed up severally and apart by themselves, and shall not be mixed one with another; ' y hud that every Cask or Pot of Butter shall be of one Sort and Goodness throughout such Cask and Pot;

(;,) and that no Butter shall be salted with any great Salt, but that all Butter shall be faked and saved with small Salt, nor more Salt shall be intermixed with it than shall be needful for its Preservation; The Penalty, upon Pain and Penalty that every Owner, Farmer or Packer of Butter not putting up in each Kiiderkin, Amended by. Firkin and Pot of Butter to be sold or to be exposed to Sale respectively, such Quantities as aforesaid, or w offending in false packing as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall forfeit the V alue of all the Butter so false packed -; (7) and for every Offence where any Kilderkin, Firkin or Pot shall be found to contain a lesser Quantity of Butter than by this Act is appointed, six Times the Value of every Pound of Butter that shall be wanting in any such Cask or Pot.

Ml. Aiid to the Intent that the Benefit intended by this Act may be extended with full Effect to all Persons who. do either cut out Butter by Retail or expend it, (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Cheesemonger or other Person whatsoever, which shall sell to any Person or Per cheesemongers, sobs any Kilderkin or Kilderkins, Firkin or Firkins, Pot or Pots, or other Cask of Butter made after the and all Seilers of said first Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, shall ^iderkyo* deliver in every such Kilderkin, Firkin and other Caflt and Pot respectively, the full Quantity and due C n, itdtiiver Quality appointed by this Act and not less; or in Default thereof dial] be liable to make Satisfaction to theiu>i qjan him or them that buy the same, for what shall be wanting, according to the Price for which the fime^ "th was sold, [Farther provided for by 4 & 5 W. & M. C 7. §.2.] 'sees Geo. i,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day ofc june which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, no Cheesemonger None shall other Person or Persons whatsoever shall repack for sale any Butter in any Kilderkin, Firkin or otherpac^butrerf* Cafic or Pot whatsoever; upon Pain and Penalty that every Cheesemonger or other Person whatf6 --, j

ever which shall repack any Butter into any kilerkin or Kilderkins, Firkin or Firkins, Cask or Casks, le cna L i'

Pot or Pots, to sell the same again, shall for every Firkin, Cask or Pot so packed, forfeit the Sum of double the Value of all such Butter.

V. And for the better Discovery of all Frauds and Abuses which shall be committed against this Act, Fanners and Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Farmer and other Person and Persons pack Seiiirs ing up Butter in Kilderkins, Firkins or any other Cask whatsoever, for Sale, do from and after the said S j'ytof the first Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, pack up w e'isht upo 1 his Butter into good and sufficient Cask made of sound, dry and well seasoned Timber, and shall let upon g?0i)iwidfijfh every Firkin and Calk whatsoever, when the same is thoroughly and fully seasoned in water, a continu 'jj^jjg}1names, 'ing visible Mark of the just Weight of the empty Calk, and do likewise let upon every Kilderkin, Firkin

add Cask when the same is filled with Butter, the first Letter of his or their Christian Name and his or dieir Surname at Length, with an iron brand; (2) upon Pain and Penalty that every Farmer or oath Person or Persons whatsoever offending in not putting cm the Mark of such Weight of Kilderkin, Firkii

in

or

260 C 27^ 28. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662.

or Cask after seasoning, or not setting the first Letter of his or their Christian Name and his or their Surname at Length on every Firkin and Cask as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every hundred Weight of Butter, and so proportionately for a greater or a lesser Quantity that shall be in every such Cask.

Potters shall set

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Potter shall set upon every Pot everwpotburnt "'hich he shall sell for packing up of Butter, the just Weight which shall be of every such Pot when it is and their names! burnt, together with the first Letter of his or their Christian Name and his or their Surname at Length;

(2) upon Pain and Penalty that every Potter which shall not so do, shall forfeit and pay for every Pot which he shall expose to Sale for the Use aforesaid, whereupon he shall not have first set die just Weight, and the first Letter of his Christian Name and his Surname at Length as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling; (3) and that no Farmer or other Person whatsoever shall expose.to Sale any Butter packed up in any other Pot than such as shall be marked by the Potter as aforesaid, upon Penalty of two Shillings for every Pot of Butter which he shall expose to Sale as is not so marked; (4) all and every of which said Offences are to be inquired of, sued for, heard and determined in the Sessions of Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town or Liberty, or in the Court of Record of the City, Borough, Town or Liberty, wherein such Offence shall be committed, by Action of Debt, Indictment, Information or Presentment, wherein Howto bedif no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant; (5) and the one Half of all poled. such Forfeitures shall be to, the Use of the poor People inhabiting within the Parish where such Offence shall be from Time to Time committed, to be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of Double Costs, and in such Parish, and the other Half to him or them that will sue for the same, besides his double Costs Within what thereby expended.

Time Suit mult VII Provided, That every Suit and Information which shall be brought upon this Act shall be com

this ia? upon rnenced within four Months after the Sale of such Butter.

Concerning Butter see farther, 32 Car. 2. C 2, §. 9. 4 W, & M. C 7. 8 Geo. ic. 27.

CAP. XXVII.

j Jac. 1, c. 32. An Act for repairing of Dover Harbour. EXP. See u dsf 12 W. 3. C 5. Duties payable at and towards the Repair of Dover Harbour. Who shall inspect and oversee the Repairs. Proviso for Ships belonging to Weymouth, Melcotnb regis, Lime regis.

CAP. XXVIII.

Fisheryof great Concernment to this Nation.

33 Edi. C 47.

Times prohibited to Frlh in Cornwall and Devon.

[Penalty.]

Pilchards and Fumathoes to be bought of the Owners and Adventurers in Flihing.

An act for the Regulation of the Pilchard fishing in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

WHEREAS the public Honour, Wealth and Safety of this Realm, as well in the Maintenance of Trade and Support of Navigation, as in many other Respects, doth in an high degree.depend upon the Improvement and Encouragement of the Fishery;

' And forasmuch as of late Years there have diverse pernicious Disorders and Abuses, by the Licen tiousness of the Times crept in, and yet continue, evidently destructive to that Trade: For Prevention and Redress whereof there is no Law hitherto particularly provided, in the growing Evils occasioned by Driving nets, and other fraudulent and injurious Practises to the extreme Damage of the Fishery (2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament assembled, and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and two, no Person or Persons shall in any Year from the first Day of June till the last of November presume to take Fish in the high Sea, or in any Bay, Port, Creek or Coast, of or belonging to Cornwall or Devon, with any Drift net, Trammel or Stream Net or Nets, or any other Nets of that Sort or Kind, unless it be at the Distance of one League and an Half at lead from the respective Shores; (3) upon the Penalty of Forfeiture of the said Nets so employed', or the full Value thereof, and one month's imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being neither Owners, Partners or Adventurers in the Craft of Fishery, and in the Boats and Saynes thereunto belonging, shall presume from and after the Day before limited, to make or cause to be made any Pilchards or Fumathoes in Cask to be sold or transported, except he or they shall openly buy the aforesaid Fish of the respective Owners, Partners and Adventurers in the said Pilchard craft, or with their express Allowance, Leave and Consent, that they shall in such Case forfeit all and Angular such Pilchards and Fumathoes so made, and every Cask thereof, or their full Value; the one Half to the King, and the other Half to him or them that shall so sue for the same by Bill, Plaint or other Information, and upon legal Proof recover the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Partner or Company, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall fraudulently purloin, imbezil, hide, convey, carry away or dispose by Sale or otherwise, or cause to be purloined, imbezilled, hidden, conveyed, carried away or disposed, out of the Nets, 'Boats or Cellars, any Pilchard fish, without the express Leave, Consent and Allowance of the proper Owners, and major Part of the Company respectively; then every such Person and Persons that shall 1 offend therein, upon legal Evidence, shall pay treble the Value in Satisfaction to the Parties so wronged, and be sent to the House of Correction for three Months.

Idle and fulpi V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any idle or suspicious Person or Per, cious Persons fons shall in the Night assemble and flock together about the Boats, Nets or Cellars belonging to any pilchards boats p*lcliard craft, upon any of the Coasts of Cornwall or Devon, having no Business there to do, and being to depart"upon' warned by the Company or Owner of such Boats or Cellars to be gone; that then upon Complaint made Warning. unto any one Justice of the Peace, every such Person or Persons refusing so to do mail pay five Shillings Farther Pnmfi to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence was committed, or shall be set in the Stocks for the Space

ons concerning r r t t 7. r

F'yhcry, 30 Lor. of five Hours.

2. Stat. i. C 9. 4 & 5 tv. & M. C 23. 4 Ann. C 23.9 Ann, C 26. 3 Geo. 1. Stat, 2. C 18, 3 Geo. 1. C IS. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. §. 7. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9.

30 Geo. 2. c. 21, & 30. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

A.D. 1662. Anno deciiho tertio & quarto Caroli II C 29-31. 261

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the Reversing of the Earl of Strafford his Attainder.

WHEREAS Thomas late Earl of Strafford was impeached of High Treason, upon Pretence of en theiuafoiit deavouring to subvert the fundamental Laws, and called to a public and solemn Arraignment a', d Grounds of and Trial, before the Peers in Parliament, where he made a particular Defence to every Article objected "tfauidfr.

' against him; (2) inso much that the turbulent Party then seeing no Hopes to effect their unjust Designs by any ordinary Way and Method of Proceedings, did at lait resolve to attempt the Destruction and Attainder of the said Earl by an Act of Parliament, to be therefore purposely made, to condemn him upon accumulative Treason, none of the pretended Crimes being Treason a part, and so could not be in the Whole, if they had been proved, as they were not; (3) and also judged him guilty of construe five Treason (that is) of levying War against the King, though it was only the commanding an Order of the Council board in Ireland, to be executed by a Sergeant at Arms and three or four Soldiers, which was the constant Practice of the Deputies there for a long Time; (4) to which End they having first presented a Bill for this Intent to the House of Commons, and finding the re more Opposition than they expedkd, they caused a Multitude of tumultuous Persons to come down to Westminster* armed with Swords and Staves, and to fill both the Palace yards, and all the Approaches to both Houses of Parliament, with Eury and Clamour, and to require Justice, speedy Justice, against the Earl of Strafford;

' (;,) and having by these and other undue Practises obtained that Bill to pass in the House of Commons, they caused the Names of those resolute Gentlemen, who in a Case of innocent Blood had freely difclvarged their Consciences, being nine and fifty, to be polled up in several Places about the Cities of London and Westminster, and styled them Straffordians, and Enemies to their Country, hoping thereby to deliver them up to the Fury of the People, whom they had endeavoured to incense against them;

(6) and then procured the said Bill to be sent up to the House of Peers, where it having, sometime relied under great Deliberation, at last in a Time when a great Part of the Peers were absent by reason of the

'Tumults, and many of those who were present protested against it, the said Bill passed in the House of

Peers: (7) And at length his late Majesty King Charles the First of Glorious Memory granted a Com

for giving his Royal Assent thereunto; which nevertheless was done by his said Majesty with exceeding great Sorrow then, and ever remembered by him with unexpreflible Grief of Heart, and out of his Majesty's great Piety he did publicly express it when his own Sacred Life was taken away by the most detellable Traitors that ever were: '

II. For all which Causes, Be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That the Act intituled, An Act for the Attainder of thomas Earl of Strafford of High Treason, and all and every Clause, Article and Thing therein contained, being obtained as aforesaid, is now hereby repealed, revoked and reversed.

III. And to the End that Right be done to the Memory of the deceased Earl of Strafford aforesaid, be it further enacted, That all Records and Proceedings of Parliament relating to the said Attainder, be wholly cancelled, and taken off the File, or otherwise defaced and obliterated, to the Intent the same may not be visible in after ages, or brought into Example to the Prejudice of any Person whatsoever'

Provided, ti.at this Act shall not extend to the future Questioning of any Person or Persons however concerned in this Business, or who had any Hand in the Tumults, or disorderly procuring the Act

aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

XXX

An Act for the Importing Madder pure and unmixed. REP. 15 Car. 2. C 16.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to prevent the Inconvenience arising by melting the Silver Coin of this Realm.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of King Edward the Third, it is enacted, That9Ed. 3. Stat. 2, no Sterling halfpenny or Farthing shall be moulten to make Vessel, or any other Thing, byc, 3 ' Goldsmiths, or any other, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the Moneys so moulten; whereas by one other Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of King Richard the Second, it was further enacted, That, no, 7 Rt cit Groats or half groats shall be moulten by any Man to make Vessel or other Thing thereof, upon the same Pain; (2) and whereas diverse Persons do elude the said Statutes, as well Goldsmiths as others,

' by melting Silver Coins of this Realm above the Value of Groats, to the great Diminishing of the Silver Coin of this Realm, and the Hindrance of the Commerce of the same (3) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That None diall melt no Person or Persons whatsoever shall after the twentieth Day of December, one thousand six hundred sixty current silver two, wilfully melt, or cause to be melted, any of the current Silver Money of this Realm; (4) upon It

Pain not only of Forfeiture of the lame, but also of the double Value of any such Coin lo melted; the 1 le ena y' one Half to his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, the other half.to the Informers, who shall sue for the same upon Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster; in which no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection, shall be allowed: (3) And moreover, That the said Person or Persons offending contrary to the Tenor of this Act (if he or they be a Freeman or Freemen, or privileged Personpr Persons, of any City or Corporations within this Kingdom of England) shall upon legal Conviction for the same be forthwith disfranchised and made uncapable of exercising the Trade of a Goldsmith, or any other Mystery, by Virtue. of the Privileges of the City or Corporation of which he 1 or they are Members: (6) And if the said Person or Persons offending, anaconvidl as aforesaid, shall not'

be

Farther proviji cns relating here toy 18 Car. 2. C C 8; r. nc

EXP." ai Jac, z. C 18.

PR.

This Act continued as to hertfordshire, from November 1722, for fifteen Years, by 6 Geo. 1. C so. §, 1,

r'

?.* i

4.; Eliz. C 7.

22 & 23 Car. 2. C 7.

1 Geo. 1. c. 48. The punishment for cutting and spoiling any Woods

C 32., 33. Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. A.D. 1662

be a Freeman or Freemen, or privileged Person or Persons, of any City or Corporation as aforesaid, the;

he or they shall suffer Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months next enfuin

his or their Conviction as aforesaid.

26. 97/'. J. e. a.9s'10 It'. 3. r. at. 1 Ann. Srat. I. f. 9. <t«cf 15 Gca. 2. r. 28.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloth within the West Riding 0 the County of York. A Corporation of Clothiers in the West riding of Yorkshire. The Oath TO b( taken by the Master, Wardens and Assistants. Who shall be of the said Corporation for ever, ant how called. Times and Places of their Meeting. Power to appoint a Common Seal, and to make Orders and Bylaws. Penalty for not Conforming to Bylaws. Power to appoint Searchers of Cloth The new Drapery most in Use. The Oath to be taken, by Searchers. Penalty upon Searchers. The Authority and Power of the Searchers. None may make Broad Cloth, but such as have served as Apprentices to Clothiers for seven Years, or have been exercised in the Trade for that Time. The Penalty. Housholders and Housewives. may hot make Cloth to sell, not being free of the said Trade. The Penalty. Power to appoint a Clerk, Redder, Treasurer, and other Officers. How the Fines and Forfeitures shall be levied. Counterfeiting the Seal of the Corporation. The Penalty. All Clauses in any other Statute contrary to this Act concerning Clothing, repealed. Persons sued for executing this Act, may plead die General Blue. The Rights and Duties of Aulnage saved. Proviso that Rates of Wage, of Workmen may nt be. set by Colour of this Act. Continuance of this Act to the next Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in Printing seditious, treasonable and unlicenced Books and Pamphlets, and for Regulating of Printing and Printing presses. See Appendix.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli secundi Regis.

'1 .4

T the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty on e, and in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Charles the Second, C Defender of the Faith, C and by diverse Prorogations and Adjournments continued to the twenty seventh Day of July in the fifteenth Year of his said majesty's Reign; and thence prorogued to the sixteenth Day of March next following.

CAP. I.

An Act for repairing the Highways within the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge and Huntington.

The Highway from London to York, and Scotland, Hertford, Cambridge, Huntington. Who may appoint Surveyor of the Highways yearly for Hertfordshire, Cambridgefnre, Huntings onftdrc. The Power of the Justices of the Peace in their several Counties. The Power of the Surveyors in the said several Counties, to appoint Receivers and Collectors of Toll, and other needful Officers. Charging of Carts and Carriages. Allowance of Wages to Labourers and Owners. The Penalty for refuling. How far and often Carts and Carriages may be charged. Who may determine Differences about Carriages and Labourers Wages. How Gravel, Chalk, Stones, Asc. may be taken. Who may appoint the taking of Toll or Custom of all Carriages and Passengers. Places for taking of Toll in Hertfordshire, cambridge five, Huntingtonshire. Power to distrain for Toll refused to be paid. The Toll received to be accounted for and paid to the Surveyors. To whom the said Surveyors shall account for Money received. How the Toll Profits may be engaged for Advance of Money. In what Cases a Rate may be made upon the several parkhes. The Penalty for refufi g to take the Office of Surveyor. Fines and Forfeitures upon this A eft, how to be paid and disposed. Suits upon this Act shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant may plead the General Issue. Double Costs. Toll not to be paid twice in the same Day. The Continuance of this Act for eleven Years only. Proviso for exempting certain Persons and Things from paying any Toll. Stories, Gravel, trie. Hay, Com in harvest time, Ploughs and Implements of Husbandry, Proviso touching Money received Overplus, and remaining at the End of eleven Years. Soldiers in marching and Ports exempted. Proviso for ceasing the Toll within the eleven Years. Continued 16 & 17 Car. 2. C ip. and by 6 Geo. 1. c. 20. from Nov. 1722. for fifteen Years. Repealed as to the County of Hertford by 6 Geo. 2. c. 24.

CAP. II.

An Act for the Punishment of unlawful cutting or dealing, or spoiling of Wood and Underwood, and Destroyers of young Timber trees.

WHEREAS in one Act of Parliament made in the three and fortieth Year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act to avoid and prevent diverse Mjdemeanors in idle and tralf Persons, among other Things it is enabled, That all and every such lewd Person' and Persons that shall cut or spoil any Woods or Under woods, Poles or Trees (landing, and their Procurer or Procurers, Receiver or Receivers, knowing the same, and be fig thereof lawfully cenviiled by his or their owncpn session, or by the Testimony of one sufficient Witness upon Oath, before some one Justice of Peace, ' or other Head Officer of the county or Place where such Offence was committed, hall give the Party

' or

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 2. 263

' or Parties Satisfaction for his or their Damages for the first Fault: (2) And if such Offender or Offen ders shall by such Justice of Peace or Head Officer be thought not able or sufficient; or if such Offen der or Offenders do not make >uch Satisfaction as aforesaid, that then the said Justice of Peace or Head 'officer shall commit the said Offender or Offenders to the Constable, or other inferior Officer, to receive the Punishment of Whipping, as in the said Act more fully doth appear.

' II /and..whereas it is found by daily Experience, especially in and about London and other great ( Towns, where a great Number of such idle and lewd Persons do shelter themselves, that this Act nath not sufficiently prevented the said Mischief of cutting and spoiling of Woods and Underwoods, as was intended, as well because the said Offences are committed in such a close and clandeffine Manner, that there is none Witness to them, but such as are Partakers to the Offence; as also because the said Pu ' nishment is too small for so great a Fault, which is not only prejudicial and hurtful to the Owners of the said Wpods, but very mischievous and damageable to the Commonwealth (2) Be it therefore enacted by the ring's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June next ensuing, every Constable, Headbo whom.iyap rough, or any other Person, in every County;, City, Town Corporate, or other Place where they shall ^reeah, d Wood' be Officers or Inhabitants, shall and may by Virtue of this present Act have full Power and Authority to e e apprehend or cause to be apprehended all and every Person or Persons they shall suspect, having or carrying, or any Ways conveying, any Burden or, Bundles of any Kind of Wood, Underwood, Poles, or young Trees, or"bark or Bait of any Trees, or any Gates, Styles, Ports, Pales, Rails or hedge wood,

Broom or Furze; (3) and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace direct ed to any Officer, such Officer shall have Power to enter into and search the Houses, out houses, Yards, Search iniioufes Gardens, or other Places belonging to the Houses of all and every Person or Persons they shall suspect to on "speae<1i>tr* have any Kind of Wood, Underwoods, Poles, or young Trees, or Bark or Balt of any Trees, or any n '

Gates, Styles, Ports, Pales, Rails or hedge wood, Brpom or Furze; (4) and wheresoever they find any such, to apprehend' and cause to be apprehended all and every Person and Persons suspected for the Cutting and Taking of the same, and them and every of them, as well thbfe apprehended carrying or any Ways conveying any Kind of Wood, Underwood, Poles or young Trees, or Bark or Baste of any Trees, or any Gates, Styles, Ports, Pales, Rails or hedge^wood, Brpom or Furze, as also those in whose Houses C r other Places belonging to them, any such Wood, Underwood, Poles or young Trees, or Bark or Ball of any Trees, or any Gates, Styles, Polls, Pales, Rails or hedge wood, Broom or Furze, shall be found, to carry before one Justice of the Peace of the same County, City or Town Corporate: (5) And if the said Person and Persons so suspected, apprehended and carried before the said Justices, do not then and there give a good Account how he and they came by such Wood or Underwood, Poles or young Trees, or Bark or Baste of any Trees, or Gates, Styles, Polls, Pales, Rails or hedge wood, Broom or Furze, by the Consent of the Owner, such as shall satisfy the said Justice, or else shall not within some convenient Time to be set them by the said Justice, produce the Party or Parties of whom they bought the same Wood, Underwood, Poles or young Trees, or Bark or Bail of Trees, Gates, Styles, Polls, Pales, Rails. 1.

or hedge wood, Broom or Furze, or some other credible Witness to depose upon Oath such Sale of the said Wood, Underwood, Poles or young Trees, or Bark or Baste of Trees, Gates, Styles, Polls, Pales;

Rails or hedge wood, Broom or Furze, (which Oath the said Justice hath hereby Power to administer)

That then the said Person or Persons so suspected, and not giving such good Account, nor producing any such Witness upon Oath to testify the said Sale as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged as convicted of the said Offence of cutting and spoiling of the same Woods, Underwoods, Poles or young 'Frees, or Bark or Baste of Trees, Gates, Styles, Polls, Pales, Rails or hedge wood, Broom or Furze, within the Meaning of the said Statute of Queen Elizabeth, and shall be liable to the Punishment therein captained, 45 E'iz, C and to such other Proceedings and Punishmeiiis as by this present Act shall be further constituted and appointed on that Behalf.

III. And be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons con The Punishment victed of the said Offence in Manner and Form before in this Act mentioned, shall for the first Offence for the first of, give the Owner or Owners such Recompense or Satisfaction for his or their Damages, and: within such fence'

Time, as the said Justice shall appoint, and over and above, pay down, presently unto the Overseers for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Offence or Offences were committed, such Sum of Mo

ney (not exceeding ten Shillings) as the said Justices shall think meet; (2) and if such Offender or Ofr, fenders do not make Recompense or Satisfaction to the said Owner or Owners, and also pay the said Sum to the Poor in Manner and Form aforesaid, then the said Justice shall commit the said Offender or of t fenders to the House of Correction, 'for such Time as the said Justice shall think fit not exceeding one Month, or to be whipped by the Constable or other Officer, as in his Judgement shall seem expedient:

(3) And if such Person or Persons shall again commit the said Offence, and be thereof convicted ashe theft coiid of lbre, that then they and every of them so offending the second Time and thereof so convicted, shall Je fence F lent to the House of! Correction for one Month, and be there kept to hard Labour: (.4) And if such Peri

soil or Persons shall again commit the said Offence, and be., thereof convjeted as before; that then they, and every of them so offending the third Time and: thereof so convicted,;. ftia|l be taken, adjudged, and deemed as incorrigible Rogues, '. 7., i. j J;

Provided always, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever shall buy; Bnywsof (loin any Burdens ofwoob, 'or any Poles or Sticks of Wood, or any other the Premises particularly menti i^dealt withal, oned in this Bill, which may be justly suspected to been stoln or unlawfully come by, That it' shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of ffie. Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs and Head Officers or any. one of them, within their tefpecsliv'e jurisdictions, upon Complaint to them' thereof made, to examine the said Matter upon Oath, which they and every of them respectively are hereby authorised to administer: And if they shall find that, the same was bought of a Person who might justly be suspected to have stolen or unlawfully comety the same, and that the same was (loin or unlawfully come.by; That in such Case the said Justices of Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officers, or anyone of them respectively.

Within what Time Offenders must be que itioned within this ail

264 C 3, 4. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663.

spectively, shall and may award the Party who bought the same to pay treble the Value of the same to the Party from, whom the same was stolen or unlawfully taken; and in Default of present Payment thereof, to issue forth their respective Warrants to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party; and in Default of such Distress, to commit the Party to the gaol^t his own Charge, there to remain one Month without Bail.

V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be questioned for any Offence upon this Law that hath been punished for the same Offence by any former Law; (z) nor shall be punished by this Law, unless he be questioned within six Weeks after the Offence committed.

Fa there Vrovijions 'relating bento, 9 & 10 W. 3. C 36. 1 Geo. 1. c. 48. 6 Geo. 1. C id. 29 Geo. 2. c. 36. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 41.'

CAP. III.

An Act to explain and supply a former act for Distribution of threcfcore thoefand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission Officers, and for assessing of Offices, and distributing the Moneys thereby raised, for their further Supply. 13 & 14 Car. z. C 8.

EXP.

CAP. IV

An Additional Act for the better Ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom

FOR the better Ordering of the Forces in the several counties and Places of England, and the Dominion of ivales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and for the Supplying and Explaining the late' Act, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Lieutenants of the several Counties, Cities and Places nominated by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, and in their Absence out of the Limits of their respective Lieutenancies, or by their Directions when they are not absent, their Deputy lieutenants during their respective Deputation, or any two or more of them, shall have Power from Time to Time to lead, train, exercise and put in Readiness, or by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause to be led, trained, exercised or put in Readiness, all or any of the Persons raised, arrayed or weaponed, according to the said Act, to the Intents and Purposes, and by the Directions of the said Act, and of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or.persons, charged or to be charged by Virtue of either of the said Acts, with Horse, Horsemen and Arms, or Foot soldier and Arms, shall under the Penalty of forfeiting five Shillings, pay and allow upon Demand, two Shillings sixpence by the Day, to each respective Trooper that serves with Horse and Arms, for Maintenance of the Man and Hcrfe; (-2) and shall under the Penalty of two Shillings, pay and allow upon demand, one Shilling by the Day to each respective Foot soldier, for so many Days as they or any of them shall be absent from their Dwellings or Callings by Occasion of Muster or Exercise, according to the Rules of the said Acts'; (3) which said Penalty is to be levied as is hereafter expressed, unless some certain Agreement be made to the contrary before good Witness; the said Penalty is to be paid to such Trooper or Foot soldier to whom his said Pay was denied; the respective Penalties to be demanded within six Weeks after each respective Default, or at or before the next succeeding Muster, Exercise or Training, and not afterwards.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons assessed or charged according to the said Acts, or either of them, shall refuse or neglect by a reasonable Time to be appointed, to provide and fur n'ilh such sufficient Foot soldier and Arms, or Foot soldiers and Arms, as ate accordingly charged upon him or them; That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, for every such Offence from Time to Time to inflict a Penalty upon such Person or Persons, not exceeding five Pounds, to be levied in Manner following, and to be employed to the same Uses in Default whereof the same was imposed.

IV. Be it further enacted, That it dial] and may be lawful for the respective Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, from Time to Time to appoint and require the Constable or Constables of any Parish or Place within this Kingdom, Dominion of ivales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to provide and furnish (at a reasonable Time and Place to be appointed, upon a Penalty to be imposed not exceeding forty Shillings for every such Omission) so many sufficient Foot arms (witlvwages and other incident Charges) as the said Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of hem, shall assess or charge according to the Rifles and Proportions of the said Acts, upon Revenues under fifty Pounds per Annum, or upon personal Estates less than six hundred Pounds, lying or being within any such respective Pari (Ivor Place,

: V And in Order thereunto, 'if any Person or Persons of or belonging to any such Parish or Place, shall Ujpon Demand refuse or neglect to provide a Foot soldier or Foot soldiers, according to' the Proportion aforesaid, or to pay any Sum of Money whereat he or they shall be' taxed or assessed by a Pound rate, according to a List signed by the respective Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of t them, for and towards the Defraying and Satisfying the necessary Charge and Expense difbnrft in providing and furnishing such sufficient Arms as aforesaid; that then it lhatl and may be lawful to and for such Constable or Constables, by Warrant for that Purpose to levy such Sum so rated or assessed, by Dif*' tress and Sale of the Goods of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, and shall restore the Overplus', (if any) the Charge of Distraining being first deduded: (2) And the Tenant of any House, Land or Revenue, rated or assessed as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and required to make Payment of such Sum of Money so rated or assessed, and to dedud so much as shall be charged upon the landlord's' Rent, out of tyre next rent.payable to the Landlord; and in Default hereof thego.ds of every such Tenant is also liable to be distrained and sold in Manner aforesaid.

4 P. S'AT. 3-

>3 & 14 Cir. z. C 3;

Power of the Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants to train and exercise.

jtcar.z.stat.i. C 6.

tj & 14 Car. z. c. 3.

Allowance of Pay to Troopers X s. 6 d. per Diem.

Foot Soldiers z s. per Diem.

Penalty upon Refufers to find Arms.

Constables recti i red to charge Persons with soot arrtw.

The Penalty for not providing or paying Foot arms.

; 1 fw

What shall be paid to the Muster masters.

VI. And be it further enacted, That once in every Year hereafter, each Soldier filled or raised by Vire

of the said Acts, or either of them, -- U! -- r — — io rtl - j

ing one Shilling for a'horseman, and

tue of the said Acts, or either of them, shall pay to His respective Muster masser such Sum, not exceed

' six Perice fora 'footman, as the respective Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants,

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II

C 4. 265

Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall under their Hands and Seals direct; who have Power hereby to levy the lame by Distress and Sale in case of Default of Payment, upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons as are charged with the Finding of the respective Horseman or Foot soldier so making Default, unless the Default be by the Neglect of such Horseman or Foot soldier, who in that Case are hereby to be accountable for the same, and every such Muster master shall be an Inhabitant of the respective County.

VII. And it is hereby further provided and enacted, That at every Muster, Training and Plxercife, every Mulqueteer shall bring with him Half a Pound of Powder, and Half a Pound of Bullets; and every Muiqueteer that serves with a adatch lock shall bring with him three Yards of Match, both which are to be found accordingly at the Charge of such Person or Persons as provide the said Foot soldier and Arms; (z) and every Horseman is to bring with him a Quarter of a Pound of Powder, and a Quarter of a Pound of Bullets, at the Charge of such Person or Persons as provide the said Horseman and Arms, who are hereby required to find and bear the same, upon Pain of forfeiting five Shillings for every Omission thereof. (3) And for the better Disciplining and Instructing of the said Militia in their Duties, as also for eaiing them of often and frequent Meetings at several Times, and for the better Security of the Peace of the Kingdom; (4) be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said several Lieutenants, and in their Absence, or by their Directions, for any two or more of their Deputies, within their srespective Counties and Precincts for which they are commissioned, at any Time or Times during the Space of three Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three, to summon and continue together so many of the said trained Forces within their respective Counties and Precincts, and so long as they shall judge convenient, in Lieu of certain Days appointed for Exercise and Mullers by the said Act, intituled, An Act for Ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

VIII. Provided always.; and be it enacted, That any Troop, Company or Soldiers, may be so kept upon such duty by Virtue hereof fourteen Days, and no longer, in any one Year.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every commissioned Foot officer in the Train bands or Militia of this Kingdom (settled according to Act of Parliament) shall be and is hereby exempted and excused from finding and contributing towards the Finding any Horse, Horseman or Arms, or foot soi dier and Arms, for his whole Estate, if at any Time it is charged but with one Horse, or a less Charge, or for such Part of his Estate as is or shall be charged with one Horse, if his whole Estate be charged with a greater Charge than one Horse in the County or Lieutenancy where he so serves as a Foot otricer, in Respect of the Expense which the said Employment doth necessarily engage him in; anything in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Be it also enacted and ordained. That each Constable, Tithingman, or other Officer of any Parish or Place, under the Penalty for every neglect of forfeiting forty Shillings, shall and do by Virtue of a Warrant directed to him from the respective Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, levy all Arrears and Proportions of Money unpaid, that were fetor charged for the Raising, Training and Arraying the Trained bands and Forces actually raised and in Being before the Passing of the said mentioned Abl, by the Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons refuting to pay the same, rendering back the Overplus (if any) the Charge of Distress and Sale being first dedubled.

XI. Be it also enacted, That every Trooper or Foot soldier at any Time raised by Virtue or according to the Directions of this present Act, shall be subject to such Exercise and Duty, as others charged or raised by the said mentioned Act, and shall accordingly upon like Pains and Penalties observe and keep all the respective Orders and Directions of the said Act, and of this present Act, and shall suffer the same Penalties for committing any of the respective Crimes and Offences expressed in the said Act; which said Pains and Penalties are in the like Cases to be imposed and levied in the same Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, as are set down in the said Act.

XII. And whereas the fourth Part of one month's Assessment in each County, after the Rate of seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, is by the said Act yearly appointed for furnishing Ammunition 1 and other Necessaries(2) Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said rc spebtive Lieutenants and Deputies, or any three or more of them, shall from Time to Time have Power to dispose of so much of the said fourth Part to the inferior Officers employed in or about the said respective Forces, for their Pains and Encouragement, as to them the said Lieutenants and Deputies, or any three or more of them, shall seem expedient.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to every Person and Persons that shall have any Action or Suit brought against him or them for anything done in Execution of this or the said Abl, to plead the General Issue, and to give the special Matter in Evidence; and if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Suit, then he shall recover double Cods.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That, no Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for anything done in Execution, or by Pretence of the Execution of this or the said Abl, unless the said Action or Suit be laid in the proper County, and commenced within six Months next after such Cause of Action.

XV. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Clause contained in a certain Act, intituled, An Act declaring the sole Right of the Militia to be in the King, and for the present Ordering and Disposing of the same; and made for the Indemnifying of all Persons acting III the Militia, from the four and twentieth of June one thousand six hundred and sixty, to the twentieth of July one thousand six hundred sixty and one, as touching the Assaulting, Detaining or Imprisoning any Person suspected to be a Fanatic, Sebtary or Disturber of the Peace, or Seizing of Arms, or Searching of Houses for Arms, or for suspected Persons, shall be construed to commence and take Effect, and shall be good and effectual in Law, for the Indemnifying of all Persons whatsoever acting in the Militia of this Kingdom for any the Matters aforesaid, betwixt the second Day of February one thousand six hundred fifty-nine, and the four and twentieth of June one thousand six hundred and sixty inclusive, by Virtue or Colour of any Authority

What ammunf tioa every muf qneteer shall bring with him.

The Penalty,

f3 Sc Car. z. C 3.

No Troop to be kept upon Duty above fourteen Days.

Commissioned Foot officers discharged from finding Arms.

The Duty of Constables in Executing Warrants of the Lieutenants or Deputies,

Troopers and Soldiers shall be subject to Exercise and Duty.

A fourth Part of a Month's aftefirnent, how to be disposed.

[General Issue.]

Persons sued for Matters done by this Act may plead the

Double Costs to the Defendant.

13 Car. 2, St i X C 6.

Fanafick

Sectaries,

How the Forfeitures and Penalties upon this Act msy be levied.

How Persons may be charged with Arms, and for whatestates,

The Cinque Ports.

St. martin's parish in Stamford baron in lin colnshire.

Farther prtrviji orts relating hereto, io (s' n IV

3- c. 12.

jaltin.st.z. c.z^.

EXP.

13 & 14. Car. 2. t. §. 8.

C 5, 6. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1665

rity or Command whatsoever; anything in the said Act, or in any other Act to the contrary thereof ir any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forfeitures, Penalties and Payments by this present Act imposed, fetor directed, (not otherwise by this present Act provided to bt levied, sued for or recovered) shall or may, in Case of Default, be levied or recovered by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the respective Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and by Sale of the same, rendering the Party the Overplus, it any be: (z) And if sufficient of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender cannot be found or had, whereof to levy such Forfeiture, Payment or Penalty, then the said respective Lieutenants and Deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall have Power, and are hereby authorised, by like Warrant under their Hands and Seals to commit such Offender to Prison until he shall make Satisfaction, according to the said Forfeiture, Payment or Penalty.

XVII. And it is further declared and enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, which since the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred sixty and two have acted or done anything in the dismantling of any Cities or Towns, or demolishing of Walls and Fortifications thereof, or relating thereunto, shall be and are hereby indemnified and saved harmless. And whereas same Doubt hath arifa upon; the said Act, what estates shall be charged with or towards Foot;

XVIII. Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who hath an Estate of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or personal Estate of the Value of two thousand foui hundred Pounds, chargeable by the said Act, shall be charged with or toward the Finding any Foot; (z) and it shall be lawful for the respective Lieutenants and Deputies, or any three or more of them, tc charge according to the Proportions in the said Act, any Person who hath an Estate of the yearly Value o! one hundred Pounds, and under the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or who hath a personal Eftati of twelve hundred Pounds, and under the V alue of two thousand four hundred Pounds, chargeable b the said Act, with or towards the Finding of Foot, or toward the Finding of Horse, as to their judgement shall seem most expedient for his Majesty's Service; (3) yet nevertheless this shall not be construed tc extend to make any Alteration in the Provisions in the said or this Act, concerning the Forces to b( charged or raised in Cities, Corporations and Port towns.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Warden of th( Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, dial] and may put in Execution within the said Ports, Towns and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this and the said former Act, and to execute and perform all and every the Things therein contained, in the like Manner as the respective Lieutenants of the Counties and their Deputies may do, and may keep up and continue the usual Numbers of Soldiers in the said Ports, Towns and Members, unless they find Cause to lessen the same: (z) And that the Inhabitants of the said Ports. Towns and Members, being in regard of their Situation on the sea coals charged with a greater Proportion of Arms and armed Men, than other Parts of the Kingdom, shall not be charged with Anns 01 armed Men in the Counties adjacent, for their Estates there lying, save only for such Proportion as they are liable unto, and either are not or shall not be charged with within the said Ports, Towns and Members; any 'Filing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants and Revenues of or in the Parish of St. Martin, called Stamford baron, in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford, on the south side of the Waters there called jvelland, may be assessed and charged to find and serve in the trained Bands in the County of Lincoln, as formerly, according to the said mentioned Act and this present Act, by the Lieutenant and Deputy lieutenants for the County of Lincoln for the Time being, in such Manner as any Persons or Estates within the said County of Lincoln may be by them assessed and charged to the Purposes aforesaid; they of St. Martin aforesaid are hereby declared to be well and legally assessed and charged by the said Lieutenant and Deputy lieutenants respectively.

1 Geo. I. St. C 14.9 Geo. i, C 8. 7 Geo. 2. c. 23. 30geo.2. C 23.

31 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 20. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 22, & 24.

CAP. V.

An Act for the regulating Select Vestries.

CAP. VI.

An Act for Relief of such Persons as by Sickness or other Impediment were disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity, and Explanation of Part of the said Act.

WHEREAS by an act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for Uniformity of Public Prayer and administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies, and for the Establishing the Form of Mating, Ordaining and Consecrating Bifops, Priests and Deacons, in the Church of England, i It was enacted, That every Dean, Canon and Prebend of every Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and all Mailers and Fellows of any College, Hall, House of Learning or Hospital, and every Parson, Vicar, Curate, and every other Person in Holy Orders, who upon the first Day of May, which (hold be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and two, or at any Time thereafter should be Incumbent or have Possession of any Dcanry, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, Fellowship, parsonage, Vicarage, or any other Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion, should before the Feast day of Saint Bartholomew', which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, subscribe the Declaration or Acknowledgment in the said Act mentioned and expressed, before the respective archbishops, Bishops, Ordinaries or Vice chancellors of the respective Universities; upon Pain that all and every of the Persons aforesaid, failing in such Subscription, should lose and forfeit such respective Dcanry, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, Fellowship, Parsonage, Vicarage, Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion, and (hold be utterly disabled, and ipso facto deprived of the same; and that every such

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli If. C 7. 267

'respective Deanery, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, Fellowship, Parsonage, Vicarage, Ecclesiastical Dig ' nity or Promotion, Should be void, as if such Person so sailing were naturally dead: (2) And that after such Subscription made, every such Parson, Vicar, Curate and Lecturer, should procure a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the respective Archbishop, Bishop, or Ordinary of the Diocese, and (hold publicly and openly read the same, together with the Declaration or Acknowledgment aforesaid, upon some lord's Day within three Months then next following, in his Parish Church where he was to officiate,

(' in the Presence of the Congregation there assembled, in the Time of Divine Service; upon Pain that every Person failing therein should lose such Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice respectively, and should be f utterly disabled, and ipso fasio deprived of the same, and that the said Parsonage, Vicarage or Benefice shoula be void, as if lie were naturally dead.

II. And whereas diverse Persons of eminent Loyalty to his Majesty, and of known Affection to the LI l' turgy of the Church of England, who by the said Act were required to subscribe the said Declaration or Acknowledgment, at the Time of the passing of the said Act were out of this Realm, in Ireland, or other Parts beyond the Seas, upon lawful and justiriable Occasions, and had no Knowledge or Notice thereof until their Return into England, being after the said Feast of Saint Bartholomew; and diverse other of the said loyal and well affected Persons, by Reason of Sickness, Imprisonment, Disability of Body, or other wise, could not or did not resort unto their respective Archbishops, Bishops or Ordinaries, or Vice chan cellors of the respective Universities, before whom such Subscription was appointed by the said Act to be made: All which said Persons are by Force of the said Act utterly disabled, and ipso facto deprived of their respective Deanries, Canonries, Prebendaries, Masterships, Fellowships, Parsonages, Vicarages, or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions, by Reason of such their Omission.'

III. For Remedy whereof, and for the Relief of such Persons, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all Deans, Canons,

Prebendaries, Matters and Fellows of any Colleges, Halls or other Houses of Learning, and all Parsons, Vicars and other Ecclesiastical Persons aforesaid, who at the Time of the passing of the said Act being in Ireland, or any the Parts beyond the Seas, did not return into this Kingdom before the said Feast of Saint Bartholomew one thousand six hundred sixty and two, or who being in England, by Imprisonment, Sickness, Disability of Body, or otherwise, did not resort unto their respective Archbishop, Bishop, Ordinary, r vice-chancellor of the said respective Universities, to subscribe the said Declaration and Acknowledgment, before the said Feast in the Year of our Lord aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared to be re ftoted unto and preserved in their respective Deanries, Canonries, Prebendaries, Masterships, Fellowships,

Parsonages, Vicarages, and other Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promotions, whereunto no other Person or Persons before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three were or shall be lawfully instituted, indudted, collated or placed; and shall and may hold and enjoy the same according to his and their former Right; the aforesaid Actor anything therein contained, to the tontrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided, That every such Dean, Canon, Prebendary, Master and Fellow of any College, Hall ir House of Learning, and all Parsons, Vicars and Curates, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, who are or hall by Virtue of this Act be restored to or preserved in their said several and respective Promotions, shall aefore the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord next ensuing, if he be in England, or if beyond the Seas, within forty Days after his Return into England, subscribe the said Declaration or Acknowledgment be rore the respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese, or vice-chancellor aforesaid respectively; (2). and that every such Parson, Vicar, Curate or Lecturer shall procure a Certificate under the '

Hand and Seal of the respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese (who are hereby required ind enjoined upon Demand to make and deliver such Certificate) and shall publicly and openly read the tine, together with the Declaration or Acknowledgment aforesaid, upon some lord's Day within three Months then next following such Subscription, in his Parish Church where he is to officiate, in the Pi e tnce of the Congregation then assembled, in the Time of Divine Service.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Subscription already !nade, or hereafter to be made, before any Vicar General or Chancellor to any Archbishop or Bishop, or Jommilfary to the Archbishop of Canterbury or any other Bishop, is and shall be as effectual and bene icia! in Law to all Intents and Purposes to every Person and Persons which have or shall make such subscription as aforesaid, as if the same had been made before the Archbishop or Bishop of the Province or Jiocefe respectively; anything in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That every Person who shall have Benefit by this Act, shall make such Allowance or serving the Cure since the twenty-fourth of August one thousand six hundred sixty two, as shall be, udged sit by the Ordinary of the Place, and shall pay and discharge all Tenths, Pensions and other pharges, wherewith the Benefice to which he is by this Act restored, hath been or might be legally charged ince the Day aforesaid.

VII. And whereas some Doubt hath arisen, whether Persons prohibited to preach by the said Act are n the same Plight as to Punishment, with Persons disabled by the said Act to preach; '(2) Be it de lared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties by the said Act to be inflicted upon any persons prohi ferson disabled by the said Act to preach, for any Offence against the said Act, shall in like Manner be bited to preach nflidted upon every Person so offending, that is prohibited by the said Act to preach; any "Filing, Doubt3 & H Carr Ambiguity in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

cap! VI L

An Act for the Encouragement of Trade.

forasmuch as the encouraging of Tillage ought to be in an especial Manner regarded and endeavour thuage, ed; and the surest and effectualleft Means of promoting and advancing any Trade, Occupation or Mystery, being by rendering it profitable to the Users thereof; (2) and great Quantities of Land within

268 C 7.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II

A.D. 1663.

Corn not exceeding certain Rates may be

C 20. iz & 13 W. 3.

C 1c.

5 Ann. C 29.

2 Geo. 2. c. 18.

5 Geo. 2. c. 12. 11 GW. 2. r. 22

24 Gtfo. 2. 56.

Plantations beyond the Sea.

' this Kingdom for the present lying in a Manner waste, and yielding little, which might thereby be im proved to considerable Profit and Advantage (if sufficient Encouragement were given for the laying out of Coif and Labour on the lame) and thereby much more Corn produced, greater Numbers of People,

' Horses and Cattle employed, and other Lands also rendered more valuable: '

II. Be it enacted by tyre King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority rarther Fniifi hereof; and it is hereby enacted, That from and after the fird Day of September in the Year of our Lord onsrtztinzbere one thousand six hundred sixty and three, and from thenceforward, when the Prices of Corn and Grain to, 1 tv. & M. jviihbester Measure do not exceed the Rates hereafter following, at the Havens or Places where the same

or loaden, (viz.) The Quarter of Wheat, eight and forty Shillings; the Quarter of'3' Barley or Malt, eight and twenty Shillings; the Quarter of buck wheat, eight and twenty Shillings; the Quarter of Oats, thirteen Shillings and fourpence; the Quarter of Rye, two and thirty Shillings; the Quarter of Peas or Beans, two and thirty Shillings current English Money; that then it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to ship, load, carry and transport any of the said Corns or Grains from the Havens or Places where they shall he of such Prices, unto any Parts beyond the Seas as Merchandise; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; paying such Rates for the same. Geo. 'zzc. and none other, as are to be paid when the same might have been transported by one Aid passed this pre j5 sent Parliament, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage.

wf nvnma

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Prices of the aforesaid be importec^nd Corns and Grains do not exceed the Rates abovementioned respectively Winchester Measure, at the Haven what custom to or Place into which any of them shall be imported from any Parts beyond the Seas, there shall be paid be pr.id, for the Custom and Poundage of every Quarter of Wheat, five Shillings and fourpence; and for every Quarter of Rye, four Shillings; and for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, two Shillings and eight Pence; and for every Quarter of buck wheat, two Shillings; and for every Quarter of Oats, one Shilling fourpence; and for every Quarter of Peas or Beans, four Shillings.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. when the Prices of Corn or Grain tvinehcjler Measure do not exceed the Rates following at the Markets, Havens or Places where the same shall be bought, (viz.) the Quarter of Wheat, eight and forty Shillings; the Quarter of Rye, two and thirty Shillings; the Quarter of Barley or Malt, eight and twenty Shillings; the Quarter of Buckwheat, eight and twenty Shillings; the Quarter of Oats, thirteen Shillings and fourpence; the Quartet of Peas or Beans, two and thirty Shillings; that then it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons (not forestalling nor selling the same in the same Market within three Months after the Buying thereof) to buy in open Market, and to lay up and keep in his or their Granaries or Houses, and to sell again, such Corn or Grain of the Kinds aforesaid, as without Fraud or Covin shall have been bought at or under the Prices beforeexpre(fed, without incurringanypenalty; anylaw, Statute orufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And in regard his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas are inhabited and peopled by his Subjects of this his Kingdom of England; for the Maintaining a greater Correspondence and Kindness between them, and keeping them in a firmer Dependance upon it, and rendering them yet more beneficial and ad vantagious unto it in the further Employment and Increase of English Shipping and Seamen, Vent of Eng lijli Woollen and other Manufactures and Commodities, rendering the Navigation to and from the same more safe and cheap, and making this Kingdom a Staple, not only of the Commodities of those Plantations, but also of the Commodities of other Countries and Places, for the Supplying of them; and il being the Usage of other Nations to keep their Plantations Trade to themselves' '

of VI Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of Marti. manu^a'ure^f one thousand six hundred sixty four, no Commodity of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Ett europe, how to rope, shall be imported into any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory or Place to his Majesty be be imported in longing, or which shall hereafter belong unto or be in the possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa ox America, (Tangier only excepted) but what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in English built Shipping, or which were bona fide bought before the first Day of October one thousand six hundred sixty and two. and had such Certificate thereof as is directed in one act passed the last Sessions of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs; and whereef tin Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English, and which shall be carried directly thence to the said Lands, Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Territories or Places, and from no other Place or Places whatsoever; Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; (2) under the Penalty of tin Loss of all such Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe, as shall be importec into any of them from any other Place whatsoever, by Land or Water; and if by Water, of the Ship 01 Vessel also in which they were imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel; one third Part to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; one third Part to the Governor of fuel Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory or Place, into which such Goods were imported, if the said Ship, Vessel or Goods be there seized or informed against and sued for; or otherwise that third Part alfc to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other third Part to him or them who shall seize, inforu or Cue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts in such of the said Lands, Islands, Colonies, Plantations. Territories or Places where the Offence was committed, or in any Court of Record in England, b' Bill, Information, Plaint or other action, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

VII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may b, lawful to ship and lade in such Ships, and so navigated, as in the foregoing Clause is set down and ex saltfa»fisheries. preifed, in any Part of Europe, Salt for the Fisheries of Nezv evglandand Newfoundland, and to ship am lade in the Madera's Wines of the Growth thereof, and to fillip and lade in the Western Islands of Azeri Wines of the Growth of the said Blands, and to snip and take in Servants or Horses in Scotland or Ireland and to ship or lade in Scotland all Sorts of Victual of the Growth or Production of Scotland, and to lhipo lade in Ireland all Sorts of Victual of the Growth or Production, of Ireland, and the same to transport inti 13 Geo. 1. c.j. any of the said Lands, Blands, Plantations, Colonies, Territories or Places; anything in the foregoim Clause to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.'VIII Am

Engiith builc Shipping. Repealed as to Info Linen by 3 & 4 Annas, C 8. §, i.

13 & 14 Car, 2. C 11.

The Penalty.

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto caroli II C 7. 269

VIII. And for the better Prevention of Frauds, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted, That from Prevention of and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred sixty and four, every Person or Frau "3,

Persons importing by Land any Goods or Commodities' whatsoever into any the said Lands, Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Territories or Places, shall deliver to the Governor of Inch Land, Kland, Plantation,

Colony, Territory or Place, or to such Person or Officer as shall be by him thereunto authorised and appointed, within four and twenty Hours after such Importation, his and their Names and Surnames, and a true Inventory and Particular of all such Goods or Commodities: (2) And no Ship or Vessel com Farther provided ing to any such Land, Kland, Plantation, Colony, Territory or Place, shall lade or unlade any Goods C

or Commodities whatsoever, until the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall first have made known to the Governor of such Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory or Place, or such other Person or Officer as shall be by him thereunto authorised and appointed, the Arrival of the said Ship or Vessel, with her Name, and the Name and Surname of her Master or Commander, and have shewn to him that (he is an enghjij bvmx. Ship, or made goodbye producing such Certificate, as abovesaid, that (he is a Ship or Vessel bona fide belonging to England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick, and navigated with an English Master, and three fourth Parts of the Mariners at lead: Englishmen, and have delivered to such Governor or other Person or Officer a true and perfect Inventory or Invoice of her Lading, together with the Place or Places in which the said Goods were laden or taken into the' said Ship or Vessel; under the Pain of the Loss of the Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, and of all such Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe, as were not bonapde laden and taken in in England, jval'es, or the Town of Berwick, to be recovered and divided in manner aforesaid; and all such as are Governors or Commanders of any the said Lands, Islands, Plantations,

Colonies, i erritories or Places Tangier only excepted) shall before the five and twentieth day of March one thousand six hundred sixty and four, and all such as shall hereafter be made Governors or Commanders of any of them, shall before their Entrance upon the Execution of such Trust or Charge, take a solemn Oath before such Person or Persons as shall be authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to administer the same; to do their utmost within their respective Governments or Commands, to cause to be well and truly observed what is in this act enacted, in Relation to the Trade of such Lands, Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Territories and Places, under the Penalty of being removed out of their respective Governments and Commands: (5) And if any of them shall be found, after the taking of such Oath, to have wittingly and willingly offended contrary to what is by this at required of them, that they shall for such Offence be turned out of their Governments, and be uncapable of the Government of any other Land, Island, Plantation or Colony, and moreover, forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds of lawful Money of England, the one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts in any of the said Plantations, or in any Court of Record in England, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Officer of the Customs in England, ivales, or Town Penalty upon' of Berwick upon Tzvced, shall give any Warrant for, or suffer any Sugar, Tobacco, Ginger, Cotton Officers of the wool, Indico, speckle wood or jamaica wood, Fustick or other dying wood of the Growth of any of the customs said Lands, Klands, Colonies, Plantations, Territories or Places, to be carried into any other Country

or Place whatsoever, until they have been first unladen bona fide and put on Shore in some Port or haven in England or Wales, or in the Town of Berwick, That every such Officer for such Offence shall forfeit his Place, and the Value of such of the said Goods as he shall give Warrant for, or suffer to pass into any other Country or Place; the one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same in any Court of Record in England or Wales, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

X. And for the better Encouragement of the said Plantations, and the Increase of the Shipping and Encouragement Navigation of this Kingdom, (2) Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred sixty and four, it shall and shipping, may be lawful out of any Port of England or Wales, or out of the Town of Berwick, to ship and lade Sea Altered by coals for any Part of them, paying for the Chalder, m?tt/<w/?/r measure, one Shilling eight Pence; and ?ant, X C 6a for the Chalder, london measure, one Shilling and no more; in full of ail Custom and Poundage for the same; any Law, Statute or Prohibition to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XL Provided, That such sea coals be dripped in such Shipping, and so navigated, as abovesaid; ancf that good Security be given to the Officers of the Customs in such Port in which they are shipped, for the Landing them in the said Plantations, and not elsewhere.

XII. And forasmuch as several considerable and advantageous Trades cannot be conveniently driven and carried on without the Species of Money or Bullion, and that it is found by Experience, that they' C are carried in greatest Abundance (as to a common Market) to such Places as give free Liberty for ex -- ' porting the same; and the better to keep in and increase the current Coins of this Kingdom, '(2) Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand six hundred' sixty and three, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to export out of any Port of England or Wales, in which there is a Customer or Collector, or out of the Town of Berwick, all Sorts of Foreign Coin or Bullion of Gold or Silver, first making Entry thereof in such Custom Foreign coin or house respectively, without paying any Duty, Custom, Poundage or See for the same; any Law, Sta Sported tute or u.age to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And lastly. Whereas a very great Part of the richest and best Land of this Kingdom is and cannot so well be Otherwise employed and made Use of as in the Feeding and Fattening of Cattle; and that by the coming in of late of vast Numbers of Cattle already fatted, such Lands are in many Places much fallen, and like daily to fall more in their Rents and Values, and in conseqi.ence o: hcr Lands also, to the great Prejudice, Detriment and Impoverishment of this Kingdom (2) Be it further enacted plies upon by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That for every Head of great Cattle. (except such cttueat as are of the Breed of Scotland) that shall be imported or brought into England, Wales, or the Town of certain Timet. Berwick upon Tweed, after the first Day of July, and before the twentieth "Day of December in any Year;

and

270 C 7. Anno decimo quinto caroli II A.D. 1663

Farther Provi and for every Head of great Cattle of the breed of Scotland that shall be imported or brought into eng hereto^is'car ani Wales, or the Town of Berwick, after the four and twentieth Day of August, and before the twen

z. C z. 'tieth Day of December in any Year, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Suit

forscotscattle, of twenty Shillings; and the Sum of ten Shillings to him or them that shall inform or seize the same; C Article 6 ant the Sum of ten Shillings to the Poor of the Parish where such Seizure or Information shall be made, to be recovered and levied by Bill, Plaint or other Action, wherein no eltoin, Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

EXP.

XIV. And moreover, That there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Sheep which dial] be imported into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick aforesaid, after the first Day of August, and before the twentieth Day of December, in any Year, the Sum of ten Shillings of lawful Money of Englatid, to be recovered and levied in Manner aforesaid.

thecontinu

XV. Provided always, That this Act, in so far as it relates to great Cattle or Sheep, shall not take ance of this Act piace till the first Day of July one thousand six hundred sixty and four, nor continue longer titan the End taion0ofcpaitie.' of the first Session of the' next Parliament.

Encouragement

XVI. And for the Encouragement of the Heriing and North sea Island, and Wefimony Fisheries, (2) of Herring be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Au ahered by i which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and four, no Fresh Herring,

Geo. i. slat. 2. Fresh. Cod or Haddock, coal fiftt or gull fillt, shall be imported into England, Wales, or the Town of c. 12. §. i. Berwick, but in english) bxn\t Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels bona fide belonging to England, Wales or the Town of Berwick, and having such Certificate thereof as is abovesaid, and whereof the Mailer and three Fourths at the least of the Mariners are English, and which hath been fished, caught and taken in such Ships or Vessels, and so navigated, and not being bought or had of any Strangers born, or out of any Strangers Bottoms, under the Pain of the Forfeiture of all such Herring, Cod, Haddock, coal fish or gull fish imported contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, and of the Ship or Vessel in which it was imported; (3) one Moiety of which Forfeitures shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors;

and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform, seize or sue for the same, to be recovered

by Bill, Plaint or other Action, wherein no eltoin, Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

Duties to be paid

XVII. And be it further enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the tion"offt^tedot following Sorts or Kinds of salted or dried Fish, which from and after the said first Day of August shall dried Fish. be imported into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick, in any other Ship or Vessel than what is See farther con english built or belonging to England, Wales, or Town of Berwick, and having such Certificate thereof as iv ca lyhery> abovesaid, and whereof the Mailer and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English, and not having Tt. u e. been fished and caught in such Ships or Vessels, and so navigated, there shall be paid by Way of Custom

4 & ISM. and Impost the several Sums of Money herein after particularly mentioned, (that is to say) For cod fish

C, j the Barrel, five Shillings; for cod fish the Last, containing twelve Barrels, three Pounds; for cod fish az. C 26. the Hundred, containing fixfcore, ten Shillings; for coal fish the Hundred, containing lixfcore, five Shil 1 gco.i. Seat, z, lings; for Lings the Hundred, containing fixfcore, one Pound; for White Herrings the Last, contain

r, I 8, ing twelve Barrels, one Pound sixteen Shillings; for Haddocks the Barrel, two Shillings; for gull fish

i3 Geo. A'clie. the Barrel, two Shillings.

§. 7. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9« 3° Geo. 2. c. 21 G? 30. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

The further Pe '

XVIII. And forasmuch as planting and making Tobacco within this Kingdom of England doth con naity for plante tinue and increase, to the apparent Loss of his said Majesty in his Customs, the Discouragement of the Enghnd C°' Englisho Plantations in the Parts beyond the Seas, and Prejudice of this Kingdom in general, not with 12 Car. i. C 14. ' Handing an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his said majesty's Reign for Prevention Farther frov ifi thereof, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting or Sowing of Tobacco in England and ire nlzz&zzcar. 1 iancl i (2) And forasmuch as it is found by Experience, that the Reaifon why the said Planting and

2.' C 26. ' Making of Tobacco doth continue, is, That the Penalties prescribed and appointed by that Law arefo

1 L jkw c. 4'*little, as have neither Power or Effect over the Transgressors thereof) For Remedy therefore of so

10 & 11 Ir. 'lt Sreat an Evil, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person or Persons whatso

C 11.'ever, that do or shall at any Time hereafter set, plant or sow any Tobacco in Seed, Plant or otherwise,

vw. r. <3. in or upon any Ground, f ield, Earth or Place, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, t JZ\ f. Tf. Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, or own of Berwick upon Tweed or Kingdom of Ireland, hall, over and izam.it.z. c. %. above the Penalty of the said Act for that Purpose ordained, for every such Offence forfeit and pay the 1 Geo. 1. fi. Sum of ten Pounds for every Rod or Pole of Ground that he or they shall so plant, fetor sow with to |cm.'ive'.ll'. h_acco, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity of Ground; one third Part thereof to the

5 Geo. i. c.zi. King's Majesty; other third Part thereof to the Use of the Poor of such respective Parish or Parishes SG. ". >c -6 wherein such Tobacco shall be so planted, fetor sowed; the other third Part thereof to him or them

z 1 he'o. z cz. stat sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of

24 Geo. 2. f.qi. his said majesty's Courts of Record at jfejlmuifter, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager, of Law shall 1

entlz6 Geo. 2. c. 13. be allowed.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refill or make forcible Opposition against any Person or Persons in the due and through Execution of the said Act of the twelfth 1 of his said majesty's Reign, that he, she or they, so refilling and making forcible Opposition, fttall over and above the Penalties therein mentioned for such Offences, be committed to the Common Goal of the County where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she or they, have entered into a Recognisance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with two sufficient Sureties, of ten Pounds Penalty, not to do or commit the like Offence again.

provisoforto

XX. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to the Hindrance Fhytick gar" Prejudice of planting Tobacco in any Physic garden of either of the Universities, or any other private dens. Garden for Chirurgery, so as the Quantity so planted exceed not the Half of one Pole in any one Place

or Gaiden.

Cattle imported

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import Cattle of the Breed Man Che Isle f ie of Man, not exceeding six hundred in any one Year and Com of the Growth of that Island,

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 8-11. 271

out of that Island into England; so as the said Cattle be landed at Chester, Liverpool or jvire water; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

3 & 4 Ed. 6. C 19. §. 3.

25! & 23 Car. 2. C 19.

25 Car. 2. C 4.

I Jac. 2. C 17.

4 & 5 W. & M. C 24.

II. 4: 12 W. 3.

C 13.

5 Anna;, C 14. 7 Anne. 6.

Penalty upon Butchers for selling live fat Cattle.

12 Car. 1. C 24; This at continued for 99 Years, by 4 & 5 w.«rm. C and enforced by 5 & 6 W. & M, C 20. § II

CAP. VIII.

An act to prevent the Selling of live fat Cattle by Butchers.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, it is enacted, That no Person using the Craft or Mystery of a Butcher should buy any fat Oxen, Steers, Runts, Kine, Heifers, Calves or Sheep, and fell the same again alive, upon Pain of For feiture of the Cattle so sold; (z) which Law hath not wrought such effectual Reformation as was intended, by Reason of the Difficulty in the Proof of such Buying and Selling, being for the most part at Places far distant, if not in several Counties, by Means whereof the Parties so offending have ef caped unpuniffied

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That no Person using the Trade of a Butcher Rial! at any Time from and after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next ensuing, fell, offer or expose to Sale, in any Market or elsewhere, either by himself or any Servant or Agent whatsoever, any fat Oxen, Steers, Runts, Kine, Heifers,

Calves, Sheep or Lambs alive 3 (2) upon Pain to forfeit the double Value of the Cattle so sold or offered or exposed to Sale as aforesaid 3 the one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Bill, Plaint, Action of Debt or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting four entire Subsidies to his Majesty by the Temporally.

EXP.

CAP. X.

An Act for confirming of four Subsidies granted by the Clergy.

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Additional Act for the better Ordering and Collecting the Duty of Excise, and preventing the Abuses therein.

FOR the Preventing of the Frauds and Deceits of Brewers and other Persons who make Beer and JALE, and other Exciseable Liquors, to sell, and of the Abuses committed by the Officers, Collectors and Managers of the Excise, to the great Decay of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, and obstruction of the due and orderly Collecting of the same, and for Supply and Amendment of certain Defects in the Laws and Statutes relating to the Duty of Excise, as well for the Support and Advance of the said Revenue as for the Ease of the People) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That no Common Brewer, innkeeper, Victualler or other Retailer of Beer or Ale, shall at any Time after the first Day of September one thousand six hundred sixty three, without first giving Notice thereof at the next Office of Excise, or to the Commissioners, Farmers Notice to be or Sub Commissioners of Excise, or one of them, within the Limits and Jurisdiction of whose Office he given of all or they do or shall inhabit, erect, setup, alter or enlarge any Tun, Sat, Back, Cooler or Copper, and brewinsveflels, shall make Use of any of them for the Brewing or Making any Beer or Ale, or Worts, or shall make Use of or keep any private and concealed store house, Cellar or other Place for the Laying of any Beer or Ale, or Worts in Cask, other than such as are already openly setup, erected and made Use of in his common and usual brew house, and now openly discovered and known 5 (3) upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Tun, Sat, Back, Copper and Cooler setup and made Use of Without such Notice given thereof as aforesaid, and contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof: (4) And that all and every other Person or Persons, in whose Occupation any House, Message, Outhouses or other Place whatsoever is or shall be, where any such private and concealed Tun, Back, Cooler or store house shall be found and discovered, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner and Form as in and by this present Act is hereafter directed and ordained: (5) And moreover, every such private and concealed Tun, Sat, Back, Copper or Cooler, so discovered and found as aforesaid, or altered or enlarged, together with all Beer, Ale or Worts therein being, shall and may be taken 'up, seized, carried away and delivered to the Overseers for the Poor, to be sold for the Use of the Poor, or distributed amongst them.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the eighth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and five, no Person or Persons whatsoever dominated by his Majesty to be in Commission for the Regulating of his Majesty's Revenue of, Excise, or for the Exercise of any the Powers or Authorities mentioned in an Act, intituled, A Grant of certain Itn oofuions upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Mcjefy's Revenue during his Life: Or one Jther Act, intituled, An Act for taking atvey the Court of jvards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, by Knights service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or in this present Act, shall presume to farm the said Revenue of his Majesty, either directly or indirectly, by obtaining Letters Patents to him or themselves thereof, or any Person or Persons whatsoever intruded for him or them, or to or for his or their Use, Benefit or Behoof: (z) Nor that any Person or Persons whatsoever, being a Farmer of the said Revenue, shall be any way capable to be nominated a Commissioner for the Regulating his Majesty's said Revenue of Excise, or exercising any Powers or Authorities concerning the same: (3) But if any Person or Persons who (lands thus disabled as aforesaid to be nominated a commissioner, shall become a Farmer, and shall in either of the said Cases nevertheless presume directly or indirectly to act as a Commissioner, Farmer or Sub commissioner, to execute the Powers and Authorities aforesaid, either alone or jointly with other Persons that are Farmers, or elsewith any others who are not

Farmers,

The Penalty. Explained by I W. M. Self. 1. C 24, §. 11.

Commissioners may not farm the Excise,

12 Car. 2. C 23, 12 Car. 1. C 24,

these Penalty.

The Penalty for giving any false and corrupt Judgement to the Brewers Damage,

j

The Duty of Ghgers in making Entries.

Farther provided for by i W. & M. Sifli t. C 24.

§ 1°.

Two skilful Ga

gsrs to be appointed, and to take an Oath.

Commissioners or Farmers not to a as Justices of the Peace in Matters touching tie Excise.

iz Car. 2. C 23

& z.

Market Towns.

Officers to attend in Market towns touching Receipts and Duties of Excise.

C 11. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663.

'Farmers, shall from and after such his Acting, lose the Benefit of his said Farm, and be thenceforth totally for ever disabled to be either Farmer of the said Revenue, or Commissioner for the Regulating thereof, and exercising the Powers aforesaid: (4) And that all and every Act and Acts done by any commissioner or Commissioners, or Sub of, being Farmer or Farmers, by him or themselves, or jointly with others who are not Farmers, shall be void in Law, and of none Effect; (;,) and that all and every Person or Persons any way molestgd or troubled by the Command and Authority of such Commissioner or Commissioners acting by him or themselves, or together with others who are not Farmers or of, may bring his Action at Law for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and thereby recover his Damages against any such Commissioner or Commissioners; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And that all and every Letters Patents to be made from and after the tenth Day of Jpril in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three, enabling any Farmer or Farmers of the Excise to be Commissioner or Commissioners, or Sub of, shall be utterly void and of none Effect; anything in any of the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And that if any Commissioner or Sub commissioner, Commissioners or Sub of, who by colour.or Virtue of any Letters Patents are now both Commissioners or Sub of for regulating the said Revenue, and likewise Farmers of the said Revenue, shall give any false and corrupt Judgement in Advancement of the Benefit of his or their said Farm, to the Brewers Damage, contrary to Law, he or they shall forfeit for every such Judgement so fallly and corruptly given, double Costs to the Party so injured by the said corrupt and false Judgement: (2) And in Case any Person shall unjustly complain of any Judgement of the Commissioners or Sub of as aforesaid, and so shall be found upon his Appeal, the said Party shall forfeit double Costs to the said Commissioners for such unjust Vexations, to be recovered by Information, Bill or Plaint, in any Court of Record.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three, all and every Gager or Gagers of the Excise, who shall take an Account of any Beer or Ale brewed or made by any common Brewer, shall weekly after such common Brewer hath made, or ought to have made his Entry at the Office of Excise: not otherwise, make and deliver to such common Brewer at his House, or to same of his Servants in his Behalf, a true Copy under his or their Hand of such Return or Report as he or they have made thereof to the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise respectively, upon Pain to forfeit for every Neglect or Refusal the Sum of forty Shillings.

VI. Provided nevertheless, that no such common Brewer or Brewers shall be sued or prosecuted for any Penalty or Forfeiture by him or them incurred, for or by reason of any mif entiy or short Entry, if he or they shall within the Space of one Week after the Delivery of such Copy as aforesaid, rectify his or their Entry according to the said Return, or otherwise discharge himself.

VII. Be it enacted, That from and after the said first Day of September one thousand six hundred sixty three, and as often as there shall be Occasion, two able Artists shall be appointed, one of them by his Majesty's Commissioners, Farmers or Sub of, for Excise, and the other by the Brewers of any City or Place, which said Artists shall take an Oath, which Oath any one Justice hath hereby Power to administer, to take and compute the just Contents and Gauge of all Coppers, Fats, Tuns, Backs and Coolers, and all other Brewing Vessels of that Nature, belonging to all or any Brewer or Brewers of Beer or Ale to sell, and to deliver and give under their Hands one Copy of the particular Contents of all such Vessels to the aforesaid Commissioners, Farmers and Sub of, and another true Copy thereof to each and every such respective Brewer; which Computation by the Artists aforesaid shall answer and be according to the Measures and Proportions expressed in the said former Acts for Excise

And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, Farmer or Sub commissioner for the Excise, or common Brewer of Ale or Beer to sell, or innkeeper whatsoever, shall from and after the said first Day of September' have Power to act in or execute as a Justice of the Peace any of the Powers, Clauses or Things contained in any of the Laws made for and concerning the Excise, or in this present Act; and if any or tlje said Persons shall presume to actor execute anything contrary hereunto, it is hereby further declared, That all such Things so acted or executed by any of them, are and shall be utterly void and null to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. And whereas by the said recited Acts it is enacted, That no Person shall be compelled by the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise to travel for the making of his Entries, or Payment of the Duties of Excise, or other Cause whatsoever touching or concerning the same, if he live in a Market Town, out of the said d own; and if he live out of a Market town, then to no other Place than to the next Market town to his Habitation in the same County on the Market day; and nevertheless the Commissioners and Sub of, or their Officers, have not accordingly kept Officers in the; 4 Market towns in many Counties within England and ivales, whereby such Entries and Payments for the Duties of Excise might be had and made, and yet do take and levy the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Acts mentioned for non entry and Payment of the Duty, and do otherwise thereupon grieve and vex his Majesty's Subjects, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts: '

X Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three, the Commissioners, Farmers or sub of in each County within England and I'vales, shall constitute and appoint or depute under their Hands and Seals, such Person or Persons as they shall think needful in each respective Market town, to be there upon every Market day, in some known and public Place, for the receiving of the said Entries and Duties of Excise, and for performing all other Matters and Things touching the said Duty, according to the said Acts, " and this present Act; (z) \schich said Person and Persons so constituted or deputed, and the Place where they intend to hold or keep such Office, being on the next Market day after such Constitution or Deputation published in full and open Market, shall attend at such Office on every Market day, in such Market town, and shall keep the said Office open from nine of the Clock in the Morning until twelve of the Clock at Noon, and from two of the Clock in the Afternoon until five of the Clock in the Afternoon;

stf ajltsj 4 (3) And

!!! Section missing !!!

A.D. 1680. Anno XXXII Caroli. II.

C. 1, 2.

Anno Regni c.aroli II Regis Anglian, Scotise, Francice Sc Hiberniae,

tricesimo secundo

£ T the Parliament summoned to begin at Wcjim injier on the seventeenth Day of oduber one

J thousand six hundred seventy nine, in the one and thirtieth Year of our Sovereign Lord Charles

' L the Second, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and by several Prorogations continued to the one and twentieth Day of Gits her one thousand six hundred and eighty, in the thirty second Year of his said majesty's Reign; and thence continued to die tenth of January next ensuing, on which Day the following Acts passed the Royal Assent.'

4o I

CAP. I.

An Additional Act for Burying in Woollen. J

WHEREAS in one Act of Parliament passed in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign that now a Recital of for is, intituled, An Act for Burying in Woollen, it was amongst other Things enabled and ordained, t.oat mcr Acts.

' the Affidavits which were to be made of any person's being interred in Woollen according to the Direct Car. 2.,

j ' tions in the said Act, Should be made or talcen before some one Justice of the Peace or Mailer of Chan, tat' c. 3'

' eery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer of the City, County, Bo 5'

' rough, Corporation or Market town in the County where the said Party was buried, who are thereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath, and to attest the same under their Hands upon such Affidavit, gratis.

II. And whereas by reason of the Distance of the Habitations of the Persons before whom such Affi the Hindrance % davit is to be made, and other Accidents, diverse Persons who have had Otcasion, to make such Affidavits of Affidavits by f have been necessitated to travel many Miles for the making thereof, to their great Loss of Time, and Ul(, a'lce0ji: lace Hindrance of their Affairs

III. Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with Where no Juf -- the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ticer; sids or affenahled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the second Day of February in the Year

lofour Lord one thousand six hundred and eighty, (where no Justice of the Peace shall reside or be to be t[, e parson vl' found, in any Parish where any Party shall be interred) the said Oaths or Affidavits may be adminiilredc^r, ard Curjte not only by any Justice of the Peace or Mailer of Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, Mayor, Bailiffmay ike aik or other Chief Officer of the City, County, Borough, Corporation or Market town in the County where <: avit°1 Eutla, in any Party was buried; but also that the Parsons, Vicars and Curates in every Parish or Chapel of Ealc: 01 !Cn cn y.' within the County where any Party shall be interred, (except only the Parson, Vicar and Curate of the Parish or Chapel of Ease where the Party is interred, concerning whose Interment in Woollen such Affidavit is to be made) be and are hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oaths or Affidavits, and to attest the same under their Hands gratis; (2) and that every such Affidavit taken before them shall Affidavit ulcen be of like Force and Effect, as if the same had been taken and administered by the Persons authorised to ad b' minister the same by the Act aforesaid

Star. IC.;

CAP. IL 55

An Act prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament v/ss made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lord the King that now is, intituled, An Act against Importing Cattle from Ireland, an i other Parts f' beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners; which was to continue until the End of Even Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, which is now expired

I '

II. And forasmuch as by long Experience the said Law hath been found to be very beneficial to this I Kingdom, '(2) Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty; by and with the Advice and Confmr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled; the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Article and Thing therein combined, together with the Additions and Alterations herein after mentioned and expressed, shall from and after the te cond Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and.eighty, be revived, continue and remain, and is hereby revived and continued in force, to all Intents; co.nftfue tions and Purposes for ever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That not only the Constables, Officers and Inhabitants mentioned in the aforesaid recited Act, but any and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, shall and may take and seize in any Place or Places whatsoever the Cattle and Goods imported contrary so the said recited Act; (2) and that all and every such Person and Persons that shall seize as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time have the Benefit and Advantage hereafter given by this Act to any Seizor or Seizors whatsoever -.*.r

IV. And to prevent all fraudulent Seizures, Sales and Compositions* to.'btf ifiadertby stn^ Peffbn or 'per

A Recital of 18 Car. 2. C 2,

3 & 4 Ed. 6.

- j9. j

The Benefit of it. that is c2r. 2. C 2. be revjwd and continued lor ever.

sto, t only Q/E« cos, W zjl. ji'o: s, nuy

Cons whatsoever, in any Parish or Place whatsoever, where

Vet. III - - 3 F

any great Cattle, Sheep or Swine shall heim.

tease irish. c.if. re ,n<i Goods rm ported.

Ali Seizor?, \ot have Benefit., To prevent fraudulent'

Sales and Corn portions

C 2. Anno XXXII Caroli II A.D. 1680.

ported nr found contrary to this or the Act aforesaid, and to make the Prohibitions therein more effectual;

Seizor Aall V Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the respective Seizor or Seizors of such 01 life Uie Cat Cattle, Sheep or Swine, shall within six Days after Conviction and Forfeiture thereof, cause the said cat hw'cs^and Tat ^e' Sheep and Swine to be killed; (2) and the Hides and Tallow of such Great Cattle, Sheep and Swine, lowyo be the shall be and remain to the Use of ttie said Seizor or Seizors, and the Remainder of the said Great Cattle, Seizor's, thercftsheep and Swine shall he forthwith distributed amongst the Poor of the said Parish, by the Churchwardens to be distribtited and Overseers of the Poor there, or some of them, upon Notice thereof to be given them or any of them, to the Poor by such Seizor or Seizors as aforesaid; anything in the said former Lave, or any other Law to the con

the Churchwjr 1, i, ° 3 1

den, C trary notwithstanding.

Seizors, Church

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Lid Seizor or Seizors, or the Churchwardens and over wardens and seers of the Poor, shall fail in their respective Duties, in the Execution of this Add, They and every of them Overseers on respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for every one of the Great Cattle, and ten Shillings for for each evert Sheep or Swine, which (hold have been killed and distributed as aforesaid; one Moiety thereof to Great Cattle, the Poor of the said Parish, and the other Moiety to the Informer; (2) the same to be levied by Distress and jos. (or and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and each Sheep or Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County or Place where the said Offence shall be committed, upon To'bc Jevicd Confession of the Party, View of the said Justice, or Oath thereof made before such Justice by one or more by°distrcfsand credible Witness or Witnesses, other than the Informer, which Oath the said Justice hath hereby Power to Said of chat administer, rendering the Overplus to the Owners thereof, uecessary Charges of Distraining being first de tels by War dusted. (3) And for Want of such Distress, the said Offender or Offenders to be committed to the corn rant of any mon Qaoi of the said County or Place, there to remain for the Space of three Months without Bail or porm^iit of Dif Mainprize.

refs, the Party to be imprisoned vrkhout Bail three Months.

Nothing herein

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act nor to hinder inipor any other Act whatsoever heretofore made shall either hinder or be construed to extend to hinder the impor 'fiiij0 and ee[fck^' tation of stoclc fish or live Eels into this Kingdom of England; (2) but that it shall and may be lawful to r ny Person may fr all and every Person and Persons whatsoever to import into this Kingdom of England any siodc jniportstock fiihfifti or live Eels as aforesaid; anything in this Act, or any other Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to and live Eds. the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Altered as to*VIII. And whereas the present Laws do not sufficiently provide against the Importation of Mutton and Foreigners, by Lamb out of Ireland and other Parts beyond the Seas into this Kingdom, but that great Quantities thereof i Geo. j. Stat. 2. < are dai]y imported and sold, to the great Loss and Prejudice of this Kingdom (2) Be it therefore enacted Want of fuse y ftc Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Day of February, no Mutton or Lamb shall vient Provision be imported into this Kingdom from the Kingdom of Ireland orany Foreign Parts: (3) And all Mutton and against iroportn lamb imported from Ireland, or beyond the Seas, or that shall be exposed to Sale within this Kingdom, shall ion of Mutton be subject to the like Seizures, and the Importers and Sellers thereof respectively to the like Penalties, as are no mutton or prov'<ie^ and appointed in any former Law against any Importer or Seller, or Importation of any Beef, Lamb ftwii be Pork or Bacon, from the Kingdom of Ireland, or any Foreign Parts; anything in this or any former Law imported. or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Mutton or Lamb imported or exposed to Sale, subject to former Penalties.

Want of Pro '

IX. And whereas the present Laws do not sufficiently provide against the Importation of Butter and vision against < Cheese out of Ireland into this Kingdom, but that great Quantities thereof are daily imported and sold to Cheek and" ° ' the great Loss and Prejudice of this Kingdom; '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

flutter. That from and after the said second Day of February no Butter or Cheese shall be imported into this King

No Butter or dom from the Kingdom of Ireland: (3) And all Butter and Cheese imported from Ireland', or that shall be cheese shall exposed to Sale within this Kingdom, shall be subject to the like Seizures, an.l the Importers or Sellers butter and thereof respectively, to the like Penalties, as are provided or appointed in any former Law against any im rheefe imported porter or Seller, or Importation of any Beef, Bacon or Pork from the Kingdom of Ireland, or any and exposed Foreign Parts; anything in this or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

to Sale, subject to former Penalties.

For Execution X And for the more effectual Execution of this and the aforesaid Act, (2) be it further enacted by the if8 Seizufc to Authority aforesaid, That if any Great Cattle, Sheep or Swine, shall be once or oftener seized in Pursuance fie tn afyzpa 10°^ this or the aforesaid Act, and afterwards either by rermission. Connivance, Negligence or other wise shall rith into which be removed into and found alive in any Parish or Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Cittle r«move. Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, other than such Parish or Place wherein they shall have been respectively seized, that then the said lcattle, Sheep and Swine shall be liable to like Seizure, and the Seizor and 1 Poor of the Parish or Place have like Benefit and Advantage, and the Cattle, Sheep and Swine be forfeited, and the Proof be incumbent upon the Owner, as if such Cattle had never before been seized.

Fraud in inter '

XI. And whereas diverse Persons, on purpose to discourage others from making Seizure of Irish Cattle, 'mixing Diaves.*have intermixed some fewenglish or other Cattle in Droves of Irish Cattle, and so created many vexatious and chargeable Suits against those that have seized Irish Cattle in pursuance of the aforesaid Act; '(2) Bel fenglifhcattle jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any English or other Cattle driven or intermixed with mixed with" " shall be seized together with them, such Cattle so intermixed and seized shall be deemed Irish It;, }, to be Cattle, and shall be subject to like Forfeiture, and be ordered and disposed of in all Respects, as if they were fcised as iu(k. Irish Cattle, and imported contrary to this and the aforesaid Act.

Not to seise

XII. Provided that nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to the Forfeiture or seising any Cattle Cattle in Eng. that are or shall be in England before the said second Day of February.

(bod Mete Ftlk a, tiio, — Farlitc Vm'jimi mtm.'tngcattu, 3 fv, kj M. (. 8. 3 IF, & M. 1.1. 31 Gn, 2, C 4c. and 32 Gtt>. 2.1.1j.

Anno

A.D. 1685.

C 1 — 3

4° 3

Anno primo JACOBI secundi.

STATUTES made in the Parliament begun at westmi?ijler the nineteenth Day of May in the first Year of the Reign of our most Gracious Sovereign Lord James the Second, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C

CAP. I.

An act for settling the Revenue on his Majesty for His Life, which was settled on His late Majesty for His Life. Repealed by 2 W. & M. Sell. 1. Cap. 3. Sect. 11.

CAP. II.

An A to Attaint James Duke of Monmouth of High treason.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting His Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety and three.

Moult Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, towards 6 EJ. 1. C 15. a Supply for Repairs of the Navy, and providing Stores for the Navy and Ordnance, and other Your majesty's weighty and important Occasions; and with an humble and thankful Acknowledgment of Your majesty's favourable and tender Regard of us your Commons, have cheerfully and una liimously given and granted unto Your Majesty an Aid and Assistance to be raised and levied upon all Wines and Vinegar to be imported into this Your majesty's Kingdom, according to such Rates, and during such wine and Vine. Time, and in such Manner and Form, as herein after followeth. And we do humbly befeecli Your ma gar. jesty that it may be enacted:

And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the imposition of SI. Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority P" T" " of the same, That for all French Wines, Spanish Wines, or other Wines whatsoever, as also for all Vinegar, 'rj '"e which at anytime after the Four and twentieth Day of June in te Year of our Lord one thousand six Tonne onspanift hundred eighty-five, and before the Four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thou wine, sand six hundred ninety three, shall be imported into England or I Vales, or the Town or Port of Berwick the iner(, afc upon Tweed, there shall be duly answered and paid to His Majesty the further Rates and Duties hereaftera, d Continuance mentioned (that is to say) For every Tonne of French Wine, and of Vinegar, which shall be imported with of chute Duties;

or Idler Quantity. C itj. §. z.

III. Anti for the better and more sure coliefling and receiving of all and singular the Duties hereby im C 27 posed; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within the Time'q, aforesaid shall import, or cause to be imported by way of Merchandise, or otherwise, any of the Liquors, ? - 11 such Importers Ihaj', upon the Entry made of such Liquors, and before the landing thereof, pay down thesut. Duties hereby imposed, in ready Money, deducting the Allowance hereafter mentioned, or otherwise be V

' ' A '*'*'Impo

before landing,

made within three Months after the date^p, '

I Geo. I 12.

come bound unto his Majesty with two or more sufficient Sureties, or procure three otter Persons to become to W

bound to his Majesty, to answer.and pay unto his Majesty the whole Rates and Duties hereby imposed, by J zxc bouni three several and equal Payments: The first Payment thereof to be made within three Months after the Datew; p two, of the said Obligation; the second Payment to be made within six Months after the Date of the said obli procure three to gation; and the third and last Payment to be made within nine Months after the Date of the said obligation.bc lor The taking which Bonds, and the Approbation of the Sureties therein to be named, is hereby left to thepjv discretion of such Farmers, or other cptnmissioners for the Time being, as shall he entrusted with the Re racnl, <vuhi*'

3 F 2, Ceiptn; nc Months.

4-04- C

A.D. 1685.

rities left to the Farmers or Commissnners, 10 I. percent.

3. Anno primo Jacobi II

Hon of th esecu C€*P^ an Management of Ins majesty's Customs and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, or their deputy collectors in the several Ports, or such other Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall authorise and appoint to coileft the Duties arising by this Act

IV. Provided alwaysj and it is hereby declared and enacted, That all and every Person and Persons im aiiowed to those p°mng a V the Liquors aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, by way of Merchandise or otherwise, who thlt iiy L t cy' AMI ptiy the Duties v.'hickby, this Act are due and payablein ready Money, shall be allowed and abated Money.'out of the Paid Duties, 'after the rate of Ten'pounds percent, for a Year, in Consideration of such ready money so paid down and!advanced

Forfeiture of the ' V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That If any of the said Liquors final] he im V lje ported with in the Time aforesaid. landed without present Payment made of the Rates and Duties ty

this Act imposed, in.cases where this Act requires present Payment to be made; or without Security given for. Payment thereof, in Cases where, this': Act admits of security to be taken, that then and in every such Case all and every the Liquors so imported and landed, or the Value thereof, hall be forfeited, one Moiay thereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall or will sue for the same; and shall and may be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no eitoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more than one Imparlance: And yet nevert neless the Persons so importing and landing any of the said Liquors shall, notwithstanding such for -- feitures so.?, s!aforesaid incurred,; remain, and continue liable lunto, and shall answer and pay uato his Majesty tl Allowances up.'T T' on Importation

oj Wines -.,

e Wines and other Liquors, be it further enacted, That no Importer thereof shall be chargeable by virtue of

£ this Act to pay the Duty hereby required, for any greater Proportion of Wines or other Liquors duly enter

' edit the custorrphouse, thin what shall remain neat after all such Allowances and Abatements: And that the Liquors' are imp irted with lucent to tell again.

Allowance to be made on Expor

tyion upon Oath in the; Time aforefei J, aid fha'li make Oath that the same are imported b'y way of Merchandise, and with Intent to sell again (which Oath the farmers, or Commissioners of" his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, or in their Absence the Collector of his Majesty's Customs in each several and respective Port, or or such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall authorise and appoint to coileft the Duties arising by this Act, have hereby Power to administer) that then, and in every such Case, for and in Consideration of any Defect or Damage that may happen by any of the aforesaid Liquors lying longer on the said importer's Hands than heretofore, or by reason of any other Accident, there shall be allowed and abated to every such importer the further Allowance of eight Pounds Cents and no more. Provided, That no Merchant

Merchants rot chargeable to pay the "Duty for prizage wines.

shall be charged with any Duty imposed by this Act: for the prizage wine which he imports in any Ship or or shall any Security be by him given for the same, but that it be received and taken from the per hath or enjoyeth the: Benefit of the said prizage wine, who is hereby appointed to pay the

Veiled, nor son 'who

iame.

Unless Oath be made as aforesaid, no Allow

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby dedared and enacted, That if any of the said imported Liquors, for which any of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed shall be paid down and advanced, or otherwise secured, as aforesaid, shall at any Time after such Importation be again exported into Parts beyond the Seas: That then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so exporting the same shall be wholly barred and excluded from having or receiving back the Duties of this Act so paid down or advanced, or any Part thereof,

ance«> be made norfhali the Security formerly given by such Person exporting for the true Payment of the Duties by this upon Exporta Aftifnposed, be any ways raised, lessened, 'or discharged by reason of such Exportation, but the same secu (ion. -, rities shall remain and continue in full Force, until the Duties thereby secured be fully and wholly satisfied:

1 and paid; any such Exportation to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the better Prevention of all such Frauds, which at any Time hereafter maybe committed to the Prejudice of his Majesty in the due collecting and receiving of the Duties hereby irr.posed upon such

o.veers to 1>.avc Liquors to be imported as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid - the Officers of like Power as for his Majesty's Customs, or such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall authorise and appoint to coileft vu" de nd 1 Fne Duties arising by this Act, shall have like Power and Authority to enter on board Ships and Vessels, and make Searches, and to do all other Matters and Things which may tend to secure the true Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed, and the due and orderly Collection thereof, which any Customers, Collectors, or other Officers of any of his Majesty's Ports can or may do touching the securing his Majesty's Customs of Tonnage and Poundage, and all the said Liquors to be imported within the Time aforesaid, and landed without doing and performing what by this Act is required to be clone and performed before the landing Vcrfons smlty of thereof: And all Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and all Persons importing any of the said Liquors, and i so^efraud his"1'ot^ers employed by his Majesty in the Collection of the Duties arising by this Act, who shall be found 0 1, 1 guilty of any Act or Neglect tending to defraud his Majesty of any the Duties hereby imposed. be fub --

jest and liable to the same Seizures, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which by Virtue of any former Act can or may be infliftsd in such Cases, where his Majesty is defrauded, or endeavoured to be defrauded, of any of his Customs and Subsidies, as fully and amply, as if the same Clauses of Seizures, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the fa northeast Distribution of such Forfeitures, and the same Remedy for Recovery thereof, had been again in this Act particularly repeated, applied, and enacted.

Majesty, subject to Penalties in there as.

On Seiz ire, Pi oof of Duty

IX. And if any Liquors seized for any Offence committed again! this Act, shall be claimed by any Peril as the Importer thereof, the Proof whether the Duties thereof be duly paid

or secured shall lie upon ficch

A.D. 1685. Anno primo Jacobi II C 4. 405

such Claimer, and shall not be incumbent on his Majesty, or any Prosecutor or Informer on Behalf ofpa, I, es upon

his Majesty and himself. 1

Farther fr^ijtons concerning Wires, I Atm* Star 1. C 12. §. 112. 5 Ann, C 27. §. 17. 6 Geo. 1. C j2. 8 Geo. r. C 18. 19. 12 Geo. I. r, 28. §. 20,

Cta, 2. f. j. locfio. 2. C 19. 17 CV a. C 40. 18 Geo. 2. c. 9, 26 Gw. 2. C 12. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 32 Geo. 2. c. 19. And see farther icr.ccrntngvlntgtr

10 11 W. 3. C 21. and 8 Ann, C 7.

CAP. IV.

An act for granting to his Majesty an Impofuion upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth Day of June, one thousand six hundred ninety three. And from thence continued fas for Tobacco only) by, 2 W. & M. Sefif. e. C 5. till 24 June 1695, and from thence (as for Tobacco only) continued by 4 & 5 W. & M. C 15. till 24 June 169 b'.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, for a fur This A made there Supply for the Repairs of the Navy, and providing Stores for the Navy and Ordnance, and r rpctl al by Payment of the Debt due to his late majesty's Servants and Family, and other your majesty's weighty and \ anc ir' important Occasions, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted unto your Majesty an Aid and V Assistance to be raised and levied upon all Tobacco and Sugar to be imported into your majesty's Kingdom, according to such Rates, and during such Time, and in such Manner and Form, as herein after followeth

And we do humbly beseech your Majesty that is may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for all Sorts of Tobacco, as also for all Sorts of Sugar, which at any Time after the four and twentieth Dayofjfox? in the 12c.w.z. C 34. Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and five, and before the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred ninety and three, shall be imported into England, or tvales, cr the Town and Port of Berwick upon Tweed, there shall be duly answered and paid to his Majesty the further Rates and Duties hereafter mentioned (that is to say) For all impcfivonof 3a. Sorts of Tobacco of the Growth and Production of any of his Majesty's Plantations, Islands, or rl erritories!^'j° "tim^rl in America, Threepence for every Pound Weight thereof, above what it now pays; and for every Pound America, cd.per Weight of Spanish or Foreign Tobacco, not of the English Plantations, Sixpence above what it now pays; Pound upon spa and for all Muscovado Sugar of the aforesaid Plantations, Islands, Lands, or Territories, One Farthing the nift pound Weight above what it now pays; and for every Pound Weight of Sugar of the English Plantations, V9made fit for common Use or Spending, Three Farthings above what it now pays; and for every Pound 1 e°ji c'21' Weight of Muscovado Sugar of Braztle, or any other Foreign Part, not of English Plantations, One Halfpenny above whatitnow pays; and for all Pance Sugar, One halfpenny the Pound Weight above what it The impositi now pays; and for everypound Weight of Foreign whit: Powder Sugar, One Penny Farthing above what s 10 bjv, e4 it now pays; and for all (Foreign Sugar importid in the Loaf, Threepence the Pound Weight above what it now pays: All which Duties to be paid for any the Commodities aforesaid, imported as aforesaid, shall Duty is to from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this AD, be levied on the Consumptioner be cokeftcj ac of the said Commodities in England, or tvales, or Town of Berwick upon Tiuecd, to be paid in Manner fol cr>rt!'ns to the lowing (that is to say) The Importer, Merchant, Planter, or other that shall import the said Goods, if he he aretailer, Consumptioner, or shopkeeper dealing in those Commodities, the Duties aforesaid shall be southwest. c. 7jo". paid and satisfied by such Importer, shopkeeper, Retailer, or Consumptioner, upon the importing or Retailer to pay landing of his or their Goods, and before he or they be permitted or suffered to carry away his or ttieir before be carry

Goods from the customhouse or other Place in the Port, in which they may happen to be landed or brought v"y tj=, G, 00t: ' m'1 1 vr & iromthe custom

on Shore. home, CII

And be it further enacted, That every Merchant or Importer, that is not a Retailer, Consumptioner, Merchant is to or shopkeeper dealing in those Commodities, after Entry of his or their Goods, by Bill under hit or their Security to Hands, or the Hand of such Person for whom he or they shall engage to be answerable, presently, before he h^deitver or they be admitted or permitted to have any Warrant to receive his or their Goods out of the Ship, or from the°gocds to any the water side, shall become bound unto his Majesty with one or more sufficient Sureties, or procure two Buyer." other Persons to become bound to his Majesty, in such Sums of Money as shall amount to the Value of the Duties hereby imposed upon his or their Goods, with Condition, that he or they shall not and will not deliver or cause Or fufrer any of the said Goods to be delivered unto any of the Buyers thereof, or put or delivered into the Custody or possess.on of any Retailer, Consumptioner, or shopkeeper dealing in the said Commodities, before such Time as the Duty imposed by this Act upon his or their said Goods be first duly If h'c do not paid and satisfied. Or that in case he shall not sell or export the same before the Expiration of eighteen momh^to'v' months from the Importation thereof, that he will pay all and every the Duties imposed by this Act, and t; jduties! '^and that every Merchant or o: her Importer of any the Commodities liable to the Duties imposed by this Act, after he hath entered his Goods, and given Bond, as aforesaid, shall afterwards, upon Sale of all or any Part of the same, under his own Hand, or the Hand of such Person for whom he or they shall be responsible, certify in Writing the Quantity, and Quality, and Weight of his Goods sold, with the Name of^/ht and the Buyer, who bringing and delivering of the same to the next Office appointed for the Collection of this dumber the: d Uty, goads^and namc

A.D. 1685.

406 C 4. Anno primo Jacobi II

of that Buyer to Duty, shall then and there pay the Duties aforesaid, of the Goods so certified to be sold, unto the Officer

L e certified. appointed to receive the same, who thereupon shall give him a Receipt for such his Duties paid, and a Cer

0>uyrw a p*y t'^cate to Merchant Importer of the Payment of the same j and no Merchant Importer, as

the rcccipt'of11 aforesaid, before his Receipt of such Certificate of Payments of the Duties, as aforesaid, sit all deliver, or the Goods. cause to be delivered, nor Buyer nor any other Person receive, all or any such Goods, upon Pain of Forfeiture of double Duties imposed by this Act, or the Value of the Goods so delivered and received; which Forfeiture the said Importer and Receiver hall each of them be liable unto.

Penalty upon

III. And be it further enacted, That a Barter, Truck, or Exchange of one Goods for another, hall to Buyci or Seller all Intents and Purposes bedeemed and reputed a Sale, and the Duties presently paid for both Commodities, sod! reach of this jf t'lley both liable thereunto, or for such of the commodities as are liable, upon Pain of Forfeiture by the Parties battering, trucking, or exchanging, as in case of not paying the Duties for the like Goods upon the Sale of them.

IV. Provided always, That where the first Buyer or Receiver of the said Goods in Truck, Barter, or Exchange, docs buy or receive the said Goods with Intent to export the same, in such Case the Importer hall certify in Writing, the Quantity, and Quality, and Weight of the Goods sold or bartered, with the Name of the Buyer or Barterer, who bringing and delivering of the same unto the chief Officer or Officers,

in the next Office appointed for the Collection of this Duty, hall then and there enter into Bond with

Sureties and Penalty of double Duties, as aforesaid, to export the same bona fide within the Space of four Months, who thereupon hall give him a Certificate of such Bond entered into, the which Certificate he shall deliver to the Merchant Importer, and, by Virtue of the same, receive possession of the Goods; and such Certificate being produced by the Importer hall discharge his account for so much, as if the Duties had been paid, the which Bond for the Exportation of the Goods so entered into, hall again be discharged and vacated by the Certificate of his Majesty's Searcher or under searcher in the Port of London, and of the Searcher of any other of the out ports, certifying the Shipping of the same, and the Merchant or Merchants Oath, that the same have not again been relanded in England, or jtales> or Town of Berwick upon Tweed; for which Oath and Certificate no See is to be taken.

y. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, or Chief Managers, and Collectors appointed for the collecting of this Duty respectively, and in their several and respective Offices, once every three Months without fail, or oftener if they hall see Cause, hall take Care for the

Act.

Barter reputed

a S, le,

Buyer with Delian lo export fuail give Security to do it in four Months.

Certificate of such Bond shall fiifcbarae the Importer.

count.

Penalty upon Merchant not bringing in his Ac co ant.

The Manner how such Bond tfull be discharged,

See 6 Geo. I,

v21- y s

xjommissionfcis have Power once in three

balancing and adjusting of the Merchants their Import Accounts, by calling them, and requiring them and brln" In ill Ac every of them, to bring and deliver to them reflectively a particular Account of all the Goods and Merchandise liable to this Duty, which shall be then remaining in his or their Hands at the Time he or they shall he so called upon, and required; and if any such Merchant, Importer, or other Person hall upon Notice given him or them, or hall upon Notice or Summons left at his or their usual Place of Abode or Habitation, warning him or them thereunto, refuse or neglect to give in such Account for the Space of fourteen Days after such Notice, Warning, or Summons, as aforesaid, every such Merchant or Importer hall then he liable to the Payment of the full Duty of all the Goods he shall land duly charged With in his or their Import Account, and shall pay the same within fourteen Days next after following, at the farthest; or in Default thereof every such Merchant and Importer shall forfeit double the Value of all the Duties of fu: h Goods as shall be found resting and remaining on his Import Account, and hall ever after be incapable of taking up any Goods liable to this Duty, in any Port of this Realm, for his own or any other Use, without Payment down of the Duty of such Goods, as if he were a Retailer, Consumptioner, or Shopkeeper dealing in such Goods; but if such Importer hall upon Demand, or within fourteen Days after, Power to appoint give in such Account as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, Collectors, or Chief Managers of this Duty Searchers ir thr may (if they see Cause so to do) appoint one or more Officer or Officers to enter into all the Cellars, ware ir^h^accoune8* ^ou^esj store cellars, or other Places whatsoever belonging to such Importer, to search, see, and try, by m >. cooun. tajcing, ln Account of the Quantity and Quality of the Goods and Merchandise therein remaining, whether such importer's Remainder do agree with his Account, or no, and to make Report thereof to ihe laid commissioner or Collectors respectit ely; which Report of such Officer or Officers, in case of Differences between the Remainder and Account of such Aderchant, hall he reputed, taken, and esteemed for the true and jull: Remainder, according to which the said Commissioners or Collectors shall proceed in making up his ac tiirhbi be taken count: And then such Importer making Oath before the said Commissioners, Collectors, or Chief Mz 1} the Merdnat nagers of this Duty respectively, that the Goods and Merchandise remaining, viewed by the Officer or before the pii Officers aforesaid, and all other Goods {hipt out by him or others by which his Account is to be discharged, sing his Account, Were all and every Part and Parcel of them such Goods and Merchandise as had been bona fide formerly imported by himself, and entered in the Office appointed for the same, and there charged on his proper im t port Account, and that the said Goods and Merchandizes found so remaining had not been sold or altered, either directly, or indirectly, in their Property, since the first Importation and bringing in of the same into this Realm, the said Commissioners, Collectors, or Chief Adanagers of this Duty, mall settle and adj nil the aforesaid importer's Accounts accordingly: But if any Merchant Importer aforesaid hall refuse to permit any Officer or Officers authorized by warrant from the Commissioner or Commissioners for the Collecting of this Duty, in the daytime, to enter into or search his or their Cellars, ware houses, store houses, store cellars, or other Places, and to take an Account of the Quality and Quantity of his and their Goods therein remaining; every such Merchant hall, for every such Refusal, forfeit one hundred Pounds: And if permitting Entrance and Search, as aforesaid, hall nevertheless refuse to make Oath that the Goods and Merchandise viewed and seen, and hewn unto the Officer and Officers, as aforesaid, or slipped out, as aforesaid, were all of them imported by himself from beyond the Seas, and entered upon his Import Account 3 ifl

Commissioners

Tli are to be gov .! jur! by the Report o tbi Sc j rollers.

1001. Penalty upon Merchant refilling Officer to search.

If he retve to fwe.ir, the Goods found! ih.jll not be re 'ffeteu his.

A.D. 1685. Anno primo Jacobi II C 4. 407

'11 the Office appointed Tor this Duty, and without any Alteration of Property; all and every such Goods

shall be esteemed and reputed the Goods and Merchandise of some other than such Importer, and therefore

not at all to be reckoned in Discharge of his Account: And if such Merchant shall make Oath, and yet

shall negle<sl or refuse for the Space of fourteen Days following after the doing thereof, to pay and satisfy Bcml returned

such Duties as by this Act shall be due and payable thereupon, every such Importer his Bond given upon, nto tt, e t: che

Entry of those Goods which be found wanting, shall be returned into the Exchequer, there to be prosecuted

to the Course of Law, and shall not afterwards upon his or their Importation of Goods into any

Port of this Realm, be permitted to take up, land, or lay on Shore his or their Goods, before Payment

down of the full Duties by this at imposed unto the Officer appointed to receive the same at the Port

where his Goods shall arrive or be brought in.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the importer's Accounts shall be discharged by importer's Ac

Exportations by him made, for which he shall produce Certificate under the Hands of his Majesty's Searcher Jj4

or Under searcher in the Port of London, and of the Searcher of any other of the out ports, certifying the '

shipping out of the same, and his or their Oath that the same have not been again re landed in England,

Waits, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

VII. Provided also, That every Importer, who shall be Retailer, Consumptioner, or shopkeeper, deal importer re ing in the Commodities aforesaid, who are to pay down the aforesaid Duty upon such his Importation, tj'.lerbc 'f shall, upon his Exportation of the said Commodities, within the Space of eighteen Months next after such j' "'on

his Importation, be repaid the Duties so by him paid down upon his Importation of the same, by the Officer t; 'on. p r J" appointed to receive the said Duty. thei' Hirhtrrn

VIII. And forasmuch as the Commodities aforesaid are liable to Damage on the Seas; and whereas by moiyhstniarpri

the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, and the Rules and Instructions for collecting his Majesty's Duties lh(r.'., c0y1'ijr3

arising thereby, it is directed that Allowance be made for Damage by saltwater or otherwise; 'Be it II

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Importer of the Commodities chargeable by this Act§ ro.

shall be charged for any greater Proportion of the Goods herein mentioned, duly entered at the Custom importer house, than what shall remain neat after such Allowance or Abatement. charged only

IX. And forasmuch as the Commodities aforesaid are liable to Waste and Decay, during the Time they eftvas.*

1 may remain in the Hands of the Importer, before the Sale or Exportation of the same; 'the aforesaid Commissioners Commissioner or Commissioners, Collectors, or Chief Managers of this Duty, are hereby empowered and may allow for authorised to make such further Allowance for the same, as to their Judgements shall seem meet, confid. r Decay, ing the Circumstances of the Commodities, and the Time of their lying by, in Consideration of all Damages, Want of Weight, Diminution, or Prejudice whatsoever, that may happen to the said Commodities:

Provided such Allowance exceed not eight Pounds percent, in the whole, for all Causes whatsoever.

X. And whereas it is provided. That this Duty be collected on the Retailer, Consumptioner, or Shop keeper trading in the said Commodities, importing the same, or on the First Buyer, not exporting the same,

' as is before declared; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Merchant or others importing the same (who shall be admitted to receive Possession of his Goods on Security, as afore If no Sals nor said) shall not clear his or their Import Account, either by Sales or Exportation as aforesaid, within Exponanon the Term of eighteen Months, from the Time of the Importation of the said Goods; he or they the month? said Importer or Importers shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this Action the Commodities afore Duties io be said, and answer and pay the same as if the said Goods had then been sold by Retail, although the said Goods paid, shall Hill remain without any Alteration of Property in his or their Hands; anything in this Act to the Allowance for contrary notwithstanding: always. That in such Case Allowance be made for Waste and Decay dcca.v in the Manner already provided for.

XI. And to the End that all Importers, Merchants and Persons concerned in the Payment of the Duties Commissionsr? aforesaid, may know to whom and where to pay the same, and to make Entry of their Goods, in Manner to be in every as by this Act is intended; it is hereby enacted, That his Majesty maytrom time to time nominate, comport' milfionate, and authorise such Commissioner or Commissioners, Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, as he shall think fit, to manage, collect, and levy the said Duties in every Port of the Kingdom; which said Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officer or Officers so appointed, shall duly attend at the customhouse, or other Place publicly appointed in the Port or Place to which he or they shall be respectively appointed, at the usual Hours and Times in which the Officers of the Customs do or ought to attend, and there shall do and execute whatsoever ought to be done and executed on his or their Parts, pursuant to the Trust reposed in him or them, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Merchant or Merchants, or any Doable Duties other Person or Persons whatsoever, entering any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes from beyond the Seas, l'pm Entry that are liable to the Duties imposed by this Act, shall enter his or their Commodities in any other than the

Name of the true Importer of the said Commodities; nor shall make use of any Name of any Person whats ever to colour his or their Goods, whether it be with or without the Consent of such Person; Pain of Forfeiture of Double Duties on such Goods so found or discovered to be entered or coloured contrary to the true Meaning hereof. And for the better levying and collecting all and every of the said Duties imposed by this Act, and preventing the many Frauds and Deceits which may be had and used by evil disposed Persons, and undue Practises to elude this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no c.aom to it goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, liable to the Duties by this Act imposed, shall from and after the n' said four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and^!nj, "'tltlt five, during the Continuance of this Act, be discharged or laid on Land out of: any Ship, Bottom, Hoy, Customi.

Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel whatsoever, or put off from any Wharf, Key, or, Place, or Land, into any "Ship, Bottom Hoy, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel whatsoever, but only in such Manner,

and.

Penalties in thufi: Acts in Force acre.

Convni 0 loners clave like Power as there.

Penalties How recoverable.

One Moiety to the King, the other to fhc profecicor.

Osier only shall prosecute.

Outers hall lvvear to execute.

B: ft: rvlant to prove Doty j>aid, upon Trial.

Fartbx' provi/rons C 46. 5 Geo. 1.

The Advantage of i3 Car. 2. C 5. of Coinage.

25 Car. 2. C 8.

The Impfts in the said act given to the King.

The Act revived for seven Years. Continued by

C 5, 7. Anno primo Jacob 1 II A.D. 1685.

and at such Times and Places and no otherwise, than the said Goods and Merchandizes may or ought to be unshipped, unladen, or put into any Ship or other Veiled to be laid on Shore or Laden, put off froui Land into any Ship, or other Vessel, by Virtue of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Laws and Statutes made and enacted for the Payment of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and for collecting and levying the said Duties, and for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs; all the Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures mentioned in the aforesaid Acts against Mailers of Ships, Wharfingers, Seamen, and Boatmen, Carmen and Porters, ill all be to all Intents and Purposes in full Force, touching and concerning any of the Goods and Merchandizes mentioned in this Act, and the Duties imposed thereupon (as well in relation to their Landing at their Importation, as at the Loading of the same at Exportation, as also for their carrying at any Time Coastwise from one Port to another) as if the same were herein particularly and at large recited; and the Commissioner or Commissioners, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers appointed as aforesaid, for the collecting of this Duty, are hereby empowered, for the better collecting the Duties hereby imposed, and therein avoiding all Frauds and undue Practises, with all the Powers and Authorities, the Commissioners, Collectors, or Officers of the customhouse have or may have, by Virtue of the aforementioned Laws in relation to the Management of the Customs. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by Virtue of this Act, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, orina iy of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: And that one Moiety of all Penalties and Forfeitures herein mentioned shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same; wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or anymore than one Imparlance: Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall sue for the aforesaid Penalties or Forfeit. Imres, but such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by his Majesty, or by any Authority derived from him, for the Management of his Customs, or the Duties imposed by this Act. And be it hereby also enacted, That all Officers, Deputies, Clerks, or Servants, which shall have any Office or Employment in the managing, collecting, or attending upon the Collection of this Duty, shall, before their entering upon their respective Offices, Trusts, or Employments, take their respective Corporal Oaths for the due find faithful Execution and Discharge, to the best of their Knowledge and Power, of the several Trusts and Employments committed to their Charge, before the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Customs of this Duty, or before the Customer or Comptroller in any out port of the Kingdom: And if any Commodity seized for any offence committed against this Act, mail be claimed by any Person whatsoever, or any Personal Information shall be brought or commenced against any Person for the recovering of the Duties or Forfeitures granted by this Act, the Onus probandi, or the Proof whether the Duties thereof be paid or secureil, shall lie upon the Claimer or Defendant, and shall not be incumbent on his Majesty, or any Prosecutor or Informer on Behalf of his Majesty or himself: Provided such Seizure or Information be made or brought by Officers or Persons employed in his Majesty's Customs, or the Duties arising by virtue of this Act.

concerning Tobacco, 7 £? 8 TV, 3. C 10. 10 S' 11 W. 3. e, 21. 2 Ann. C 9. 6 Ann. c. 22. S Ann C 13. 12 Ann, stat. 2. C S, 1 Geo. I. Jiat. 2. C II §. 19., 6 Geo. 1. c. 2i, 9 Geo. 1. c. 2l. iz Geo. 1. C 28. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 24 Geo. 2. c. 41. and 26 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by an Imprfition on all French Linens, and all Eaf india Linen, and several other Manufactures of India, and on all French wrought Silks, and Stuffs, and on all other wrought Silks, and on all Brandies, imported after the first Day of July one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and before the first Day of July one thousand six hundred and ninety, for the King's extraordinary Occasions. Exp.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the repealing certain Clauses in an Act of Parliament made in the nine and twentieth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for prohibiting French Commodities. Exp. The Prohibition brine temporary.

CAP. VII.

An act for reviving and continuing two former acts for Encouragement of Coinage.

WHEREAS great Benefit and Advantage hath accrued to this Kingdom by one Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, of defied Memory, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of Coinage, and continued by another Act of Parliament passed in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King; both which' said Acts are since determined and expired, so that unless the said Acts be revived and continued, the Encouragement given thereby will cease, and this Kingdom he deprived for the future of so great a Good a; it hath thereby for these Years last pad enjoyed: 'We therefore your majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects, do give and grant unto your Majesty, the Rat s, Duties, and Enpositions mentioned in the said Act of Parliament made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of Coinage; and do humbly pray that it may be enacted

II. And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts of Parliament, and every the Clauses, Articles, and Sentences therein contained, shall be, and are by Virtue of this Act revived and continued, and shall be in Force for 2'the

Anno pirimo Jacobi II

C 8 — 13. 409

the Space of fevca Years, to commence from the first Day of August one thousand six hundred eighty-five, '9 a and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer.

relating bento> 4 & 5 W. & M. C 24. 12 IV 3. C II 4 Ann. C 22. 7 Ann. C 24. I Geo. i.fiat. z. C 43.9 Geo. I, C 19. 12 Geo. Z. C 5. 19 <7f0. 2. C 14. 27 2, C 12«

CAP. VIII.

An Act against the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and other Ammunition, and Utentfls of War.

WHEREAS to the great Prejudice of this Kingdom, and the Discouragement and Impoverishment of the gun smiths and other Artificers, great Quantities of Arms and Ammunition have of late Years been imported, to the endangering the Peace and Quiet of this Kingdom

II. For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice None fra! im

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, port gun and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not, at any Time from and after the tenth Day of July powder, see. one thousand six hundred eighty and five, be lawful to or for any Person or Persons whatsoever, without^gc "tl, L "' Licence from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to import or bring into this Kingdom Of England, Do '

minion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by way of Merchandise, any Gunpowder, Arms,

Ammunition, or Utensils of War, upon Pain and Forfeiture of all and every such Goods so imported, as

aforesaid, to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the Person or Persons, who shall so import or bring in the same, or in whose Custody any such Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition, or Utensils of War, upon Forfeit shall be found, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Goods so imported, "reof gao<i8 one Moiety thereof unto his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such ni

Person or Persons, who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of Value one his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be Moiety to the allowed. King, the other

III. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall byt0 ihel rofcmtor. Colour of this at, or otherwise, obtain from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, any Letters Patent, Obtaining a Licence, or Grant, for the sole making or importing any Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition, or other Uten ml°0rr; m. fils of War, and shall put the same in Execution, or by Colour thereof molest or hinder any Person or porting Gun persons, who lawfully make any the Things before mentioned in this Kingdom, or shall obtain any Letters powder, C Patents, Licence, or Grant, for the importing of Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition, or other Utensils of

War, by way of Merchandise, to make Profit thereof, other than for the immediate furnishing of the public Stores of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors; that then the Person and Persons so offending, to 'ncurapra: shall incur and sustain the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained and provided in the Statute of Provi Of

fion and Praniunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, and be disabled fict, and the to hold any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and all and every such Grant made Letters, Licence, Patent, and Grant, and every of them, for the sole making and importing the said Com void' modifies, shall be void to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had never been had or made; any Clause of Non objlante, or other Provision or Covenant to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Farther Prtmijuns

relating hereto, 5 Geo. 1. c. 26. IJ Geo. J. C 23. 4 Geo. 2. c. 29. 15 Geo. 2. c. 32. 22 Geo. 2. c. 38. and 29 Geo. Z. C 16.

CAP. IX.

An act to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments,

EXP.

Parcel of his Highnesses Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

CAP. X

An Act for the providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals. exp.

CAP. XI.

An Act sot reviving an Act for providing of Carriages by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's $ X P.

Navy and Ordnance. Exp. 13 & 14 Car. .2.

CAP. XII.

An Act for consolidating the Estates Tail and Reversion in Fee, which his Majesty hath in the Post Office, and twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum of the Hereditary Excise.

EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for reviving A former Act for exporting of Leather.

bess, IC. 23.

continued for .7 Years by t W. & Ms fe X p,

'- 20 Car. i

Ill;

C A

io C 14 — 1 7.

A.D. 1685. Anno primo Jacobi IT.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for Continuance of three former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the

Northern Borders of England.

13 & 14cai. 2. ' WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of our late js cir, 2. C 3.* Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England: And whereas also another Act was made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of the said King, intituled, An Act to continue a former Act to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the northern Borders of England; both which Acts were continued by another Act made in the twenty-ninth 29^7 30 Car. 2. C an[j thirtieth Years of the Reign of the said late King, intituled, An Act for Continuance of two farmer

Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, for and during the Space

and Time of seven Years, and also from thence until the End of the first Session of this present Parliament; which Laws have been found very necessary for the Preservation of those Places from that great Number of lewd, disorderly, and lawlefy Persons that usually infefted and frequented in those Parts

Revived for II Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con

eseven Years, sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Contpued by Authority of the same, That the said. three former Acts, and all and every of them, and every Matter, 17 Geo. 2. C. 4Q. anj Clauses therein contained, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given, shall be,

continue, and remain in full Force from henceforth, for and during the Space and Term of eleven Years: And also from thence unto the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Act for rebuilding, finishing, and adorning of the Cathedral Church of St. paul's, London.

EXP. 4 WHEREAS by a late Act of Parliament a small Part of the Imposition upon Coals imported in

The Powers of 4 y y or near the City of London was given towards the rebuilding the Cathedral Church of Saint paul's,

this Act are wholly ruined by the dreadful Fire of London, which (and all other Supplies) carefully expended, have continued made some considerable Advance in the said Work, but so far ftiort of finishing a Fabric of so large Di

15 May 1716. 4 mentions, that without further Encouragement by a Supply from the Public, the said Work in a little by 1 Ann, Time must be left imperfect and useless, and consequently all the said former Expense totally lost, to Hat. 2. g. i2. ' the Dishonour of our establish'd Religion, and to the Reproach of the said City: And whereas by the said late Act the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of London, and the Lord Mayor of London, for the Time being, or any Two of them, were empowered to employ and dispose Part of the Eighteen Pence sold Imposition upon Coals towards the building the said Cathedral of Saint paul's, &c.' per Chalder or Tonne laid upon Coals. To be paid to the Archbishop of Canterbury, C before Bulk be broken, to be applied to build St. Paps, 22 Car. 2. C 11. Archbishop, C may approptiate any Part under a Fifth to the finishing the other Churches. Coals delivered to Chelsea College exempted.

CAP. XVI.

P S, An Act for clearing, preserving, maintaining, and repairing the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth. Explained

by 1 W. & M. Sell'. 1. cap. 11. Power given to the Mayor, C to lay 12d. a Chalder irpon Coals and other Commodities for the Repair of the Harbour. Mayor, C to nominate Collectors. col leftors to pay the Money to the Chamberlain. To be Eight Commissioners. The Commissioners or

any Five may take the Accounts and dispose of the Money. Collectors may search Ships, and upon

nonpayment may by Warrant from the Mayor distrain Ships. Upon ten Days Neglect may sell the Ship. Overplus to be restored. Fish, Oils, and Maintenance feu the Seamen excepted.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for Reviving and Continuance of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned.

tiere AS, many good and wholesome Laws were made in the Reign of Your majesty's Royal 14 Brother King Charles the Second, of blessed Memory, as probationary Laws, which by Expe rience have been found very useful and beneficial both for the Service of the Crown, and Good of the Subjects of this your majesty's Realm; which said Acts being made temporary, are most of them ex pired, and others near expiring y your Commons in this present parliament assembled, taking the same into their serious Consideration, do most humbly beseech your Majesty. it may be enacted:

& 14 Car. 2.

II. And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent C 72. revived of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled by the for seven Years, Authority of the same, That one Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of Conwat ion.' C^late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom (except Made perpetual what relates unto the Corporation therein mentioned and constituted thereby) shall be in Force from the r.z Ann, Hat. first Day of this present Session of Parliament, and so to continue for the Space of seven Years, and from i. C j8. thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

4 III

Anno primo Jacobi IT.

C 17. 411

III. And forasmuch as such poor Persons at their first Coming to a Parish do commonly conceal them" Settlement to felvesbe it therefore hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the forty Day Continuance of such Person in a Parish, intended by the said Act to make a Settlement, shall be ac i^w. itin' counted from the Time of his or her Delivery of Notice in Writing (which they are hereby required to do) of the House of his or her Abode, and the Number of his or her Family, if he or she have any, to One of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to which they shall so remove.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act made in the said thirteenth^siic*'

and fourteenth Years of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing the unnecessary Charge; COF Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accounts, shall be in Force, and is hereby made perpetual. perpetual.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act made in the seventeenth Year of >7 Car. - C his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays: And also one other f "voldl"s Act made in the two and twen ieth and three and twentieth Years of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, j ^s'a£.r_ 2 An Act for the better settling Intejiates Estates (which said latter Act is explained by a Clause in one other Act C 10. of diilri made in the nine and twentieth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Prevention s/'bution made Frauds and Perjuries) both which said Acts, with the said Clause, are continued by one other Act made in pypjuual.

the thirtieth A ear of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for reviving both the said farmer acts.ffjfffff All which said Acts and Clauses shall be in Force, and is hereby made perpetual. Car 2." C \.

*25. of 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 10. of Distri buttons, made perpetual. 30 Car. 2. flat. 1. C 6.

8.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Administrator shall, from the four and Thf two. so, rmit and twentieth Day of July next, be cited to any the Courts in the said last Act mentioned, to render an mi^perpetua" Account of the Personal Estate of his Intestate (otherwise than by an Inventory or Inventories thereof) Administrator unless it he at the Instance or Prosecution of some Person or Persons in Behalf of a Minor, or having a compellable to Demand out of such Personal Estate as a Creditor or next of Kin, nor be compellable to account before account only to any the Ordinaries or Judges by the said last Act impowered and appointed to take the same, otherwise than ins inte"

as is aforesaid; any Thing in the said last atsis contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and it is further enacted by' the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Death of a Brother and

Father, any of his Children shall die intestate without Wife or Children, in the lifetime of the Mother, ftjre

every Brother and Sister, and the Representatives of them, shall have an equal Share with her; anything the

in the last mentioned Acts to the contrary notwithstanding. V r'

VIII. Provided, 'and it is hereby, for the determining some Doubts arising upon the Acts aforementioned, clfoms of

for the better settling Intestates Estates and declared, That the Clause therein, by which it is pro londcb and vided, That that Act, or anything therein contained, should not any ways prejudice or hinder the Province of Customs observed within the City of London, and Province of York, was never intended, nor shall be taken York in Acts or construed to extend, to such Part of any intestate's Estate, as any Administrator, by virtue only of being of D ftr; bu, 'cn5' Administrator, by Pretence or Reason of any Custom, may claim to have, to exempt the same from Distri teseftates bution, but that such Part in the Hands of such Administrator shall be subject to Distribution as in other claimej by an Cases within the said Act. Administrator

quatenug Administrator.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act made in the nineteenth J; if'lz'

Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation, Exchequer shall be in Force from the first Day of this present Session of Parliament, and so to continue for the Space Orders, conti of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament. need for even

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act made in the two and twen Years

tieth and three and twentieth Years of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in 22 &25 C ar 2 _ the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield and e/fewhere, shall be in Force from the four and twentieth Siic I

Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and so to continue for seven Years, and from thence to smith/idd the End of the next Session of Parliament: Provided that the said Actor anything therein contained, continued for shall not extend to Salesmen or Factors employed by Farmers or Feeders. \ A seven Years.

Sec 4 & 5 W. Sc M. C 24. 11 & 12w. 3. C 13. 5 Anna?, C 34* 7 Anna?, C 6. factors excepted.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act made in the two and zz a 33 Car. z, twentieth and three and twentieth Years of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better and C 22- For bet more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty, shall be in Force from the first Day of this present Session of Parliament, and so to continue for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the f"tafsn revved End of the next Session of Parliament.'for seven Years.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act of the two and twen. g c.ir. 2.

tieth and three and twentieth of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to revive an Act, intituled, Anc. 23. To pre act to prevent the Disiurbance of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's uavyv nk Disturbance Royal, with some Alterations and Additions, shall be in Force from the first Day of this present Session bf°^a'^e'j., vre- Parliament, and so to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next years.or even Parliament. '

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act of the two and twentieth 22 & 2.3 Car. 2.

and three and twentieth of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in Qc 26. Tobacco, England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade, shall be in Force from the first Day of this present Session or con

af Parliament, and so to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Section of Par

iament.

3 G 2

XIV

30 Cat. 2. flat.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act made in the thirtieth 1. C Executor Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An alto enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors liven"year's fr an Administrators of the Executors in their own Wrong, hall be in Force from the first Day of this present even ears. gefljon of parliament, and so to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

'3 & '4 cur.i.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one other Act made in the birteenth ttt^l'vcv\w!anci fourteenth Years of his said late Maj city's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in printing Seditious, Treafovable, and Unlicenced Books and Pamphlets, and for regulating of Printing and Printing prejtes, and every Clause, Article, and Thing therein contained, be revived, and' continue in Force front' the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of burr Lord one thousand six hundred, eighty-five, for dar Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

Foreign built Ship to pay 5s. per Tonne.

Disposal of the Mo icy.

Foreign Ships already in Eng. h/h Hands is. per Tonne.

the.dutiesto be recovered, a provided by, 12 Car. 2. C 4*

The Duties not to be farmed.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to encourage the Building of Ships in England.

since the laying a Duty upon Coals brought

WHEREAS for some Years past, and more efpec

' into the River of Thames, there hath been observed a more than ordinary Decay in building Ships in England, and particularly in Newcastle, Hull, Yarmouth, Ipswich, Alboraugh, Dunwich, Walderswick, ' Woodbridge, and Hanvich, where many flout Ships were yearly built for the Coal and other Trade, which were of great Use to his Majesty In Time of War, and a Nursery for able seamen; but by the Discou ragement that, Trade hath ever since lain under, occasioned chiefly by the Freedom which foreign Ships and Vessels, bought and brought into this Kingdom, have enjoyed in the Coal and other Inland Trade, ' equal to that of English built Ships, the Merchants, Owners, and others, have not been able to build as formerly, which hath caused many of our English Shipwrights, Calkers, and Seamen, to seek their Im ' ployments abroad, whereby the Building Trade is not only wholly lost in several of the aforementioned

Places, and in others very much decayed, but also the Importation of Timber, Plank, Hemp, Pitch, ' Tar, Iron, Masts, Canvas, and other Commodities used in building and fitting out Ships, are greatly'

lessened, to the apparent Prejudice of his Majesty's Customs, the Loss of a considerable Employment for Shipping, and consequently of all other Trades depending thereupon', to the too great Advantage of foreign Nations

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all foreign built Ships and Vessels, which shall from henceforth be bought and brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and be employed in carrying or transporting any Goods or Merchandise from Port to Port, as aforesaid, for every Voyage shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Port of Delivery of the respective Lading (before the Delivery thereof) over and above all Duties now paid, or that hall hereafter be payable by English built Ships, the Sum of five Shillings per Tonne, to be collected and received by such Person or Persons as his Majesty hall appoint in that Behalf; one Moiety whereof to be for the use of the Chest at Chatham, the other Moiety to the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford strond, for and towards the Relief of wounded and decayed Seamen, their Widows and Children.

III. And whereas there are now in England, belonging, or pretending to belong to English Owners, ' many Foreign built Ships and Vessels which do transport Coals and other Goods from port to Port in England, as aforesaid, paying no more Duty than English Ships pay; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such foreign Ships (which are not free) for every Voyage shall pay, after the Feast of St. Michael, in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and nine, at the Rate of, twelve Pence per Tonne over and above all Duties now paid, or that hall hereafter be payable by English built Ships, to be disposed of unto the Chest of Chatham, and the Trinity House of Deptford strond, by Moieties as aforesaid, and for the Uses before mentioned; which said last mentioned Duty of twelve Pence Tonne also shall be col left ed and received in Manner aforesaid, at their respective Ports of Delivery of their respective Lading, before the Delivery thereof;

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty shall have the same Remedy

for receiving and recovering of the Duties abovementioned, as are provided in a, certain. Act of Parliament made in the twelfth. Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported: '

V. Provided always, That the said Duties of five Shillings per Tonne, and twelve Pence per, Tonne, or any part thereof, hereby imposed upon such Foreign built ships, 'which have been heretofore or shall hereafter be bought or brought into England, hall not be set to Farm to any person or Persons for any termor Time, i or for any. Rent or certain Payment whatsoever. that the several Persons, who shall be appointed to receive the same, shall.ad'tually receive the said whole Duty payable by every such Ship, and account for the I

same, as by this Act is directed.

*1

CAPA.

D. 1685.

Anno primo Jacobi II

C 19 — 2r. 413

CAP. XIX.

An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage.

' Tj'orasmuch as by an Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, oscar. C 13.

' P ever blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle, it is,

1 amongst other Things, provided and enacted, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of June d'CI ' one thousand six. hundred ani seventy, and from thence forward, certain Rates should be paid for the Ann. iut.i. C

' Custom and Poundage of Foreign Corn and Grain imported into this Kingdom, according to the Prices 13. §. 2.9 Ann.

' of English Corn, at the Times, Havens, and Places, when and where the same should be imported, as byc> f §*

' the said Act particularly appeareth. 3 Gt0 C 7-

II. And inasmuch as no Provision was made by the said Act for ascertaining and determining the said ship. Air,

' Prices, by reason whereof several great Quantities of Foreign Corn and Grain have been imported without paying the respective Duties by the said Act appointed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act

III. Now for supplying the said defect; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and justices upon with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Par 'he Caifts have liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Feast of St, Michael the o°*herj^ the Archangel next, and from thence forward, it shall and may be lawful to and for. all and every the Justices t

of the Peace for the several and respective Counties within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion ofmjne the Prices Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Traced, wherein Foreign Corn or Grain shall or may be hereafter of Corn, imported, and they and every of them are hereby enjoined and required, at their next respective Quarter Sessions after Michaelmas zwaeajler Day yearly, by the Oaths of two or more honest and substantial Persons of the respective Counties, being neither Merchants nor Factors for the importing of Corn, nor any ways concerned nor interested in the Corn so imported, and each of them having a P reehold Estate of twenty,

Pounds per Annum, or a leaf.hold Estate of fifty Pounds per Annum, above all Charges and Reprizes, and being skilful in the Prices of Corn (which Oaths all and every the said Justices are hereby empowered to advmnifter) and by such other Ways and means as to them shall seem fit, to examine and determine the common Market Prices of middling Corn and Grain of the respective Sorts in the said Act mentioned,

as the same shall be commonly bought and sold in the said respective Counties into which any foreign corn, hepri to or Grain shall be imported, and to certify the same, with two such Oaths made as aforesaid in Writing: U Head col annext, unto his Majesty's chief Officer and Collector of the Customs for the Time being, residing in thelcftor; to be said respective.ports or Havens where the said Corn and Grain shall be imported, to be hung up in some hangup in the public Place in the customhouse, to which all Persons may resort for their Information. customhouse.

IV. And'it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Feast of

St. Michael the Archangel next, the Custom and duty of Foreign Corn and Grain imported into any offoreisn Com his Majesty's said Dominions of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, appointed by the said Act to be paid, shall be collected and paid' according to the Prices contained in such respective Certificates thtjuftfics as aforesaid, and not otherwise; anything in this Act, or in any other Law or Statute contained to the Certificate, contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all that by Virtue of thistle same Act is to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter sessions in their several Counties, shall be

done and' performed in like Manner in the City of London, in the Months of October and April yearly, by of London, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of Peace there, and that the Persons making such Oatns shall, be no corn chandler, meal man, Factor, Merchant, or other Person interested in such Corn so to be imported, s further but shall be some substantial housekeepers living in Middlesex or Surrey, qualified as aforesaid. jfl"'"

2 Geo. 2. c. 18. j Geo. 2. c. 12. 11 Geo. 2. c. 22. 24 Geo. 2. c. 56.

Provisions relating hereto, and 26 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XX.

An Act tovenable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Anne within the Liberty of westmnjlerto raise Money F R,

to build a Church to be the Parish Church there.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for repealing a CL ause for dividing of Commons, in an Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Dreining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level.

"it WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his lateijcar.2. c. 17, ' Yy Majesty King Charles the Second, of ever blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for settling the

Dreining the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, there is a Proviso, and it was enacted, That it

should and.mtght be lawful for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs and Suc

1 4 ceftorsy

414 C 2i, 22. Anno primo Jacobi II A.D. 1685.

' ceflors, that were or should be Lords of Manors, or have Right of Common in the Commons and Wastes in the said Level, or within any Town, Parish, or Place, into which the Works or Dreining of any of them did extend, to improve, set out, and iriclofe, divide, and fever such Proportion or Proportions, as

5 to them should or might severally and respectively belong, or be adjudged and allotted unto them in Southeast veralty by certain Commissioners appointed in the said Act, and as they should adjudge and determine, as

6 by the said Clause in the said Act more fully appears: J

II. And whereas, fmce the passing of the said Act, several Lords of Manors, and others who had Right of Common in the said Commons and Wastes, did divide and take their several Shares and Proportions thereof:

III. And whereas such taking and cutting of the said Commons and Wastes into small Pieces, is since found to be very prejudicial to the Owners and Country, being a great Waste of Ground in Division, C which are hard to be kept as Fences between Party and Party, the road ways and Passages through such Commons, as set forth, being very low, and generally in bad Ground, not pafiable, or well to be amend ' ed, whereby such Divisions are of little Value:

IV. And whereas it occasions great Diminution of Stock, and Decay of Houses, many Persons selling.

their Shares of Common from the House it belongs unto, to a great Impoverishment, and Increase of the Poor to prevent any further Inconveniences thereby; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty and with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause in the said Act for such dividing and enclosing, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes: that no more Divisions or Enclosures shall be hereafter made of the said Wastes and Commons therein mentioned, pursuant to the said Act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is further enacted, That all Enclosures already made and certified into the petty bag Office, pursuant to the said Act, shall be held and enjoyed by the Owners thereof, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

VI. And whereas several Persons and Townships, finding the Inconveniences of dividing and cutting

aforesaid, did come unto Agreements, and bound themselves not to divide, but to feed and order the said Commons and Wastes by way of an equal Stint of Cattle in a like Proportion, to their great Advantage and Improvement; and those Agreements have been confirmed by the Decrees of his Majesty's High

Court of Chancery: '

VII. Be it therefore enacted, That all such Agreements, so made and confirmed by the Decrees as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby ratified, and binding to all such Person or Persons, who were Parties consenting to the same, and all claiming by, from, or under them, or any of them, and according as in the said Decrees are expressed and contained.

VIII. And whereas diverse Persons, having had Decrees and Adjudications for Enclosures and Allotments

within the said Level already made by Commissioners in the said Act; appointed, pursuant to the same Act,

' have neglected to get the said Decrees and Adjudications to be signed, sealed, and certified into the petty bagoffice, as by the said Act is directed It is now further provided and enacted, That so many of the said Decrees and Adjudications already made and imperfect as aforesaid, which shall be made perfect by being signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, and certified into the petty bag Office, in such Manner as by the said Act is appointed, before the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty six, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been so perfected at the Time of making this Act, and all Enclosures and Allotments by virtue thereof, shall be enjoyed by the respective Persons interested, as if this Act: had never been made.

And all such of the said Decrees, which shall not be perfected by the said Time in Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be utterly void and null to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and all Enclosures by virtue thereof shall be thrown open, as if such Decrees or Adjudications had never been made; anything in this Act, or in any Law, Statute, or Usage contained to the contrary notwithstanding'.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for crefting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster.

S E S S I O

Here ends the Reign of King James the Second.

A.D. 1688.

SESSIO PRIM A.

415

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI & mariie primo.

STATUTES made in the Parliament begun at Westminster the Thirteenth Day

of February, in the First Year of their Majesties Reign. former Editions'

CAP. I.

An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling

and sitting of this present Parliament.

V

FOR ureventing all Doubts and Scruples which may in any wise arise concerning the Meeting, Sitting, and Proceeding of this present Parliament; be it declared and enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, now assembled, and by Authority of the same: > 1

II. That the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, convened at Westminster, the two and The Convention twentieth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty eight, and there, fitting declared a i'at on the thirteenth Day of February following, are the two Houses of Parliament, and soshall be, and areliament' hereby declared, enabled, and adjudged to be, to all Intents, constructior.s, and Purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding any Want of Writ or Writs of Summons, or any other Defeat of Form or Default whatsoever, as if they had been summoned according to the usual Form: And that this present Act, and all other Acts, to which the royal Assent shall at any Time be given before the next Prorogation after the said thirteenth of February, shall be understood, taken, and adjudged in Law, to begin and commence upon the said thirteenth of February, on which Day their said Majesties, at the Request, and by the Advice of the Lords and Commons, did accept' the Crown and Royal Dignity of King and Queen of England, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in the thirtieth Year of The old Oath King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, J

by djabling of papi/ls from sitting in either House of Parliament, and all other Acts of Parliament, as to so much of the said Act or Acts only, as concerns the taking the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, or either bers, 30 Car. 2. of them, in the said Act or Acts respectively mentioned, by any Member or Members of either House of flat. 2. C 1, Parliament, with relation to their sitting and voting in Parliament, shall be, and are hereby repealed to all Intents and Purposes; thing in the said recited Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted, That the taking the Oaths herein after mentioned, and the making, fub nev °aths scribing, and repeating the Declaration in the said Act of the thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second mentioned, by every Member of either House of this present Parliament, from and after the first Day of f uff 0 March next ensuing, in such Manner as the taking the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the making, subscribing, and repeating the said Declaration in the said last mentioned Act are required, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy had been taken, and the said Declaration had been made, subscribed, and repeated in such Manner, and at such Time, as by the said Act or Acts, or any of them, they are required. And that, in all future Parliaments, the Oaths herein after mentioned, and the Declaration in the said Act, made in the thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second mentioned, shall be taken, made, subscribed, and repeated by every Member of either House of Parliament, within the Time, and in the same Manner and Form, and under the Penalties and Disabilities, as the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the said Declaration, by the said Act of the thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second are limited, ordained, and appointed to be taken, made, subscribed, and repeated, and not at any other Time, or in any other Mannejr, to enable them to sit and vote in Parliament; anything in the said Act or Acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths above ap Thc °aths: i pointed by this Act, to be taken in the Stead and Place of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, shall be in the Words following, and no other.

VI

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and, bear true Allegiance to their Allegiance,

Majesties King William and Queen Mary:

So help me God.

VII

I A.B. do swear, That I do from my Heart abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical. Supremacy, that damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any

Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever. "And Ido declare, That no Foreign Prince, Perfoyi, Prelate, State, or Potentate hath, or ought to have, any Power. Jurisdiction, Superiority, preeminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm:

So help me God."

2

rarliament dissolved as formerly

EXP.

4.16 C 2 — 6. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1688.

VIII. Provided always, and be it declared, That this present Parliament may be dissolved after the usual Manner, as if the same had been summoned and called by Writ.

CAP. II.

An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect

are conspiring against the Government.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for the granting a present Aid to their Majesties.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for reviving of Actions and Process lately depending in the Courts at Westminster, and discontinued by the not holding of Hilary Term, and for supplying other Defects relating to Proceedings at Law.

WHEREAS the Term of St. Hilary, in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eigvty eight, could not be held and kept, for which, if due Provision be not made, great Delay of Justice, and consequently great Expenses to the Suitors in the several Courts usually held at Westminster willenfue: Therefore for the continuing and reviving all Manner of Actions or Pleas lately depending, X and all Manner of Process that were returnable or depending in any of the said Courts, and which were Proclamation discontinued and put without Day by the not holding the said Term, C

upon Fines shall be accounted made. Judgments by Confession to be entered in Easter Term. Ail Offences and Actions, during the Interregnum fuame. Th Year of our Lord to be inserted instead of the King's Reign. Indictments, fife. eoritrafacm Regni. Bonds, fife, rtude to King "Jamc:, in Force. allprcc lt, gzc.ofmichaelmas Term, good. Bail Bonds taken by a Judge before the i ith of December, and Commitments upon them, good. The fime bctwixl the loth ofzk cember and 12th of March not reckoned in Quare Impedit or Statute of Limitations.' 2 Vent. 185, 197. 3 Lev. 283.

Cap. V

IX. P, An Act for punching Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, to continue

till November 1689, and no longer.

CAP. VI.

An Act for establishing the Coronation Oath.

WHEREAS by the Law and ancient Usage of this Realm, the Kings and Queens thereof havt taken a solemn Oath upon the Evangelists at their respective Coronations, to maintain the Statutes, Laws, and Customs of the said Realm, and all the People and Inhabitants thereof, in their Spiri

tual and Civil Rights and Properties: But forasmuch as the Oath itself on such Occasion administered, 1 hath heretofore been framed in doubtful Words and Expressions, with relation to ancient Laws and Constitutions at this Time unknown To the End therefore that one uniform Oath may be in all Times tc come taken by the Kings and Queens of this Realm, and to them respectively administered at the Times o: their and eery of their Coronation: May it please your Majesties that it may be enacted:

An Oath to be

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice anc

taken by the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

King and Queen. and by the Authority of the same, That the Oath herein mentioned, and hereafter exprdfed, shall and mat, be administered to their most Excellent Majesties King William and Queen Mary (whom God long preservej at the Time of their Coronation, in the Presence of all Persons that shall be then and there present at th solemnising thereof, by the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, or either of them, or any, other Bishop of this Realm, whom the King's Majesty shall thereunto appoint, and Who shall be hereby thereunto respectively authorised; which Oath followeth, and shall be administered in this manner; that 1: to say, /

The Archbishop or Bishop flail say.

Coronation III Will you solemnly promise and swear to govern the People of this Kingdom of England, and that Oath. 44 Dominions thereto belonging, according to the Statutes in Parliament agreed on, and the Laws atic

Customs of the same ?"

The King and Queen shall say,

44 I solemnly promise so to do."

Archbishop or Bishop.

14 Will you to your Power cause Law and Justice in Mercy to be executed in all your Judgements?" King and Queen.

UI

will

Archbisho;

A.D. 1688. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae.

C 7, 8.

417

Archbishop or Bishop "

"you to the utmost of your Power maintain the Laws of God, the true Profession of the Gospel "the Protestant Reformed Religion established by Law? And will you preserve unto the Bishops and "Clergy of this Realm, and to the Churches committed to their Charge, all such Rights and Privileges as' "by Law do or shall appertain unto them, or any of them ?"

King and Queen.

"All this I promise to do."

After this, the King and Queen laying his and her Hand upon the Holy Gospels, shall say.,

King and Queen.

"The Things which I have here before promised, I will perform and keep. So help me God."

Then the King and Queen shall kiss the Book.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Oath shall be in like manner administered to every King or Ail Kinfs, tx. Queen, who shall succeed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, at their respective Coronations, by one of ro t: jkc lllc the Archbishops or Bishops of this Realm of England, for the Time being, to be thereunto appointed by'0^1' such King or Queen respectt.vely, and in the Presence of all Persons that shall be attending, assisting, or otherwise present at such their respective Coronations; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shill find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government.

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other

Oaths.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the firllyear of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen 1 Eliz. C r.

Elizabeth, intituled An Aiil to restore to the Grown the ancient Jurisdiction over the estate ecclesiaf tical and Spiritual, and abolishing all Foreign Powers repugnant to thejanie f the Persons therein mentioned were obliged to take an Oath therein mentioned, commonly called the Oath of Supremacy: And whereas 1 by another Statute made in the third Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King James the First

An Act for the better discovering and repreffin % Popish Recusantsanother Oath, commonly called 3 J3C C 4* 'the Oath of Allegiance or Obedience, 'was required to be taken by the Persons therein mentioned

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Con The old Oaths font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by of Allegiance the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Person whatsoever shall be obliged to take the' said abrcsxd*'113'7 Oaths, or either of them, by force or virtue of the said Statutes, or either of them, or any other Statute s "whatsoever, but that the said Statutes, and every other Statute, for so much only as concerns the said Oaths, 1 Hale'sp. c. 62. and the said Oaths themselves, shall be and are hereby repealed, utterly abrogated, and made void.'

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths appointed by this present actt!lt: new Oaths to be taken, and the Declaration likewise appointed by this present Act to be made, repeated, and fub ^o'm'and11 feribed, shall, from and after the first Day of May in the Year one thousand six hundred eighty nine, be howto taken, taken, made, repeated, and subscribed by every such Person and i ersons as were appointed and required by any Act or Acts whatsoever, to take the said abrogated Oaths of Supremacy an Allegiance, or either of them, before such Person or Persons, as hereafter in this Act is expressed; that is to say, all and every Archbishop and Bishop that now is, and all and every Person, of or above the Degree of a Baron of Parliament, in their Majesties High Court of Chancery, or in their Majesties Court of King's Bench, in publick and open Court, between the Hours of nine of the Clock and twelve in the forenoon, before the End of Trinity Term next, or at the General Quarter sessions to be held for that County or Place where he or they shall be, inhabit, or reside, in open Court, between the find Hours of nine and twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, before the first Day of August next j all which ilia.ll he put on Record in the respective Courts. 'j

IV. And all and every other such Person and Persons shall take the said Oaths, and make, repeat and Before «, om r tfubferibe the said Declaration by this present Act required to be taken, made, and subscribed, before such°'ahs; Person or Persons respectively, as by any Act or Acts were authorised or empowered to tender the said Oath

of Allegiance now abrogated and nu e void; which said Person or Persons so respectively authorised to to be niinifter or tender the said Oaths and Declaration, are hereby required to niinifter and tender the same fubicubid. accordingly.

All Persons which shall be in Office hall take the Oaths, C

The Penalty for Neglect.

Persons now m Office neglecting, the Office to be void.

jscclcfiastical Persons now in Benefice, C neglecting, to bsjutpjjidedj C >'

Pei Tonnes who are now Makers of Colleges, C neglecting, how punished.

Persons refusing to rake the Oaths upon Tender, to be committed.

Second re fufaj,

Third Refusal. Penalty for Refusing Declaration.

30 Car. 2, flat, a. C 1,

C 8. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1688.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons (other than such concerning whom other Provision shall be may in this Act, or in any other at of this present Session of Parliament) that shall hereafter be admitted into any Office or Employment Ecclesiastical or Civil, or come into any Capacity, in respect or by reason whereof they should have been obliged by any Statute to take the said abrogated Oaths, or either of them, shall take the Oaths hereby appointed, in such Manner, at such Times, before such Persons, and in such Courts and Places, as they tuould or ought to have taken the said former Oaths, or either of them, in case the same had not been abrogated, as aforesaid. And that every such person, who shall neglect or refuse to take the same, shall incur and be liable to the same Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, and Incapacities, as by any fuci Statute was appointed, for or upon Neglect, or Refusal to take the said former Oaths hereby abrogated, or either of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person now having any Office or Employment, civil or military, shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths hereby appointed to be taken, in such Manner as by this Act is directed, before the first Day of Aitgujl in the Year one thousand six hundred eighty nine, or sooner if required thereunto by any Order from his Majesty in Council, before such Persons as by the said Order shall be appointed to take and receive the same, that in every such Case the said Office and Employment of every Perrbn so neglecting or refining, shall be v'oid, and is hereby adjudged void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Archbishop or Bishop, or any other Person now having any Ecclesiastical Dignity, Benefice, or Promotion, shall neglect or refuse to take the Oaths by this Act appointed to be taken, in such Manner as by this Act is directed, before the first Day - oi angufi in the Year one thousand six hundred eighty nine, every such Person and Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall be, and is, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be, suspended from the Execution of his or, their Office by the Space of six Months, to, be accounted from the said first Day of August: And if. the said Person or Persons (so having neglected or refuted) shall not within the said Space of six Months take the fais Oaths in such Maimer, Court, or Place, as they ought to have taken the same, before the said first Day of August \ then he or they shall be ij fofadio deprived, and is, and are hereby adjudged to be deprived of his and their Offices, Benefices, Dignities, and Promotions Ecclesiastical.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any p erson or Persons now being Matter, Governor, Head, or Fellow of any College or Hall, in either of the twp u.uiverfities, or of any other College, or Master of any Hospital or School, or Profeiior of Divinity, 'Law, Physic, or other Science in either of the said Universities, or in the City of London, shall neglect or refuse to take the Oaths by this Act appointed to be taken, in such Manner, and before such Persons as by this Act is directed, before the first Day of August in the Year one thousand six hundred eighty nine; every such Person and Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be, suspended from the Execution of his or their Office and Employment, and from his or their Mallership, Government, Fellowship, and Pofefforship respectively, for the Space of six Months, to be accounted from the said first Day of August: And if the said Person or Persons (so having neglected or refused) shall not within the said Space of six Months take the said Oaths in such Court or Place, and before such Persons, and in such Manner, as they ought to have taken the same before the said first Day of August, that in every such Case the said Office and Employment, Mastership, Government, Fellowship, and Professorship of every Person so neglecting or refusing, shall be void, and is hereby adjudged void.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any such other Person or Persons (other than the Persons specially abovementioned) shall refuse to take the said Oaths, or either of them, when tendred to him or them by any Persons lawfully authorised, as is aforesaid, to administer or tender the same; the Person or Persons so tendring the said Oaths, or either of them, shall commit the said Person and Persons so refusing to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, unless such Offender shall pay down to the said Person or Persons so tendring the said Oaths, or either of them, such Sum of Money, not exceeding forty Shillings, as the said Person or Persons so tendring the said Oaths, or either of them, shall require such Offender to pay for his or her said Refusal; Money shall be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offender did last inhabit: And if at the End of three Months after such Refusal, the Person and Persons so refusing shall again refuse to take the said Oaths, or either of them, when lawfully tendered to him or them, as is aforesaid; the said Person or Persons so tendring the said Oaths, or either of them, shall commit the said Person and Persons so refusing to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of six Months, unless every such Offender shall pay down to the Person or Persons so tendring the said Oaths, or either of them, such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor under five Pounds, as the said Person or Persons so tendring the said Oaths, or either of them, shall require such Offender to pay for his or her said second Refusal; the said Money to be disposed in Maimer aforesaid; unless every such Offender shall become bound with two sufficient Sureties, with Condition to be of the good Behaviour, and also to appear at the next Assizes or General Gaol Delivery to be held for the County, Liberty, or Place where such Offender shall then inhabit ol reside; which Assizes or Gaol Delivery the said Oaths shall be again tendred to every such Offender by the Justices of Assizes or Gaol Delivery, in their open Assizes or Gaol Delivery; and if the said Offender shall refuse to take the said Oaths, or either of them, when tendred to him or her by the said Justices ol Assizes or Gaol Delivery, as is aforesaid, then every Person and Persons so refusing, shall be and is and are hereby adjudged incapable of any Office, civil or military, within this Kingdom, and shall likewise be and remain bound to the good Behaviour, until he or they do take the said Oaths. And in case such

A.D. 1688. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. C 8. 419

Person or Persons shall refuse also to make and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in the Statute made in,

the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual prefirv.

1 ing the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, such Person and Persons shall suffer all Pains, Penalties, forfeitures, and Disabilities as a Popish Recusant Convict, and be taken and deemed a Popish Recusant Convict, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every commission officer and l3nd ani Sc Officers, and non commission or warrant officer and Officers, that are already imployed in their Majesties ^ke'he'oadu Service by Sea or Land, shall take the said Oaths, and also make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration 'nd dcc!ar». '* mentioned in the said Statute made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, before tion,

the Lord High Admiral of engl.nd, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or their Deputies, or such other Persons as their Majesty shall authorise or appoint to administer and accept the same reflectively; and that all and every such Person and Persons as shall hereafter be put into any such Employment by Sea or Land, shall, before the Delivery of such Commission or Warrant to such Officer, take the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration before the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, or their Deputies, as aforesaid, or such Personas shall issue such Commission or Warrant, or such others as shall be authorised to administer the same as aforesaid respectively, who are hereby respectively authorised and required to tender, administer, and accept the Penalty, same; and all and every such Officer or Officers, that shall refule to take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, shall be incapable of receiving, taking, holding, or executing such Office or Employment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Oath appointed by the Statute made in the thirteenth and four the Oath and

teenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties Declaration this Kingdom, the Form and Words of which Oath are in the same Statute expressed; also so much of

a Declaration prescribed in another Act made in the same Year, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Pub, & 14 car. i. lick Pl ayers, and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies: And for establishing the Form c. 3 & 4. of making, ordaining, and consecrating Bishops, Priejls, and Deacons, in the Church of England, as is expressed made vo d in these Words, (viz.)

I A.B. declare, That it is not lawful upon any Pretence whatsoever to take Arms against the King;

X and that I do abhor that Traitorous Position of taking Arms by his Authority against his Person, or _.

' against those that are commissioned by him

shall not from henceforth be required or enjoined, nor any Person suffer any Forfeiture, Penalty, or Loss, by the not taking, subscribing, or making the said Oath, or the said recited Part of the said Declaration; the last fore mentioned Statutes, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Oaths that are intended and required to be taken by this Act, are the oaths by this

Oaths in these express Words hereafter following; Aa

A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance, to their Ma

X jesties King William and Queen Mary: '

So help me God, C

A.B. do swear. That I do from my Heart abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical, that ' X damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, map be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever.

' And I do declare, '1 hat no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath or ought to have auy Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, preeminence or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this 1 Realm:

So help me God, &c.'

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all and Angular such Na "es of See persons and Officers aforesaid, that dp or shall, in the Court of Chancery, King's Bench, or Quarter j°ns'vh° tajc5 Sessions, take the Oaths by this Act required or appointed to be taken, shall be in the said respective Courts [nlrcoil ad' s to f of Chancery and King's Bench, and the Quarter sessions, enrolled with the Day and Time of their taking

the same, in Rolls made and kept only for that Intent and Purpose, and for no other. The which Rolls, as

for the Court of Chancery, shall be publicly hung up in the Office of the petty bag; and the Rolls for the King's Bench, in the Crown Office of the said Court; and in some public Place in every Quarter sessions, and there remain, during the whole Term, every Term, and during the whole Time of the said to be viewed Sessions, in every Quarter sessions, for every one to resort to, and look upon without Fee or Reward. withe, ut See and none of the Person or Persons aforesaid shall give or pay, as any Fee or Reward to any Officer or Officers belonging to any of the Courts, as aforesaid, above the Sum of twelve Pence for his or their Entry of fwe ve perc°. his or their taking of the said Oaths by this Act required or appointed to be taken. lor tte 0ati1,

i XIV. And whereas since the eleventh Day of December in the Year cxf our Lord one thousand fix provision for,

' hundred eighty eight, the said abrogated Oaths could not be taken by any Person that was elected or placed Members of in any Office of Magistracy, or Place of Trust relating to or concerning the Government of any City, f

3h2 Corporation the abre'

420

gated Oaths since Dvxemter

last.

J 3 Car. z. flat. 2. C J.

! j

n

Provision for Officers who could not take the ahroeat d Oaths fmcc Michaelmas last,

25 Car. 2*. C 2.

Kintt may allow to 12 of the Nonjurant Clergy sub jsiuncc.

ac. jbr, 784 Gf 786.

Bum, V 2. 31$,

Lord Mayor, C may tender Declaration of 30 Car. 2. to Papists cr so reputed.

Sussex mistaken far EH ex, infra, §. I. C 17.

30 Car. 2. flat. 2. C 1.

Penalty for Refusal.

Justices of Peace Avail certify sul)scribei's and Refufers into the King's Bench, See. Penalty upon Person certified to have refusedj if he take not the Oaths next Term, See,

C 9. Anno primo guglielmi & A.D. 1688.

' Corporation, Borough, Cinque port, 'or their Members, or other Port town, at the Time of his beins admitted and sworn into such Office, Place, or Employment, by reason whereof his said Election, Placing.

' 'and Choice into such Office or Employment, by one.aft, intituled, An Act for the well governing of Corpo rations, is enabled and declared to be void; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatil anytueh Officer shall, before the first Day of Augustin the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ei gli'ty nine, take the Oaths herein men.ioned and required to be taken, before such Person or Persons, whe by' the fakl Act Should have adminillred the said abrogated Oaths, at the Time of his Admission into fuel; Office or Employment, the said Eiedtion and Placing into such Office or Employment shall be taken and adjudged't > be as good and cffefiua!', as if ho had taken the said abrogated Oaths; anything in the said Act. or in any other Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas since the Feast of St. Michael last past, diverse Persons have been admitted into Offices.

' Employments, or Places of Trust, and could not take the said abrogated Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration at such Time, 'and in such Manner, as is directed and appointed by one Act made the five and twentieth of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Dangers that may hopper, ' from Popifl> ii.ecufa.nls be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person shall, before the End of Trinity Term next, in the High Courts of Chancery or King's Bench, or before the full of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty nine, at the Quarter sdlions for that County or Place where he or they shall inhabit or reside, or execute the said Office or Employment, take the Oaths in this Act mentioned and appointed to be taken, and repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, and take the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the Usage of the '. hurch of England', and procure Certificate thereof, in such Manner as in the said Act is required, directed, and appointed, that then such Person shall and is hereby indemnified and discharged from any Penalty or Disability that he miglu or should have incurred by the fi id Act, and shall and is hereby adjudged to have been ard be as good and sufficient an Officer from the Time of his Admission, as if he had taken the said abrogated Oaths, anc performed all other Things required by the said Act; anything to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it be left to the King, tc allow to such of the Clergy as in all refuse the Oaths prescribed by this Act, as lie shall think fit, not exceeding the Number of twelve, an Allowance out of their Ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions foi their Subsistence, not exceeding a third Part, and to continue during his Majesty's Pleasure, and nc longer.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the amoving Papists, and reputed Papists, from the Cities of London and Wefir

minster, and ten Miles Distance from the same.

C '

e II7HER F, AS the great Numbers of Papists resorting to the Cities of London and Westminster are V y, and for a long Time have been found dangerous to the Peace and Safety of this kingdomfoi the better Preservation of the common Safety, and avoiding their mischievous Practises and Designs: '

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the better discovering and amoving all Papists and reputed Papists out of the said Cities, and ten Miles of the same, it shall and may be lawful, and it is hereby required, that the Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, and every Justice of the Peace of the City of London, and for the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Sussex, within their respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Limits, do from Time to Time cause to be arrested and brought before him every Person or Persons, not being a Merchant Foreigner, within the said Cities, or within ten Miles of the same, as are or are reputed to be Papists, and tender unto him the Declaration mentioned in the Statute made in the thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An ylitfor the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either Hoitfe of Parliament: And in case such fierson, upon such Tender, refuse audibly and solemnly to repeat, make, and subscribe the said Declaration, and shall after such p^efufal remain, continue, or be within the said City or Cities, or ten Miles Distance from the same, that in every such Case he or ffie shall forfeit and suffer, as a Popish Recusant Convict by the Laws already established shall or may forfeit or suffer _ _ '

And it is hereby further enacted, That every Justice of Peace shall and do certify all and every sub feription before him by virtue of this Act taken, and likewise the Names of all and every Person refusing to repeat, take, make, or subscribe, as aforesaid, upon Tender, under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, into the Court of King's Bench, the next Term, or else at the next Quarter sessions that shall be of or for the county or Place where such Taking, Subscribing, or Refusal shall happen: And if the said Person, so refusing and certified, shall not, within the next Term or Sessions after such Refusal, appear in the Court of King's Bench or Sessions where such Certificate shall be returned, and in open Court audibly and for lemnly repeat, take, make, and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, and endorse or enter his so doing upon the Certificate so returned, shall be, from the Time of such his Neglect or Refusal, taken, esteemed, and adjudged a Popish Recusant Convict, and as such to forfeit and be proceeded against.

IV

A.D. 1688. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. C 10 — 12. 421

IV. Provided always, That this at shall not extend to such person or Persons as now use any Trade, tri kfmcn, C Mystery, or manual Occupation within the Paid Liberties, of London and westnunfhr, or within ten Miles excited, if those the same; nor to such as within six Months before the thirteenth Day of February one thousand ftxctr'!y hundred eighty eight, had their Dwellings or Places of Abode within the said Cities, or ten Miles conipafs^'g'j^jil of the same, hot having any Dwelling or Place of Abode elsewhere, so as he or they before the first Day

of August one thousand six hundred eighty nine, do certify his or their Names, Additions, and Places of Abode, at the Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said respective Cities, Counties, or Places: And the Clerk of the P ace shall not take or receive above twopence for the Entry of the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of any one Per soil.,

V. Provided, That nothing in this af shall relate to, or have any efteist upon, any Foreigner that is Ambafadors

or shall be a menial Servant to any ambaltador, or public Agent. Servants

VI. Provided, That nothing in this ab shall relate to, or have any effeist upon, any Person being acq^n dovm natural bern Subject of the King of Portugal, who now is, or hereafter shall be, a sworn Servant to then's servants Queen Dowager, nor to any other Servants being natural born Subjects of their Majesties, as her Majesty excepted, the Queen Dowager shall under her Hand and Seal from Time to Time for that Purpose be pleated to nominate, the said Servants so nominated not exceeding the Number of thirty at any one Time, so as none of the said Servants, being natural born Subjects of their Majesties, be a Jesuit, Priest, Monk, or Friar; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. X

An Act for the taking away the Revenue arising by hearth money.

WHEREAS his Majesty, having been informed that the Revenue of hearth money wa grievous to the Pf ople, was pleased by his gracious Message sent to the Commons assembled in Parliament,

' to signify his Pleasure, either to agree to a Regulation of it, or to the taking it wholly away, as should be thought most convenient by the said Commons: And whereas upon mature Deliberation, the said Commons do find, That the said Revenue cannot be so regulated, but that it will occasion many Dif ' ficultics and Questions, and that it is in itself, not only a great Oppression to the poorer Sort, but a ' badge of Slavery upon the whole People, exposing every man's House to be entered into and searched at " Pleasure, by Persons unknown to him

II. We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons, being filled with a most humble and grateful Sense of your Majesty's unparallelled Grace and Favour to your People, not only by re storing their Rights and Liberties, which have been invaded contrary to Law, but in desiring to make them happy and at Ease, by taking away such Burdens as by Law were fixed upon them, by which.

' your Majesty will erect a lasting Monument of your Goodness in every House in the Kingdom; do most humbly beseech your majesty, That the said Revenue of hearth money may be wholly taken away and abolished.

CAP. XI.

An act for the explaining and making effectual a Statute made in the first Year of King James the Second, 1 Jac 2 C, & the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth. The mayor's Power given to the Bailiffs. All Officers may execute the Powers thereby given. Money to be paid to Persons appointed by the Bailiffs, cpr.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corn.

' tt orasmuch as it hath been found by Experience, that the Exportation of Corn and Grain into foreign, Car 2_ C^' X Parts, when the Price thereof is at a low Rate in this Kingdom, hath been a great Advantage, no only to the Owners of Land, but to the Trade of this Kingdom in general II Be it tharefore enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice Persons exporr and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, now assembled in Parliament, inecorn at lucii. and by the Authority of the same, That when Malt or Barley, tvinchrjier Measure, is or shall be ata have

four and twenty Shillings per Quarter, or under; Rye at two and thirty Shillings per Quarter, or under; Ra, es' nf corn. and Wheat at eight and forty Shillings a Quarter, or under; in any Port or Ports of this Kingdom, or Bun, V 249. Dominion of jfales; every Merchant or other Person, who shall put on shipboard in English Shipping, the Master and two thirds of his Mariners at least being their Majesties subjects, any Sorts of the Corn aforesaid, from any such Ports where the Rates shall not then be higher than as aforesaid, with Intent to export the said Corn to Parts beyond the Seas: Every such Merchant or other Person shall bring a Exporter gives cerrificate in Writing under his or their Hands, containing the Quantity and Quality of Corn so shipj>ed>^enifi.cate o(, to the Farmers, Commissioners, collehors, or other Persons appointed, or to be appointed, for the Time being, to collefb the Duties and Rates arising by Customs within any such Port, and upon Proof madesce fartherpro! of any such Certificate by one or more credible Person or Persons upon their Oaths, which Oaths the vifiens relating

ffiidhereto, 2 Geo.

sv cis.

42 2

C 13 — 15. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1688.

said Commissioners or other Persons are hereby authorised and required to administer, and upon Bond given by every such Merchant, or other Person, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds at the least for every hundred Tonnes of Corn so shipped, and so proportionably, that the said Corn (Danger of the Seas excepted) shall be exported into Parts beyond the Seas, and not be again landed in the Kingdom of Eng rewatd p.iij to land. Dominion of 1 Vales, the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed: Every such the Exporter by Merchant so shipping off any of the aforesaid Corn, and giving Certificate and Bond, as aforesaid, shall Ste fanher pro kave an receive from such Farmers, Commissioners, Collectors, or other Persons in any Port respectively, V i; ns as to where the same Corn shall be so shipped, for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, ground or unground, two Malt, by 5 An shillings and sixpence; every Quarter of Rye, ground or unground, three Shillings and Sixpence; na?, 'c. 29. §. for every Quarter of Wheat, ground or unground, five Shillings: Which Sum or Sums every such Com $ '* An missioner, farmer, or other Person, are hereby authorised and required, upon Demand by such Exporter, r*' a' 'c' 'to make present Payment of accordingly, without taking or requiring anything for Custom, or any Fee or Reward for Corn so laden to be exported, or for so much Grain as shall be exported in any Ship where'n any other Goods shall be shipped; Law, Statute, or Usage in any wise to the contrary notwithstand exporters Bond ing: And upon Certificate returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places fu^he^rovided beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known English Merchants upon the Place, that such for byci^r&v'i3 Corn was there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons, that such Corn was taken by Enemies, or

W. 3. C 10.j perished in the Seas, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of such Commissioners, Fanners, Collectors, or other Persons; Proof being made, or Certificate delivered to such Person or Persons respectively, as took Bond, as aforesaid, the said Bond shall be delivered up to such Importer Collectors al or his Order, to be cancelled, without any Fee for the same: And the Moneys by any such Commissioners, refill their' Farmers, Collectors, or other Person, so paid in Obedience to this Act, shall be accepted of in his or their Accounts Accounts, as so much paid to their Majesties, and he and they is and shall be discharged therefore accordingly. See farther 5 An, C 29. z: Gta* %, c. 18. 5 Geo. 2. c. 12. 11 Geo. 2. c. 22. 24 Geo. 2. c. 56. and 26 Geo. a. C 15.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards die reducing of Ireland.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for preventing Doubts and Questions concerning the collecting the public Revenue. E XP.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better securing the Government by disarming Papists and reputed Papists.

Two Tustices of TP O R the better securing of the Government against Papists and reputed Papists: iwemaytemier JL II Re it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and papists, 'C by Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace, who Foi Scotland, shall know or suspect any Person to be a Papist, or shall be informed that any Person is, or is suspected to iee 1 Geo. i. he a Papist, to tender., and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to tender to stich Person so stat. 2. C 20. known or suspected to be a Papist, the Declaration set down and expressed in an Act of Parliament made 30 cir 2. flat n thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effec 2. C j.' tual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in eit er Hoise of Parlia

Penalty upon merit, to be by him made, repeated, and subscribed: Andes such Person so required shall refuse to make, Rctuiers. repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, or shall not make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, or shall refuse or forbear to appear before the said Justices, for the making, repeating, and subscribing the said Declaration, upon Notice to him given or left at his usual Place of Abode, by any Person authorised in that Behalf, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said two Justices, such Person from thenceforth shall be taken to be, and is hereby declared to be, liable and subject to all and every the Penalties, F orfeitures, and Disabilities hereafter in this Act mentioned, justices of Peace m. And be it hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of Peace shall certify the Name, Surname, Sub fen fa ers' an of and u^"ua^ Pl; ice of Abode of every Person, who being required, shall refuse or neglect to make, repeat, and Refufersto the subscribe the said Declaration, or to appear before them for the making, repeating, and subscribing the said Sessiom. Declaration, as also of every Person who shall make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the Shire, Riding, Division, or Liberty, for which they shall be Justices of the Peace, to be there recorded by the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, and kept amongst the Records of the said Sections.

Ref'iferil, ?ll

IV. And for the better securing their Majesties Persons and Government; be it further enacted and de kep no Arms, clared, That no Papist or reputed Papist, so refusing or making Default, as aforesaid, shall or may have Bs;. r. 3. 7s3. or keep in his House, or elsewhere, or in the Poffdlion of any other Person to his Use, or at his dtf b jm. i. 2. 323 pqfjtiort, any Arms, Weapons, Gunpowder, or Ammunition (other than such necessary Weapons, as shall be allowed to him by Order of the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter sessions, for the Defence of his House or Person) and that any two or more Justices of the Peace, from time to time, by Warrant X under

A.D. 1688. Anno primo Guglielmi Sc Marije. C 15. 423

under their Hands and Seals, may authorise and impswer any Person or Persons in the daytime, with the Two Justices of A (Tu la nee of the Constable or his Deputy, or the Tythingman, or Headborough, where the Search shall l't7c' njj lc'2e be (who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting herein) to search for all Anns, Weapons, gunpoy/ der, or Ammunition, which shall be in the House, Custody, or Poli eflion of any such Papist or reputed Papist, and seize the same for the Use of their Majesties, and their succdtors; which said justices of the Peace shall from time to time, at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, Riding, di vifton, or Liberty, where such Seizure shall be made, deliver the said Arms, Weapons, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, in open Court, for the Use aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Papist, or reputed Papist, who shall not, within the Space of ten Days after such Refusal or making Default as aforesaid, discover and deliver, or cause to be delivered,

to some of their Majesties Justices of the Peace, all Arms, Weapons, Gunpowder, or Ammunition what Penalty upon soever, which he shall have in his House or elsewhere, or which shall be in the possession of any Person to Router ftr rot his Use, or at his Disposition, or shall hinder or diiturb any Person or Persons, authorised by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace, to search for and seize the same, that every search for his such Person so offending, contrary to the Statute in this Behalf made, shall be committed to the common Anns.

Gaol of the County or Place where he shall commit such Offence, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, and shall also forfeit and lose the said Arms, and pay treble the Value of them to the Use of their Majesties, and their successors, to be appraised by the Justices of the Peace, at the next General quar.er Sessions to be held for the said County, Riding, or Division, to their Majesties and their successors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall conceal, or be privy, or aiding, or assisting Penalty upon to the concealing, or who knowing thereof, shall not discover or declare to same of their Majesties justices conceake ef of the Peace, tyre Arms, Weapons, Gunpowder, or Ammunition of any Person so lefufing, or making Arins* Default, as aforesaid, or shall hinder or diliurb any Person or Persons, authorised as aforesaidj in searching

for, taking, and seizing the same, shall be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall commit such Offence, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months; and shall also forfeit and lose treble the Value of the said Arms to their Majesties and their Successors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall discover any concealed Arms, Reward to Disc Weapons, Ammunition, or Gunpowder, belonging to any refusing or making Default as aforesaid, so as VT" 101 Re' the same may be seized as aforesaid, for the Use of their Majesties and their successors, the Justices of the fu'"s rrns' Peace, upon Delivery of the same at the General Quarter sessions as aforesaid, shall have Power, and they

are hereby required, as a Reward for such a Discovery, by Order of Sessions, to allow to him or them a Sum of Money, amounting to the full Value of the Arms, Weapons, Ammunition, or Gunpowder so discovered; the said Sum to be assessed by the Judgement of the said Justices at their said Sessions, and to be levied by Diflxefs and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending against this Act, rendering the Overplus which shall arise by such Sale, above the said Sum so allowed, and above the necessary Charges of taking such Distress, to the Owner.

VIII. Provided always, That if any Person, who shall have refused or made Default as aforesaid, Rcfufos fub shall desire to submit and conform, and for that Purpose shall present himself before the justices of Peace, scribing the d« at the General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, Riding, Division, or Liberty, where his Re nalty ^ifeharerf. fufal, or making Default, as aforesaid, shall be certified as aforesaid, and shall there in open Court make, y 1 repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration contained in the said Abl, made in the said thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, and take the several Oaths contained in an Act made in this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing ell Sluejlions and Disputes concerning Supra C i, the ass embling and sitting of this present Parliament; he shall from thenceforth be discharged of and from an Disabilities and Forfeitures, which he might or Should be liable to for the future, by reason of his refusal or Default as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Papist, or reputed Papist, so refusing or making Default as."afore papi<ls Horses

said, at any Time after the fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty Valu

nine, shall or may have or keep, in his own Possession, or in the Possession of any other Person to his orcltl

Use, or at his Disposition, any Horse or Horses, which shall be above the Value of five Pounds, to be sold;

and that any two or more Justices of the Peace, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hands and

Seals, may and shall authorise any Person or Persons, with the Assistance of the Constable or his Deputy, or the Tythingman, or Headborough, when the Search shall be (who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting herein) to search for and seize, for the Use of their Majesties and their successors, all such Horses; which Horses are hereby declared to be forfeited to their Majesties and their successors.

X. And be it further enacted, that if any Person shall conceal, or be aiding or assisting in the concealing Penalty upon any such Horse or Horses belonging to any Papist, or reputed Papist, so refusing or making Default as Concealer of aforesaid, after the said fifteenth Day of May, such Person shall be committed to rrilon by such Warrant Horses, as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize by the Space of three Months, and shall also forfeit and lose to their Majesties and their successors treble the Value of such Horse or Horses; which Value is to be settled as aforesaid.

1

I

424- C 16 — 18. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1688.

CAP. XVI.

An Act that the Simoniacal Promotion of one Person may not prejudice another.

31 cr. C 6,

Simoniacal con xrasi vvhrre it shall not prejudice.

v.n.v. 19. 4j5,

C

2 Haw. P. C 389 396.

Lease made bona fide by Simonift £ood.

WHEREAS it hath often happened, that Persons Simoniack or Simoniacally promoted to Bene, or Ecclesiastical Livings, have enjoyed the Benefit of such Livings many Years, and some times all their life t: me, by reason of the secret Carriage of such Simoniacal Dcaiing; and after the Death of such Simoniack Person, another Person innocent of such Crime, and worthy of such Preferment, ' being presented or promoted by another Patron innocent also of that Simoniacal Contract, have been troubled and removed upon Pretence of Lapse (or otherwise) to the Prejudice of the innocent Patron in Reversion, and of his Clerk, whereby the Guilty go away with Profit of his Crime, and the innocent succeed.'ng Patron and his Clerk are punished, contrary to all Reason and good Conscience

If. For Prevention whereof, be it enacted by the King's and Queen's moult Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the Death of the Person so fimoniacally promoted, the Offence or Contrail of Simony shall, neither by way of Title in Pleading, or in Evidence to a Jury, or otherwise, hereafter be alleged or pleaded, to the Prejudice of any other Patron innocent of Simony, or of his Clerk by him presented or promoted, upon Pretence of Lapse to the Crown, Metropolitan, or otherwise, unless the Person Simoniack or fimoniacally presented, or his Patron, was convicted of such Offence at the common-law, or 1'orne Ecclesiastical Court, in the lifetime of the Person Simoniack or fimoniacally promoted or presented; Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it also provided, enacted, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Lease or Leases, really and bona fide made, or hereafter to be made, by any such Person as aforesaid Simoniack or fimoniacally promoted to any Deanery, Prebend, or Parsonage, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice or Dignity, for good and valuable Consideration, to any Tenant or Person not being privy unto, or having Notice of such Simony, shall be impeache i or avoided for or by reason of such Simony, but shall be good and effectual in Law, the said Simony notwithstanding.

See further la Ann sat, 2. C 12.

CAP. XVII.

An act for rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this present Parliament, For the amoving Pafijls from the Cities of London aiftl Westminster.

Supra

Soflex changed into £lvex.

WHEREAS in an Act, of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the amoving Papists, and Vy reputed Papists, from the Cities London and Westminster, and ten Miles Disiance from the same, ' the County of sujj ex is'by Mistake in the said Act inserted for the County of Essex: '

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act given to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Sussex, be.and are hereby declared and enacted to extend to the County of Essex, and the Justices of Peace of the said County of Essex, and Limits thereof.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of

England, from the Penalties of certain Laws.

FORASMUCH as some Ease to scrupulous Consciences in the Exercise of Religion may be an effectual Means to unite their Majesties Protestant Subjects in Interest and Affection 'the fevera) II Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Con laws not ro ex sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That neither the Statute made in the three and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to retain the queen's Majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience; nor the Statute made in the twenty-ninth Year of the said Queen, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and due Execution of certain Branches of the Statute made in the three and twentieth Tear of the queen's adajjty's Reign, viz. the aforesaid Act; nor that Branch or Clause of a Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of the said Queen, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Common Prayer and Service in the Church, and achr.i nif ration of the Sacraments \ whereby all Persons, having no lawful or reasonable Excuse to be absent, are required to resort to their Parish Church or Chapel, or some usual Place where the Common Prayer shall

tend to Dif centres.

23 liz, C 3 29 Eliz. t. 6

ft

A II

1 Eliz. § >4

I

he used, upon Pain of Punishment by the Censures of the Church, and also upon Pain that every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence twelve Pence; nor the Statute made in the third Year of

3 J1C

3 j.ic.

C 4.

C 5.

the Reign of the late King fames the First, intituled, An Act for the better discovering and repressing Popish Recnfcints j nor that other Statute made in the same Year, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers

which

425

A.D. 1688. Anno primo Guglielmi & Mariae. g. i8.

which may grow by Popifo Recusants; nor any other Law or Statute of this Realm made against Papists or Popish Recusants, except the Statute made in the five and twentieth Year of King Charles, the Second, in exception, tituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; except also the Statute: 5 Cir - C

mentioned in a Statute made this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Supra C i. Qufions and Disputes concerning the afembling and sitting of this present Parliament; and shall make and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in a Statute made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent Papists from sitting in cither House of Parliament, which Oaths and 30 Car. 2. flat. Declaration the Justices of Peace at the General Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County or Place -- C 1. where such Person fit all live, are hereby required to tender and administer to such Persons as shall offer Erjnng decu. themselves to take, make, and subscribe the same, and thereof to keep a Register: And likewise none ofrg^' ".jt0 cre* the Persons aforesaid shall give or pay, as any Fee or Reward, to any Officer or Officers belonging to the vec for Remitter Court aforesaid, above the Sum of Sixpence, nor that more than once, for his or their Entry of his taking and Certifioats. the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration; nor above the further Sum of Sixpence for any Certificate of the same, to be made out and signed by the Officer or Officers of the said Court.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, already Persons con convicted or prosecuted in order to Conviction of Recusancy, by Indictment, Information, Action of Debt, dieted, cor other wise, grounded upon the aforesaid Statutes, or any of them, that shall take the said Oaths mentioned in "k'j's

the said Statute made this present Parliament, and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, in the be discharged.3 Court of Exchequer, or assizes, or General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the County where such Person lives, and to be thence respectively certified into the Exchequer, shall be thenceforth exempted and Bum, V 1.274, discharged from all the Penalties, Seizures, Forfeitures, Judgments, and Executions, incurred by forced of any of the aforesaid Statutes, without any Composition, See, or further Charge whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat all and every Person and Persons that shall, as aforesaid, take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, shall not be liable to any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, mentioned in an Act made in the five and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to retain the Queen's Majesty's Subjects in their due 3; El. C ». Obedience, nor in an Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the12car 2. C intituled, An Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles, nor shall any of the said persons ecclesiastical be prosecuted in any Ecclesiastical Court, for or by reason of their non conforming to the Church of1-'011'1, England.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any assembly of Persons dif private. mt fenting from the Church of England shall be had in any Place for religious Worship with the Doors locked, exclude!, barred, or bolted, during any Time of such meeting together, all and every Person or Persons, that shall

to and be it such Meetin and Penalties of all the aforesai

shall not receive any Benefit from this Law, but be liable to all the Pains Laws recited in this Act, for such their meeting, notwithstanding his taking the Oaths, and his making and subscribing the Declaration aforesaid,

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any of the Persons Tythes saved; aforesaid from paying of Y'ythes or other parochial Duties, or any other Duties to the Church or Minister,

nor from any Prosecution in any Ecclesiastical Court, or elsewhere, for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person dissenting from the Church officers foru of England, as aforesaid, shall hereafter be c'nofen or other wifi: appointed to bear the Office of high con ?c liable, or petit constable, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or any other parochial or Ward Office,

and such Person shall scruple to take upon him any of the said Offices in regard of the Oaths, or any other Matter or Thing required by the Law to be taken or done in respect of such Office, every such Person shall and may execute such Office or Employment by a sufficient Deputy, by him to be provided that shall comply with the Laws on this Behalf. Provided always, the said Deputy be allowed and approved by such Person or Persons, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers respectively should by Law have been allowed and approved.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no person dissenting from the Church ec. fons in or of England in holy Orders, or pretended holy Orders, or pretending to holy Orders, nor any Preacher

(Teacher of any Congregation of Dissenting Protestants, that shall make and subscribe the Declaration afore 'jtc.r T'. 2. said, and take the said Oaths at the General or Quarter' Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, 13 & 14car. 2. Town, Part's, or Division where such Person lives, which Court is hereby empowered to administer the C 4 same, and shall also declare his Approbation of and subscribe the Articles of Religion mentioned in the (Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, except the thirty fourth, 13 Eliz. C rz.' thirty fifth, and thirty sixth, and these Words of the twentieth Article, viz. the church hath Power to decree Rites or Ceremonies, and Authority in Controverses' of Faith', and yet] shall be liable to any of the Pains or Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the fevemeenth Year of the Reign of King charles the Second, intituled, An Act for refraining non conformi/ls front inhabiting in Corporations; nor the Penalties mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the two and twentieth' year of his said late majesty's Reign, for or by reason such Persons preaching at any Meeting for the exercise of Religion; nor to the Penalty of one hundred Pounds mentioned in an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth of King Charles the Second, intituled, 13 14 Car. 2.

i/in' Act for the Uniformity of public: prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies: C 4 t Vol. Ill, 3 I And

17 Car. 2. C 2.

426 C 18.

A.D. 1688.

Taking the Oaths, See, to be registered.

mesting«donr to be unlocked.

Baptists,

Teachers exempt from oisces.

Justice of Peace may tender the Oaths, Scc.

Penalty For tefufing.

Quakers how exempted. Altered as to Quakers by 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. Declaration of b'idejity,

Anno primo Guglielmi & Mariae.

And for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and confecraiing of Bishops, Briefs, and Deacons in the Church of England, for officiating in any Congregation for the Exercise of Religion permitted and allowed by this Act.

IX. Provided always, That the making and subscribing the said Declaration, and the taking the said Oaths, and making the Declaration of Approbation and Subscription to the said Articles, in Manner as aforesaid, by every respective Person or Persons herein before mentioned, at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be then and there entered of Record in the said Court, for which sixpence shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace, and no more: Provided that such Person shall not at any Time preach in any Place, but with the Doors not locked, barred, or bolted, as aforesaid.

X. And whereas some difl enting Proteifants scruple the Baptising of Infants be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person in pretended holy Orders, or pretending to holy Orders, or Preacher, or Teacher, that shall subscribe the aforesaid Articles of Religion, except before excepted, and except Part of the seven and twentieth Article touching Infant Baptism, and shall take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, in Manner aforesaid, every such Person shall enjoy alf the Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, which any other dissenting Minister, as aforesaid, might have or enjoy by Virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Teacher or Preacher in holy Orders, or pretended holy Orders, that is a Minister, Preacher, or Teacher of a Congregation, that shall take the Oaths herein required, and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, and also subscribe such of the aforesaid Articles of the Church england, as are required by this Act in Manner aforesaid, shall be thenceforth exempted from serving upon any Jury, or from being chosen or appointed to bear the Office of Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or any other parochial or Ward Office, or other Office in any hundred of any Shire, City, Town, Parish, Division, or Wapentake.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice of the Peace may at any Time hereafter require any Person, that goes to any Meeting for Exercise of Religion, to make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, and also to take the said Oaths or Declaration of Fidelity herein after mentioned, in case such Person scruples the taking, of an Oath, and upon Refusal thereof, such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to commit such Person to Prison without Bail or Mainprize, and to certify the Name of such Person to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for that County, City, Town, Part, or Division, where such Person then resides; and if such Person so committed shall upon a second Tender at the General or Quarter Sessions refuse to make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, such Person refusing shall be then and there recorded, and he shall be taken thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes for a Popish Recusant Convict, and suffer accordingly, and incur all the Penalties and Forfeitures of all the aforesaid Laws.

XIII. And whereas there are certain other Persons, Difienters from the Church of England, who scruple taking of any Oath be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Person shall make and subscribe the aforesaid Declaration, and also this Declaration of Fidelity following, viz.

I A.B. DO sincerely promise and solemnly declare before God and the World, that I will be true and jl faithful to King William and Queen Mary; and I do solemnly profess and declare, that I do from my Heart abhor, detefl, and renounce, as impious and heretical, that damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other wh rtfever. And I do declare, that no Foreign Prince, Person, ' Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath or ought to have, any Power, Jurisdiction, Superiority, preeminence, or Authority Ecclesiastical or Spiritual within this Realm.'

And shall subscribe a Profession of their Christian Belief in these Words

fiofesion, < Y AB. profess Faith in God the Father, and in Jesus Christ: his Eternal Son, the true God, and in the X Holy Spirit, one God blessed for evermore; and do acknowledge the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be given by Divine Inspiration.'

Which Declarations and Subscription shall be made and entered of Record at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where every such Person shall then reside. And every such Person that shall make and subscribe the two Declarations and profeifion aforesaid, being thereunto required, shall be exempted from all the Pains and Penalties of all and every the aforementioned Statutes made against Popish Recusants, or Protestant Nonconformists, and also from the Penalties of an Act made in the fifth j Eliz. C 1. Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Assurance of the Queen's Royal Power over all Estates and Subjects within her Dominions, for or by reason of such Persons not taking or refusing to take the ©ath mentioned in the said Act; and also from the Penalties, of an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Mischiefs that 13 & 14 Car. a may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, refusing to take lawful Oaths, and enjoy all other the Benefits, 1 1. Privileges, and Advantages under the like Limitations, Provisoes, and Conditions, which any other Dif 1

farth r Prmifeits fer)ters foal] or ought to enjoy by virtue of this Act.

uticanneg ill

itere, 7 s3 8 W. C 34> i Get, i. Jtai. I, C 6., 8 Geo. i. C 6. ia Geo. 2. c. 13. §. S, and 22 Geo. 2. r. 46.

XIV

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall re How pursed fuse to take the said Oaths, when tendered to them, which every Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered aft

to do, such Person shall not be admitted to make and subscribe the two Declarations aforesaid, though re-01, hc UJ1 li' quired thereunto either before any Justice of the Peace, or at the General or Quarter Sessions, before or after any Conviction of Popish Recusancy, as aforesaid, unless such Person can, within thirty-one Days after such Tender of the Declarations to him, produce two sufficient Protestant Witnesses, to testify upon Oath, that they believe him to be a Protestant Diflentcr, or a Certificate under the Hands of four protestants, who are conformable to the Church of England, or have taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration abovementioned, and shall also produce a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of six or more sufficient Men of the Congregation to which, he belongs, owning him for one of them.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until such Certificate, under the Hands of six of his Congregation, as aforesaid, be produced, and two Protestant Witnesses come to attest his being a Protestant Dilienter, or a Certificate under the Hands of four Protestants, as aforesaid, be produced, the Justice of the Peace shall and hereby is required to take a Recognisance with two Sureties in the penal Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied of his Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, to the Use of the King's and Queen's Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for his producing the same; and if he cannot give such Security, to commit him to Prison, there to remain until he has produced such Certificates, or two Witnesses, as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That all the Laws made anct4aw5 for Divine provided for the frequenting of divine Service on the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, shall be still s"rvlcs ln Force, in Force, and executed against all Persons that offend against the said Laws, except such Persons come

to some Congregation or Assembly of Religious Worship, allowed or permitted by this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act, nor Papirts, Sec. e any Clause, Article, or Thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Ease,

Benefit, or Advantage to any Papist or Popish Recusant whatsoever, or any Person that shall deny in his preaching or writing the Doctrine of the Blessed Trinity, as it is declared in the aforesaid Articles of Religion.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, D'slut bers of at any Time or Times after the tenth Day of June, do and shall willingly and of purpose, maliciously or V r

eontemptuously come into any Cathedral or Parish Church, Chapel, or other Congregation permitted by pu nished! this Act, and disquiet or disturb the same, or misuse any Preacher or Teacher, such Person or Persons, See i Geo. i. upon Proof thereof before any Justice of Peace, by two or more sufficient Witnesses, shall find two Sureties itat.a. C 5. p to be bound by Recognisance in the penal Sum of fifty Pounds, and in Default of such Sureties shall be committed to Prison, there to remain till the next General or Quarter Sessions; and upon Conviction of the said Off ence at the said General or Quarter Sessions, shall suffer the Pain and Penalty of twenty Pounds, to the Use of the King's and Queen's Majesties, their Heirs and Successors.

XIX. Provided always, That no Congregation or Assembly for Religious Worship shall be permitted or pice for Wor* allowed by this Act, until the Place of such Meeting shall be certified to the Bishop of the Diocese, or to to ccr*

the Archdeacon of that Archdeaconry, or to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place in which such Meeting shall be held, and registered in the said bishop's or archdeacon's Court respectively, or recorded at the said General or Quarter Sessions; Register or Clerk of the Peace whereof respectively is hereby required to register the same, and to give Certificate thereof to such Personas shall demand the same, for which there shall be no greater Fee ngr Reward taken, than the Sum of sixpence,

CAP. XIX.

An Act for impowering their Majesties to commit, without Bail, such Persons as they shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government.

CAP. XX.

An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of twelve Pence in the Pound for one Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper.

WHEREAS their most Excellent Majesties King William and Queen Mary have thought fit that the Office of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England should be executed by Commissioners appointed for the same under the Great Seal of England: And whereas several Authorities, Jurisdictions, and Powers, are by several Acts of Parliament, and otherwise, veiled, settled,

' and placed in the Lord Chancellor of England, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the.

1

4 2 8 C

21.

Anno primo Guglielmi &c Mariae.

A.D. 1688.

commissioners of the gnat

Seil m ty cxe

cute th? Power of Chancellor.

Their Place.

One Comm if

' Time being now for the preventing of all Doubts and Questions that may arise, whether all or any of those Authorities, Jurisdictions, and Powers may be exercised by such Commissioners:

Be it enacted and declared, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the King's and Queen's moult Excellent Majesties, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That such Commissioners for the time being may use and exercise at all Times according to their Commissions, as of Right belonging to the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of England for the time being, all and every the same and like Offices, Authority, Jurisdiction, and Execution of Laws, and all other Lustoms, Privileges, Emoluments, and Advantages, which the Lord Chancellor of England, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the time being, of Right ought to have, use, or execute, as belonging to their or either of their said Offices, or ot nerwife howsoever, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Lords Commissioners for the time being were Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, and shall have, and take Place next after the Peers of this Realm, and Speaker of the House of Commons, unless any of them shall happen to be a Peer, and then to take Place according to his Peerage.

he, lr

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any one Commissioner (in the

moronsa&c.car Absence of the others) may hear Motions, and give Orders and Directions touching the interlocutory Proceedings in any Cause, so, as such one Commissioner in the Absence of the others shall not make an' Decrees, or put the Great Seal to anything whatsoever, whereunto the whole Broad Seal ought to be' 'affixt, unless there be two Commissioners present.

Custos Rotulo

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the nominating and appointing of the mm haw to be Q, tjjos Rotulorum, throughout all the Shires and Counties of this Realm, is and shall be as is directed by a j Statute made in the thirty seventh Year of Htnry the Eighth, intituled, A Bill for Custos Rotulorum, and the Clerkflnp of the Peace, any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Cujios Rotulorum, or other Person, 'to whom of Right it doth or shall belong to nominate or appoint the Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, div.fion, or other Place, shall, from time to time, where the Office of the Clerk of the Peace now is, or hereafter shall be void, nominate and appoint one able and sufficient Person residing in the said county, Riding, Division, or other Place, for which he is so appointed or to be appointed Clerk of the Peace, to execute the same by himself or his sufficient Deputy, and to take and receive the Fees, Profits, 'and Perquisites thereof, for so long Time only as such Clerk of the Peace shall well demean himself in his said Office.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk of the Peace already nominated or to be nominated, as aforesaid, shall misdemean himself in the Execution of the said Office, and thereupon

thep eacc; "^ 0{ a Complaint and.charge in Writing of such Misdemeanour shall be exhibited against him to the Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter sessions, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or the major Part of them, from time to time, upon Examination and due Proof thereof, openly in their said General Quarter sessions, to suspend or discharge him from the said Office; and that in such Case the Crfos Rotulorum, or other Person, to whom it shall of Right belong to nominate and appoint the Clerk of the Peace for such' County, Riding, Division, or Place, shall nominate and appoint one other able and sufficient Person residing in the said County, Riding, Division, or Place, as aforesaid, to be Clerk of the Peace in the Place of such Person so amoved, as aforesaid; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to make such Nomination and Appointment, before the next General Quarter sessions to be held after the said Refusal, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter sessions for the said County, Riding, Division, or Place, or the major Part of them, to nominate and appoint one able and sufficient Person residing in the said County, Riding, Division, or Place, to be Clerk of the Peace in the Place of such Person so amoved, as aforesaid, to have, hold, and enjoy the said Office of Clerk of the Peace, and to execute the same by himself, or his sufficient Deputy, and to receive the Fees, Profits, and Perquisites thereof.

New Clerk of

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That he shall be liable and subject the Peace liable f0 ah the Penalties, Forfeitures, Conditions, Limitations, and Provisions herein and hereby mentioned and to Penalties, C g^cpressed, and may be amoved or discharged by the said Justices, or the major Part of them, in such Manner and Way as is above specified.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Cujios Rotulorum, or other Person, to whom of Right it doth or shall belong to nominate, elebl, or appoint any Clerk of the Peace, to sell the said Place of Clerk of the Peace, or to take any Bond or other Anurance to receive or have any Reward, Money, See, or Profit, directly or indirectly, to him or any other Person for such nominating, elebting, or appointing, but that every such Ciifios Rotulorum, or other Person that shall so fell the Clerkship of the Peace, and every Clerk of the Peace, who shall so buy his Place, are hereby disabled to hold their Places of Custos Rotulorum, or Clerkship of the Peace, and bu>et and Seller, hall also each of them respectively forfeit double the Sum or Value of other Thing that shall be so given or taken, to be recovered by him or them to their own Use that shall sue for the same, to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall lie.

Clerk of the

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clerk of the Peace, before he

ffie fellowfog enter upon lh£ Execution of his said Office, shall in open Sessions take the Oath following, viz

©tfh.

chosen.

37 Hen, 8. C

Ctejk of the Peace how to be Appointed. Carthcw 426.

Justices of peace may dif

Who shall nominate upon such Vacancy

Custos rotujo jum, C shall take no See.

Penalty upon

2 AB

I A.B. do swear, That I have not, nor will p^y any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward. ' X whatsoever, nor given any Bond or other Assurance to pay any Money, See, or Profit directly or indirectly to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Nomination or Appointment.

'So help me God.'

X Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall any Ways affect or relate to the Clerk Not of the Peace for the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster only; which said Clerk of the Peace holds lancaller his said Office for Lives, by Grants from his late Majesty King Charles the Second, as his Predecessors in the said Place have done, from former Kings and Queens of this Realm, in Right of their Duchy and County Palatine aforesaid. This Act to commence from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred, 'eighty nine.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum.

TTOR the Advancement of Trade and Encouragement of Tillage and Manufacture of this Realm,

JP Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most excellent Majesties - and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth of June in the Year of our Lord one thou ce "ar sand six hundred eighty nine, it shall and may be lawful for any Person in any seaport, or upon any 1.33S, navigable River, to export and ship off as Merchandise, within any of the usual and allowed Ports by Law, '

and at the common Keys for Exportation and Lading on Board of Merchandise, or Keys to be appointed.,

for that Purpose, and within the usual Hours of Excise, for Account of himself or any other (to be exported into foreign Parts) in the Presence of a sworn Gager, or other sworn Officer to be appointed by the Farmers, Commissioners, or sub of of their Majesties Excise, upon Notice thereof to them given at the Office of Excise, within the Limits whereof the said Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Mum, Wa brewed or made, of the respective Port or Place whence the same shall be shipped Sort of Strong Ale,

Strong Beer, Cyder, or Mum, to be spent beyond the Seas, paying Custom for the same after the Rate

of one Shilling for every Tonne, which shall be exported in any English or foreign Vessel, and no more ortbe Custom.

other Duty whatsoever; said Gager or Officer aforesaid shall certify the Quantity of the said Beer,

Ale, Cyder, or Mum shipped off, to the Commissioners and Officers of Excise, where the Entry thereof shall be made, who are hereby required to make Allowance, or repay the Excise of the beer, Ale, cydert*5 repaid, or Mum so exported, unto the Brewer or Maker thereof, within one Month after such Exportation', deducing threepence per Tonne for the Charges of their Officers, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or Master of any Ship Penalty nf on

or Vessel, or other Person, shall cause or fuftr any of the said Liquors so shipped in any Vessel - Mer sre"*

ehandize, to be unshipped, unladen, and laid on Landor put into any other Ship or Vessel, within the a m Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, he or they shall forfeit the same, and fifty rounds of lawful Money of England more for every Cask he or they shall so unduly land,

or put on board any Vessel, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Information,

Bill, or Plaint; the one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of the King's and Queen's most Majesties, the other Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor. And to the Intent their Majes " ties Duties of Excise may not be prejudiced for such Beer, Ale, Cyder, or Mum, as shall be spent oriaie| Shipboard, their Majesties of and Officers of the Customs are hereby required and enjoined" r oar* to charge every Master of any Ship or Vessel in his Victualling Bill with so much Beer, Ale, Cyder, or Mum, and no more, as such Number of Men use to spend in such Voyages; the Excise whereof to be recovered according to the Laws and Rules already established.

and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Rate of one Shilling the fu.ft°m ow. Tonne for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum to be exported, as aforesaid, shall be levied and paid under such tevie '

Rules and Penalties, and for such Time, and in such Manner, as by the Laws of Tonnage and Poundage are ordained.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mum imported from so excise, C see

reign Parts, during the Continuance of this Act, shall have any Part of the Duty of Custom or Excise, foreigri.^iula which was laid at the importation thereof, repaid upon Exportation; any Law, Statute, or Usege tcjeotrepal the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Pmn»

fieri: concerning Ale, &c. n and 12 IV 3. 15. 12 and 13 W. 3. C 11. and 13 IV 3, C 5.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for reviving two former Acts for exporting of Leather

20 Car. 2. C j 1 Jac, 2. C 13. Revived for seven Years, 9 Ann. C 6, §.4,

43° C 24.

Anno primo

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

WE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, taking into serious Consideration the great and urgent Occasions, which do press your Majesties to an extraordinary Expense of Treasure for the Defence of your Kingdoms and Dominions against Invasion, and for preserving to your said Subjects the Intercourse of Trade, for which Purpose your Majesties have found yourselves obliged to equip and set out to Sea a royal Navy, and to make and maintain a War against the French King; and in most thankful Acknowledgement of your Majesties tender Care of the>un V 1 129 wear of your People, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do hereby give and grant to your Majesties, the several additional Rates and Duties of Excifo herein after mentioned: And do

most humbly beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and nine, there shall re throughout your appropriated by Majesties Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, ami Town of Berwick, upon Tweed, raised, levied, session°to the c°ue<fte<j, and paid unto your Majesties and your Successors, during the Space and Term of three Years, Payment of ° from the fur ani twentieth Day of July 'aforesaid, and no longer, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other li-600, 0001. to thequors herein after expressed, by Way of Excise, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and Impo states General, fitions by any former act or acts set and imposed, and in Manner and Form following; that is to say, ni t!j5 For every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, brewed y 2'by the' common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale

publickly or privately, to be paid by the common Brewer, or.by such other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties already payable for the same, nine Pence; for every Barrel of Beer or Ale of six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the said common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively as

Additional Excise upon Ale, C given for Three Years. The Duties

C io. §2. to other Liles.

Beer or Ale above 6s, the Barrel 9c!. a Barrel.

Beer or Ale 6s. t te Barrel, or under, 3d a Barrel. for the same, three Vinegar of En.

Materials

aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duty already payable

for the same, threepence; for every barrel of Vinegar or vinegar beer brewed, or made of any English

ter Ms" Materials by any common Brewer, or any other Person for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof, is. 6d. a Barrel. an^to proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties of Excise already vinegar of so payable for the same, one Shilling sixpence; for every Barrel of Vinegar, or Liquor prepared for vine reign Materials, gar, made here for Sale, of any foreign Materials or any Mixture, with foreign Materials, to be paid by 4s. a Barrel. the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, four Shillings; for every Barrel Mutnimported Leer, Ale, or Mum, imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser 33. a Barrel. Quantity, to be paid by the Importers before landing, over and above the Duties already payable for the Cyder or Perry same, three Shillings; for every Tonne of Cyder or Perry imported from beyond, the Seas, and so propor import.4l.atun. tionbly for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer, before landing, over and above the finsie^r "', yth. Duties already payable for the same, four Pounds; for every Gallon of Angle Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Gallon. "S" 16 mls imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Du double Brandy lies already payable for the same, two Shillings; for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua vita, imported 4s. a above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the rnport evder and Perr er before landing, over and above the Duties already payable for the same, four Shillings; for all Cyder maiYed"is. dy an Pert made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, over and the Hogshead. above the Duties already payable for the same, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure, one Metheglin or Shilling threepence; for all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale, whether by Retail or otherwise, to be Mead 3d. the paid by the Maker, for every Gallon threepence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker of any Low wines shall at any Time after the twentieth Day of July one thousand six hundred eighty nine, after an Account hath been taken by the Gager of the Quantity of his. Low Wines, fell, dispose of, or remove the same, or any Part thereof, without distilling or drawing it off a second Time, every such Distiller or Maker or.lovv Wines, for every Gallon so sold, disposed of, or removed, shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings, to be levied in Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are leviable by any Act relating to the Revenue of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the several Rates and Duties of Excise, hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid unto; their Majesties, and their Successors, during the Time before mentioned, and in the same Manner and; Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are menti t oned, expressed, and directed in and by one ajt of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign j2 c.ir.z. c. 24. of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries,

] and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; And also in and by one other at of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of his said majes

ty's

Gallon,

Distiller.

Excite how cofiedled, '

C 24. 431

ty's Reign, intituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duties of Excise, and pre 1 jcar. 2. C u. venting the Abuses therein, or in either of them, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to the Revenue ol Excise, not otherwise herein and hereby altered and provided against.

V. And for the avoiding all Uncertainty, and all Differences and Disputes, which of late have been between the Gagers and the Brewers, Victuallers, Retailers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise, touching Beer and Ale, and touching the Returns or Charges made or to be made of Beer or 1 Ale, by the Gagers or Officers appointed to take Account and ascertain the same Be it enacted and de wh3t f1'116*, rt dared by the Authority aforesaid, That every four and thirty Gallons of Beer or Ale, whether strong or^" eu small, brewed or made in any Part of England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any the Person "* Persons aforesaid, other than within the Cities of London and Westmnfttr, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, taken by the Gager according to the Standard of the Ale Quart, four whereof Anal 1 make the Gallon, remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlain of their Majesties Exchequer shall be reckoned, accounted, and returned by the Gager or Gagers, or other Officers aforesaid, for a Barrel of Beer or a'low.mce for Ale; and that the Allowances appointed to be made and allowed to the common Brewers, other thanl^k 'e* within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality aforesaid, for, Waife by filling and Leakage of their Beer and Ale, out of the said Returns or Charges made by the said Gagers or other Officers aforesaid, shall be two Barrels and an Half upon every three and twenty Barrels' of Beer or Ale, whether strong or small, and no more; anything in the abovementioned Acts, or any other, Act -

of Excise, or any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; that every Barrel of Beer and Ale, made and brewed within the said Cities of London and Westminster, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality aforesaid, by any the Persons aforesaid, shall be reckoned, accounted, and returned as the same are respecth ely to be reckoned, accounted, and returned by the former Acts of Excise; that the common Brewers, within the Cities of London and lecfniinster, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, ffcall have the like Allowances for Waste by filling and Leakage, out of the said Gagers Returns, as, by the said former Acts are directed,

VI. And whereas by the Laws relating to their majesty's Revenue of Excise it is enacted, That Gagers Brewer charge have Power to gauge all Coppers, Fats, and Vessels in any Brewhouse, and all other Places whatsoever, belong ^1* vviltth0fie ing to, or used by any Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler, or other Retailer of Beer or ale, and to take

Account of Beer, Ale, and Worts from Time to Time brewed or made, and thereof to make Return

and Report in Writing to the Commissioners and sub commissioners of Excise, and such Returns to be

a Charge upon fuel: Brewers: Now for the preventing of Frauds and Disputes which may happen or

arise by the Gagers making their Returns as aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

where it shall appear to the Gager or Gagers, that any Worts are missing, 'or not let fairly down into the

Tun, and such Gager cannot find the same, in such Case it shall be lawful for such Gager to charge such.

Brewer, Victualler, or other Rfctailer, with so much Beer or Ale, as such Worts so miffingyvouid reasonably make.

VII. And for the avoiding as much as may be all Disputes, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawfulgagers may for all Gagers to take their Gauges, and make their Returns and Charges, upon warm Worts in the Backs, make ketu mi Coolers, or other Vessels, and in such Case shall make Allowance to the Brewer, Innkeeper, victualier or other Retailer, of one tenth Part thereof for Wash and Waste for all Worts so returned and charged r J' which Worts, nor any Part of the same, are to be in any sort afterwards charged with the Payment of any Duty of Excise when brewed or made into Beer or Ale.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Innkeeper, Victualler, ale fellcraot or other Retailer of Beer or Ale, shall at my Time hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, or of "ble f the additional Duties hereby imposed, be sued, impleaded, or moleiled, by Indictment, Information, ot r^t/than fu popular Action, or otherwise, for selling or uttering any Beer or Ale, at any other or higher Prices thanmerly. the Prices heretofore limited and appointed; anything in this Act, or any other Law or Statute, to' the contrary

notwithstanding.

IX. And forasmuch as it is found by Experience, that the Payment of their Majesties Duties on Strong.

Waters, Aqua vita, and Spirits, is much avoided and defrauded by the Distillers or Makers of the Commodities aforesaid, by reason that the Gagers and Officers appointed to gauge and charge those Liquors, are. not duly admitted and permitted to enter and come into the Houses, distilling houses, or store houses and other Places belonging to, or used by, such Distillers or Makers of such Strong Waters, Aqua vita, and Spirits, and the Penalties imposed by the former Acts are often avoided for such Denial or Refusal.'

Proof cannot be made by the Informers or Officers of any Sale made of any their commoditiesj uniflhnert > f before the Duty thereof is paid; Be it enacted. by the authority aforesaid That from henceforth in '1?0" case any Distiller or Maker of the Commodities aforesaid shall, upon due Request or Demand made by" cfim inti" the Gager or Officer in the daytime, or in the nighttime in the Prefenee of a Constable, refuse to ger his sto e mit such Gagers to enter and come into his or their House, distilling house, store house, or other Placesjioufe, C belonging to, or used by, such Distillers or Makers of Strong Waters, aqua vita, or Spirits, the Party and Parties so offending shall forfeit and incur, the Forfeitures and Penalties by the said. former Acts, imposed and influited, to be recovered in Manner as therein and thereby is directed; and the Informer or Prosecutor shall not be obliged to prove that such Offender sold, carried, or delivered out, part of his - 1

Commodities aforesaid, before he had paid or cleared the Duties due for the same; anything in the said former Actor any other Actor Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

>; I'.

X And.

43?

I 4 Jar. z. CM I §6 & 7.

Brewcj not if; charged from Mifentry, ex pt he flaewed the Beer, cat the T me of the Return,

G. 24.

Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. D. 1688.

punutiment for concealing Worts,

1 k Car. 2, C 11

Gagers to leave Notes of their Gauges,

By. whom and how Complaints of Overcharge hiay be determined.

Officers for Anglesey.

Punishment of Commissioner of Excise for talcing Money of any Person but the Ring.

Information of Brewer, See. to see within three Months after ci?ence5 and

X. And whereas in and by the' said Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the second, it'.is amongst other Things therein provided or enacted in the Words, or to the Effect following .(viz.) That no common Brewer or Brewers shall be sued or prosecuted for any Penalty or Forfeiture by him or them incurred, for or by Reason of any Mifentry or Shortentry, if he or they shall within one Week after the Delivery of the Copy of the Gagers Return made upon him, certify his or their Entry made for the Week, for which such Copy of Return is delivered, according to such Return for each re 'spedbive Charge of Brewing, or otherwise discharging himself; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Brewer or Brewers shall from henceforth have or claim any Benefit by the said Proviso, on any Information to brought against him' or them for non entry, wilful false Entry, or nonpayment, if it hall appear by the Evidence given, that such Brewer so sued for non entry, or short, or false Entry, or nonpayment, did not bona fide show to the Gager or Gagers appointed to take Account of the Beer or Ale by. them brewed, all the Beer, Ale, and Worts of each respective Guile for such Time for which such Copy of the Return was made or given; or if any apparent Fraud was acted or made to defraud their Majesties of their Duty for any Part of the Drink brewed in the Time for which such Copy of the Return is made or given by the Gager, in such Case such Brewer hall incur all the Penalties and Forfeitures by the former Acts provided or inflicted; said Proviso, or anything in any Acts or Statute relating to the Excise in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. And for avoiding some Doubts that have arisen, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every common Brewer, Innkeeper, victualler/or Retailer of Beer or Ale, who, contrary to the said Act made in the said fifteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, shall make use of any private or concealed store house, Cellar, or Place, for the laying of any Beer, or Ale, or Worts in Cnfk, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Retailer, who, contrary to the said Act made as aforesaid, shall mix, conceal, or convey away any Worts, shall forfeit twenty Shillings for every Barrel of Worts by him or them so mingled, concealed, or conveyed away contrary to the said Act; and the commissioners of Excise, and Justices of the Peace, and all others authorised to hear and determine Forfeitures and Offences against the Laws relating to the Excise respectively, on Complaints or Informations brought for these Offences, or either of them, and duly proved before them, are hereby authorised to give Judgement or Sentence for the respective forfeitures accordingly; any Omission, or not repeating of the said Offences, or either of them, in and by the said Act notwithstanding.

XII. And to the End common Brewers and other Persons paying the Duty of Excise, may not be overcharged, it is hereby declared and enacted, That true Notes in Writing, of the last Gauges made or taken by the said Gager, shall be left by them with all Brewers, Makers, or Retailers of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors respectively, or some of their Servants, at the Times of their taking their said Gauges, containing the Quantity and Quality of the Liquors so gauged, upon Penalty of forty Shillings for every Offence or Neglect of the said Gager or Gagers.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise or Appeals, or Justices of Peace within whose Jurisdiction respectively any such Brewer, Maker, or Retailer shall inhabit or dwell, upon Complaint, to them made by or on the Behalf of such Brewers, Makers, or Retailers, of any Overcharge returned upon them by any of the said Gagers, shall, and are required to hear and determine all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses upon Oath, which shall be produced as well on the Behalf of the Party, making such Complaint, as on the Behalf of all and every other Party and Parties (which Oath they have hereby Power to administer) and thereupon, or by other due Proof, to discharge or acquit such Brewer, Maker, or Retailer of so much of his and their respective Charges, as shall be so made out before them; anything in this or in any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas there is but one Market Town in the County of Anglesey, by reason of which the Inhabitants of some Parts of the said County are put to extraordinary Trouble and Expense to make their, Entries and Payments, being four and twenty Miles distant from the said Market Town; ' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Ease of the said Inhabitants living remote from the said market town, there shall be Offices kept for the making Entries and Payments in the several Towns of Holyhead, Newboroicgh, and Llanerchthmeth, as well as in the Town of Beaumaris, where only the said Office has been accustomed to be kept.

XV. And, whereas several Collectors, Surveyors, Gagers, and other Persons. employed about Collect ing, Surveying, or Gauging the Duty of Excise, have been forced to pay several Sums of Money to the Commissioners of Excite, or their Registers or Clerks, upon Pretence that the same is for writing, signing scaling Instructions or Orders for every such Officer to execute his place, which must cause such Officer to reimburse himself: upon the People by one Means or other: 'I'or Prevention whereof be it enacted, that.no Commissioner, or other Person employed about the Duty of Excise, shall demahd, take, or receive any Sum of Money, or other Reward whatsoever from any Person, other than their majes 1 ties, upon Pain of Forfeiting his or their Office, upon Proof thereof by two or more credible Witnessbs' before any two <of their Majesties Justices. of the Peace, so as every such Person, so offending, is hereby made uncapable of executinjjfeiy office in their majesty's Revenue _ of the Excise for the future.

XVI. Provided, also, That "no Information shall be brought, laid, or prosecuted against any commons Brewer or brewers, or Alehousekeeper, for any false or mif entry, or Offence made or committed', from I and after the four and twentieth day of july one thousand six hundred eighty, and (nine, unlefis the same Information or Informations be laid and entrei before such Persons appointed to determine the same,

-2 within

45 J

within three Months next after every such Offence committed; and that Notice thereof be given to such w, hi

Person or Persons (atainst whom such Information shall he laid) in Writing, or left at their Dwelling it

houses, within one Week after the laying and entering such Information, to the End a timely Provision n ur"' °n' may be had and made in defending the same; anything in this Act or other Law to the contrary uot withstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first of September mol. penipy one thousand six hundred eighty nine, no common Brewer, or Retailer of Beer or Ale, shall use ju for ufinr mo the brewing or working of any Beer or Ale any Moloffus, coarse Sugar, Honey, or Composition

Extract of Sugar, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture, for every such Offence, of all such Liquors where 'nfi in any Moloffus, or coarse Sugar, Honey, or such Composition or Extract shall be put, and also of the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety of all the said Forfeitures to be to their Majesties, the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record, wherein no eltoin, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, so as such Suit be commenced within six Months after such Forfeiture incurred.

XVIII

shall

Sliilli

Quarto., j. imu.i, II tut, i uvui III ji i \ji a.lv(ii uj.yu j; ii/ten, ivti y i.tt.tiruiil \ji vytity.1 i v.j.c, vsntap t

shall put on Shipboard in English Shipping, the Mailer and two Thirds of his Mariners at lead: being Act f rxport their Majesties Subjects, any Sorts of the Corn aforesaid, from the said Port or Town of Berwick, with i«g Com.

Intent to export the said Corn into Parts beyond the Seas, and shall pursue all and every the Methods and Things prescribed and appointed in that Behalf, in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Com, shall have the Benefit and Advantage Supra, C sz. of the said Act, and of everything therein contained, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Corn had been put on shipboard from any Port or Ports of this Kingdom, or Dominion of

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Merchant, or other Person whatsoever, shall Except it ie

put on Shipboard any Com of the Growth of Scotland, out of the said Port of Berwick upon Tweed, that Scotch Corn, all such Corn shall be forfeited (that is to say) one third Part to their Majesties, one other third Part to the Informer, and the other third Part to the Poor of the said Town of Berwick. Farther nsifi

7 cm co; cerr.it: V

Vxcifc, 2 TV. & M. sej. 2. C io. 4 IV & M. C 3.5 IV MC 20. 7 IV 3. C 30. 8 IV 3. C 19. 10tv. 3. C 21. 12iv. 3. C 11 and 12* 3 t. 2.

t. 3. 4 Ann. C 6. % slm. C 7. 10 Ann. C 19. 12 Ann. St. 2, C 9, 6 Geo. 1. C zi. 11 Geo. 1. C o. iz Geo. 1. C 28. 1 Geo. 2.jl. 2, C 16. 23 Qco. z. C 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. c. 9. and 1 Geo. 3. c. 7.

CAP. XXV.

An act to regulate the Administraticm of the Oaths required to be taken by commission or Warrant Officers employed in their Majesties Service by Land, by Virtue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

WHEREAS by an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the abro Ante, C s.

' W gating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, all Persons that shall hereafter be put into any Military Employment, shall be obliged to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned, before such Personas shall issue the Commission orwar rant for such Employment; and whereas their Majesties Service does require the Regiments and Troops of Soldiers to inarch, and be it great Distances from London, and upon any Vacancy of any such Mili

tary Employment, by Death or otherwise, it is necessary to fill up such Vacancies, by granting new Commissions for Persons that may be at a great Distance from London, so as their Majesties Service will not permit them to repair to London to take the said Oaths, and make the said Declaration as aforesaid:

Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and con commission sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and officers. by the Authority of the same, That if any Commission for such Military Employment shall hereafter be twenty Miles granted to any Person at any Distance from London exceeding twenty Miles, that such Person shall and l"nlcm may take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, at the next Muller after the Re the\>°ths ceipt of the said Commission, before the Commissary of the Musters, or his Deputy, who is hereby authorised to tender, administer, and take the same, and are hereby required to send up a Certificate thereof, under his Hand and Seal, to the Person who issued such Commission; any Thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ill And in case such Person, who shall receive such Commission, shall refuse to take the said Oaths, and Penalty, subscribe the said Declaration as aforesaid, such Person shall not be allowed upon the Musters, but his Commission shall be void to ah Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV

434 G. 26.

Militia favej,

3 J'

Person^Dec la ration disabled to pi dent, C Anr^ C 15.

Universities hall pvefent, C

True frees disabled.

3 C C 5. Enlarged ss to Papifrs not con vidb, by 12 Anna?, flat. 2. C 14. §. I.

Anno prinio Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1688.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Miiitii or Trained Bands of England.

Cap. xkvr.

An Act to vefh in the Two Universities thfe Presentations of Benefices belonging td Papists.

WHEREAS in and by, a certain Clatise mentioned in one Act of Parliament made III the third Y'cdr; f the Reign of King Jtimes the First; intituled, An Act to privet, t and avoid Dangers iuhkh 1 may grow by Popish Rccnfafts, it is enacted, every Person or Persons that is or shall be a Popish. ufant Convict, during the Tiitte that he shall he or remain a Recusant, shall; from and after the Find 1 of that present Session of Parliament, be utterly disabled to present to any Benefice with Cure, or without Cure, Prebend, or any other Ecclesiastical Living, or to collate or ruminate to any free schonl, ' Hospital, 'or Donative whatsoever, and from the beginning of, the said Parliament shall like wise be dif abl ed to grant any Avoidance to any Benefice; Prebend, or other Ecclesiastical Living

II. Be it enacted, by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesti s, by and with the Advice and

consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That every Person who shall refuse or neglect to make; repeat, and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in one Act of this present Parliament; intituled, An Act for the better fairing the Government by d"farming papish and reputed Papists, when the same shall be te'ndred to such Person by any two or more Justices of the Peace, as in the Paid Act is ehafted, of who shall upon Notice given, as in the said Act. is directed;, refuse or forbear to appear before them for the making, repeating, and fub icfibing thereof; and shall thereupon have his Name, Surnanie; and usual Place of abode certified and recorded at the general Quarter sessions to be holder) for the Shire, Riding, Division; or Liberty, for which such two justices shall be justices of the Peace, by the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, as in the said Act is appointed; every such Person so recorded shall be; from and after the Time of such Record made, adjddged; taken, and esteemed disabled to make such Presentation, Collation, Nomination, Donation, cr Grant of any Avoidance of any Benefice, Prebend; or ecclesiastical Living, as fully and amply as if such Person were a Popish Recusant Convict by the Laws or Statutes of this Realih; any Law; Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. And that the Chancellor and Scholars of the uni veriity of Oxford, and the Chancellor and Scholars of the ur.iverfity of Cambridge, by what Name or Names soever they, or either of them, are incorporated, shall respectively have the Presentation, Nomination, Collation, and Donation of and to every such Benefice, Prebend, or ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital, and Donative, set, lying, and being; n the respective Counties, Cities, and other the Places and Limits in the said Act of the third of King fames mentioned, as in and by the said Act is directed and appointed, so often, as any of them shall become void, according to the Limitations, Directions; And prd visions in that.behalf limited, enacted, and provided.

III. "And be it furthev enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons are or shall be seized or possessed of any Advowson, Right of r re fen ration; Collation, of Nomination to any such ecclesiastical Living, free school, or Hospital afc aforesaid, in Trifft for any Papist or Popish recu fant, who shall be convicted or disabled, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Statute, made in the third Year of the Reign of the said King same's^the First. by this present Act, evt r such Person and Persons so seized and possessed in Trust: for any rapift or Popish Recusant convict or disabled, shall be and are hereby adjudged to be disabled to present, nominate, or collate to any such cede ftastical iu ving, free school, or Hospital, or to grant any Avoidance, thereof; and their and every of their Presentations, Nominations, Collations, and Grants, shall be null and void to all Intents and purposes whatsoever; and the Chancellors and Scholars of the said, Uhiverfities as aforesaid, iipoh

Penalty upon Trustees presenting without Notice.

Presentation of Person bene fcced, Told.

every Avoidance, shall have the presentations, Nominations and Collations, to such ecclesiastical Livings, freetchools, and Hospitala in such Manner as they should have the same, in case such recusant coimd or disabled were seized or possessed thereof.

IV. And in case any Trustee or Trustees, or Mortgagee, or Grantee of any Avoidance, hereafter present, nominate, or collate, or cause to be presented, "nominated, or collated any Person to any such ecclesiastical Living, free schoc. 1, "cr Hospital, whereof, the Trust shall be for any Recusant cohvift "or cht abled, without giving Notice of the Avoidajtce in writj'.g to the Vice Chancellor for the Time being ft the University, so, whom the Presentation, Nomination, or Collation shall belong, according to the true Intent of this Act, within three Months after the Avoidance shall happen, such Trustee or Trustees, Mortgagees, or Grantees, 'shall forfeit and pay. the Sum of five hundred p.outid's, to the fold te spective Chancellors and 'Scholars of either of the said universities, to whdm such Presentation, Nomination, or tpliation shall belong, according to the true Intent ..of .'this present Act, to be recovered in.any bf their Majesties Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no essoin, Protection, dr Wager of Law shall be allowed.

V. provided always. That, the said Chancellors, and Scholars of either of the said Universities shall hdt

Srefent or nominate to any Benefice with Cure, Prebend, other ecclesiastical Living, any Personas nil then have any other Benefice with Cure of Sbtils; and if any such Presentation shall be had or made

A.D. 1688. Amo prime Gulielmi & Marine. C 27 — 29. 435

of any such Person so beneficed, the said Presentation shall be utterly void; anything in this Add to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided, That if any Person so presented or nominated to any Benefice with Cure, shall be a lifer t lrj"cc from the same abpye the Space of sixty Plays in any one Year, that in such Cale the ibid Benefice shall be voili'/' comevoid. '

VII. Provided nevertheless, That if any such Person shall present liimfeljf before the Justiors of th q^h'nr'^5

1: Di lability.

Charged of and from tjhe said d.ifability/and be enabled to make such Presentation, Coilati n, Nomination, and Donation, 'and Grant of any avoidance '

Hospital, as if this Act had not been made.'

and Donation, 'and Grant of any avoidance to any Benefice, 'Prebend, or ecclesi.ifiicai Living, School, or

nhfl nnf ppm mndp* he

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for taking away the Court holcl.cn before the President and Council of the Marches

of Wales

King Henry the 34 & 35 it. S. and friiic fflity of 2 6 aid Dominion and

' Principality of Wales, ajtd the Marches of the same, with all Officers, Clerks, and Incidents 'to the

lame, in Maimer and Form as hath been heretofore tiled and accustomed; which President and'.council fiiali hav.e'pbwer jind Authority to hear and determine, by their Wifdoins and Discretions, such Causes

Matters as b.c'.or hereafter shall be assigned to them by the king's'majeil.y, as heretofore hath' been' ac customed a; jd u fed find or jfmuch as the Proceedings and Decrees of that Court have by Experience been found to bean intolerable Burden to tyre Subject within the faief Principality, contrary to the great Char ter, the known Laws of the Land, and the Birthright of the Subject, and the means to introduce an ar

Power and Government; and forasmuch as all Matters examinable or determinable, or pre ended

to be examinable or determinable before the said Court of President and Council, may have tjheir proper Redress in the ordinary course of Justice, provided and settled in the several Shires within'.the said Prihci pality and domiinorifor Remedy whereof,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's' most excellent Majesties, and by the Lords Spiritual and Court of" Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the "Authority of the same, 'thatwarcllts ukcn the before recited Clause in the said Statute, made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth Year of King Henry*'1'

- Eighth, shall be and is hereby repealed 'and that the said Court, commonly called The Court before President and Gtmhcil in the Marches of Wales, and all Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority belonging flrf

the Kithe.

to, or exercised in the same Court, or by any the Judges, Officers, or Ministers thereof be clearly and absolutely difl olved, taken away, and determined.' 1 '-

III. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Great sef s: 'er!frs in fions in Wales respectively, for the time being, shall yearly nominate three fubilanfial Persons for each^jj "ho'v Shire in their respective Circuits, to be Sheriffs of the same, and shall certify their Names to the Lords C '° e "' of the moll honourable Privy Council Crajlino' Animarum, to the Intent the King's and que'en'h maje'f

ties, and the Survivor of them, and their Successors, bping hereof advertised, may appoint one Of the l'ersons so certified in every of the find Shires to be Sheriff for that Year.

IV. And be It'further enacted, That all Errors in Pleas personas wi thin the said Principality or Domi errors in Pleas nion of Wales, shall be redressed by Writ of error/'in the same manive/as errdr/ih pleas real and mixed Pcifuui.

are appointed to be redrefied by the said Statute, made in the thirry fourth and thirty fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth.

V. Provided always, That no Judgments nor Decrees passed in the said Court before the first Day of Commencement June one thousand six hundred eighty nine, shall be 'by this Act repealed or annulled, but 'all' and the acti

every of them shall remain in the same Force, 'and all Executions upon 'them III the same State, which they were before the making of this Act; a.uy Thing in this Act contained to the contrary not ma

withstanding. V "'Execution on

these Judgements, C by9 & 10w. 3. C 16. Far I her Pro'vjions concerning ffa'cs, n 12 IF. 3. C 0. 8 Geo. 1. c. 25. 6 Geo.

C 14. and Geo. 2. c. 42

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for appropriating certain duties far pay.ing the States General of the United Provinces their charges.e X p. for his Majesty.'s Expedition into this Kingdom, and/or, other Uses' "

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for Relief of the Protestant Irish Clergy,

'U.*t Jr

3 K a

ixp,

C 3°) — 32'

A.D. 1688. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae.

5 H. 4- C 4. repealed.

Conditions of Repeal.

Royal Mine. Explained by

CAP. XXX.

An Act to repeal the Statute made in the fifth Year of King Henry the Fourth, against the

multiplying Gold and Silver.

WHEREAS by a Statute made and enacted in the Parliament held in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, late King of England, it was among!: other Things enacted in these Words, or to this effect, namely, That none front thenceforth Should use to multiply Gold or Silver, or use the Craft of Multiplication; and if any the same do, they Should incur the Pain of Felony: And whereas finee the making of the said Statute, diverse persons have by their Study, Industry, and Learning, arrived to great Skill and Perfection in the Art of melting and refining of Metals, and otherwise improving them and their Ores (which very much abound within this Realm) and extrafling Gold and Silver out of the same; but dare not exercise their said Skill within this Realm, for fear of falling under the Penalty of the said Statute, but exercise the said Art in foreign Parts, to the great Loss and Detriment of this Realm

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's and Queen's moil: Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice a, nd consent of the Lords Spiritual and t emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That from henceforth the aforesaid Branch, Article, or Sentence contained in the said Act, and every Word, Matter, and Thing contained in the said Branch or Sen ence, shall be repealed, annulled, revoked, and for ever made void; anything in the said Act to the contrary in any wise whatsoever notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Gold and Silver that shall be extracted by the aforesaid Art of melting and refining of Metals, and otherwise improving of them and their Ores as before set forth, be from henceforth employed for no other Use or Uses whatsoever, but for the Increase of Moneys; and that the Place hereby appointed for the Disposal thereof, shall be their Majesties Mint within the Tower of London; at which Place they are to receive the full and true Value for their Gold and Silver so extradited from Time to Time, according to the aftay and Fineness thereof; and so for any greater or lesser Weight: And that none of that Metal of Gold and Silver, so refined and extracted, be permitted to be used or disposed of in any other Place or Places within their Majesties Kingdoms and Dominions.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mine of Copper, Tin, Iron, or Lead, shall hereafter he adjudged, reputed, or taken to be a Royal Mine, although Gold or Sil

5 & 6 w. M. ver may be extracted out of the same.

EXP.

25 Edi. C 7.

//. 6. C 22*

23 H. 8. C 17. 39 El. C 14.

12 Car. 2. c. 32

Burn, V 2. 583

V

Wool] carried to the Seacoasts to be entered.

Enforced by 7 & 8 W. 3. C 28. 3»

CAP XXXI

An additional Act for the appointing Commissioners for the executing an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesies of an Aid of twelve Pence in the Pound for one Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom. Continued by 4 & 5 W. & M. Cap. 24, Sect. 10. (except what relates to Free Importation of Woollen Manufacture) for three Tears, with Proviso that no Wool shall be imported from Ireland to Exeter.

WHEREAS through the Remifness and Negligence of Officer? and others, in not putting the Laws in Execution against the Exportation of Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool floeks, fullers earth, fulling clay, and tobacco pipe clay, and also by reafen of the Doubtfulness of some Expressions in the Statute made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, diverse great Quantities of Wool, and other the Things abovementioned, have been exported out of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland into France, and other Parts beyond the Seas,

which, if not prevented for the future, will tend to the utter Ruin and Undoing of many Thousands of their Majesties Subjects, and the great Diminution of the Trade of this Kingdom For preventing whereof, and for the better Explanation and Execution of the Laws made against the said Exportation; and for the preventing Frauds generally practised to avoid the Penalties therein mentioned

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's moult Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by', the Authority of the same, That all and every Owner of Wool, or their Agent or Agents, that shall at any Time carry, or cause to be carried any Wool to any Port or Place on the Seacoasts, with an Intention to convey the same to any other Port or Place on the Seacoasts within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or from the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from whence the same mtay be shippsd

off.

3

A.D. 1688. Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae. C 32. 437

ff, or otherwise transportej, conveyed, or carried into foreign Parts, that the said Owner or Owners & W. 3. shall in the first Place cause a due Entry to be made of the said Wool!, at the Port from whence the famec. 40. shall be so intended to be conveyed, containing the exact Weight, Marks, and Numbers of the same, before he or they presume to load of carry away any of the said Wool, within five Miles of any such Port j r°t)jn "or Place on the Seacoasts, from whence the same is so to be conveyed. And if any Wool shall be carryingby 5 gco.'i. c.'towards the Sea without being first entered in Manner aforesaid, the Wool so found, as also the Horse orn. §. 14. Horses, Cart, Wagon, or other Beasts, or Carriages conveying the same, shall be forfeited and lost: A nd penalty, the Person or Persons carrying, driving, aiding, or abetting the same, shall fuller and forfeit in such Manner as by the Laws and Statutes now in Force against the Exportation of Wool! is provided.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That the foregoing Clause is not intended, perrcnscarr.^ nor shall be construed to extend to the hindering any Person or Persons from carrying his or their Woolling Wool from the Place of shearing the same, on Horses, or by Carts and Wagons, to his or their own Dwelling from (hearing, house or Houses, or out houses thereunto belonging, though the same be within five Miles or less of the10 comt>'

Sea, so as such Person or Persons within ten Days after the shearing of the said Wool, and before he or they remove or otherwise dispose of the same, or any Part thereof, from the Place where it was first carried after shearing, do under his or their Hands certify to the Officers of the Customs in the next adjacent Port ihe true Quantity of the said Wool (that is to say) of the Number of Fleeces, and where the same rs housed, and that such Person or Persons do not remove or otherwise dispose of the said Wool to any other Place, without first certifying the Officer of such Port, under his or their Hands, of his Intention to remove the same three Days at Least before such Removal. And the Officer and Officers in the respectfwpfter of thr live Ports, and the Limits of such Ports, are hereby required to receive and keep such Certificates, and cettlfic ltc' to make a Register of them; but in Case any such Person or Persons shall neglect to make and lend such Certificate to the Officer or Officers of the next adjacent Port as aforesaid, or shall remove or otherwise. dispose of any of the said Wool, before such Certificate of his Intention so to do be made and delivered as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall have no Benefit by this Proviso, but be liable to the Penalties expressed in the foregoing Clause.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cocquets for carrying Wool from Co

any Port within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or from the Port of Berwick upon Tweed, Certficatr shall be written upon Paper, and not Parchment, and, signed by three of the chief Officers of such respectb tive Port at least; and all Certificates of landing the same again in any other of the said Ports, or from then'ut' Kingdom of Ireland, shall be signed in like Manner; and that all such Wool, both at shipping and landing, shall be weighed in the Presence of the said Officers giving such Cocquets and Certificates respective ly; and that the cxadl Weight, Marks, and Numbers of such Wool, so shipped and landed, shall be likewise particularly expressed in both Cocquet and Certificate.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every.'such Officer Officers fe and Officers, 'as shall not observe the Directions in this Act before mentioned on their Parts to be perform nal' y

ed, shall be deemed and adjudged as Aiders and Abettors of the said Transportation, and fuller the Penal 12 Cat. 2. C ys ties contained in the Statutes made in the twelfth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, against '3*Transportation of Wool, and other the Things before mentioned. c'ls'

VI. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Wool shall be shipped from the Kingdom Ports of im

of Ireland, but from these Ports following, ( viz.) Dublin, Waterford, Youghall, Kingsale, Cork, and port 2ntl E drtgbeda; and that no Wool shall be imported from the Kingdom of Ireland into any Ports but these fol b lowing (viz.j Liverpool, Chester, Bristol, Minehead, Barnstaple, Bidiford, and Exeter. & 8 W. I.

Vh. And for the better and more effectual Execution of this and other Acts made against exportation28d. j. of Wool, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable Sir Thomas Pil commissionerj k'mgton Lord Mayor of the City of London, Sir Henry Goodrich Baronet, Sir Patience Ward Knight, Sirt0 execute the Matthew Andrews Knight, Sir Benjamin Newland Knight, Sir John Matthews Knight, Sir Peter Rich Ac '

Knight, Sir Robert Dashwood, Sir William Portman Knight and Baronet, Sir Henry Ashhurst Baronet, Sir William Ashhurf Knight, Sir Richard Newdigate, Sir John Fleet, William Harbord, John Summers, John

Sand ford, Foot Onslow, John Pollexfen, Richard Bret, William Cranmore, Edward Montague, Esquires;

Hajfel, William Haffcl senior, John Parish, John I oyer, John Gibbon, Barnard Carter, Gentlemen;

Mr. Montague of Horton, Sir Thomas Samuel Baronet, William Dugdale Esquire, John ajrlcy of I Foley,

"ir Robert Jeff cry es Knight, Sir Though —

Hugh Strode, Samuel

Aleverel, John Smith, Thomas Firmin, Arthur Moore, William Crouch, Thomas Pleatly, Thomas san dys, William Jolly, Esquires; Slaughter, Henry Cornish, John Devinck, Richard Scott, David Prole,

Thomas Crawl'll, Philip Bickly, John Paris, Richard Harrison, John Buss eld, John Haines, Edward Bickly,

Nicholas Broking, William Sand ford, Benja tin Ivie, Daniel Ivie, Andrew Jeffery, Thomas Turner, Peter Pur, 'Henry Newcomb, Joseph Pifice, Matthew Ferris, William Spry, John Keefe senior, John Monkly junior,

William Wrayford, John Youat, Robert Forfler, John Lavington, Thomas Potter, Robert Burridge, John

Upcot, John Smith, John Mudford, or any five of them, be authorised for putting this and other the said

Laws in Execution, who are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by their Agents or Substitutes to be 1

deputed under the Hands and Seals of any five or more of them, to seize all Wool, wool fells, and other

the Things abovementioned, which shall be endeavoured to be transported contrary to this Act; and also

to

A.D. 1688.

any Law, Custom, sr

discovering.

their Reward.

438 C 32. Anno primo Guglielmi & Marias.

to sue and prosecute all Persons offending against this or any the said Laws;

Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Owncwof Ships, y fjj. Provided always, 'Fhat if any Owner of any Ship or Vesse!, or any Matter or Mariner, knowing of the Exportation of any sheeps wpoll, wool fells, Mortlings, Shortings, Yarn made of Wool, wool llocks, fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, contrary to the true Meaning of this and the other Acts abovementioned, shall within three Months next after the Knowledge thereof, or after his Return into the Kingdom of England, or Ireland, or to the said Town of Berwick, or into the Dominion of Wales aforesaid, give the first information bona fide, before any of the Barons for the time being of the Court of Exchequer in England, or the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or before any three of the Commissioners appointed by this act for the more effectual putting in Execution this and other Laws made against the Exportation of Wool, or before the Head Odicer of any Port where he shall first arrive, upon his or their Oath, of the Number and Quantity of such sheeps wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Sfcorlings, Yarn made of Wool!, wood flocks, fullers earth, eu lling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, so carried, conveyed, or ex.

Ship or Vessel, and afterwards shall be ready, upon

ported as aforesaid, and by whom, where,

Persons authorised may i'taze.,

reasonable Wriming, by Process to justify end prove the same, That then such Owner and Owners, Mailer, Mariner, and Mariners, shall not be liable or subject to any the Penalties or Forfeitures in this or any other act contained or enacted, for the Offence aforesaid, but mall and is hereby enabled to recover and receive such Benefit and Advantages as is appointed to be allowed by the precedent Act or Acts.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That the Powers given to the said coawjijflioners shall not hinder any Person or Persons lawfully authorised from seizing Wool, or prosecuting any Person offending against this or any former Act made against the tntnfportat ion of Wool, and other the Things abovementioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person for what he shall do in Pursuance of this A, such Person so faed foald and may file a Common Bail, or enter into Common Appearance, and plead the General Blue, Not guilty i and upon Issue joined may give this act in 'Evidence: And if the Plaintiff, or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, or if upon a Deniucrer Judgement pass against him, the Defendant shall recover treble Coils and Damages for his Mol citation.

XI. And for the better Execution of the Powers granted by this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Register be kept at the icustom house, Lojidon, of all the Wool from time to time imported from Ireland, and also of what Wool shall be sent from one Port to another in this Kingdom; the particular Weights and Numbers, the Ship, Matter's Name, owner's Name, and to whom conngned; to the end the said Cotniniliio, iters appointed to put this Act in Execution may have an inspection thereinto, or Copies thereof, from time to time. This Act to continue for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Seffiomof (Parliament.

XII. And for the better Encouragement of the Manufacture as well as the Growth of Wool, be it further enacted by the Authority afor. said, That from henceforward it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or (Persons whatsoever to buy any Cloth, Stuffs, Stocking or other Manufacture of Wool made in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or the Town pt Berwick upon Tweed, and the same freely, without any moldtation.or Trouble whatsoever, to export into any Parts beyond the Seas, paying the usual 'Customs.

XIII. Provided, That nothing contained ip this Act shall be construed to avoid the Charters and Grants made to the Levant Company, to the Eafland Company, to the rt/jfa Company, to the African Company, or to the 'Privilege? granted to them, or any of thorn.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to strsmfoort from the Port of Ssutbamptou only, for the only u fe' or 'Behoof of the Inhabitants of the Iflonds of gumfy, fferfey, Alderney, apd 'Sarie, and of the Wobllen Manufactures there made, one thou fund Tods of unkeoibed 'wooll for the Bland of Guernsey, 'two choufand Tods of unkembed Wool for the island of Jersey, two hundred Tods of unkembed Wool! for the bland of Alderney, and one hundred Tods of unkembed Wool for the Island of Sarke, more than by the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the reign of King gbar)r$ the Second is directed and provided for the same, to be done according to the same Riiles, Orders, and Directions, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as in the said act is direffed, ordained, appointed and inflicted, and on (the further Penalty of twenty pounds for every Tod of wool, and Forfeiture of the Wool d'.fe'lfjone half thereof to his Majesty, one.quarter Part thereof to the Informer, and the other quarter'.part to the (Poor of the said Islands) in case any Person hall again transport or attempt to -- trail(port any of the said Wool from the said Blands, for every Essence therein j and also that every Person >so offending hall .' from and pfter the first Offence be incapable of having or enjoying any grant of any wool from the saidport of.southampton;, nor shall ever hereafter have; any Warrant givcii or granted him for that Kurpose; ithefsaid Penalties to be recovered by such Personas shall sue for the lame by any action of debt, flj. Plaint, xorffiiformation, wherein no essoin, (Protection, Privilege, av ager of

io Anns, C 16. Law, Injunction, on Order ofi.rsftraint is to be allowed, or anymore than one imparlance.

Farther Proviftom ivati^hertto, 10 Xjf northwest, <\. r. 10.3 Gm. 1. C ai. mpfty. X <vil. 5*gvo. 1. C 11. -12 Geo. I.' r.-34, 13 Geo IF, 23., 5 Geo. 2.

f.sti. izgco. 2* f. 2i>.iygdq..a.: ct 4- f. I .29 Gcrv.2, r. 33..c. 12.

A Register of Wool!.

Continuance of the AL Woollen Manufacture may be exported.

Saving to the

Companies

Charters.

wooll' from Southampton.

A.D. 1688.

C 33> 34- 439

Anno primo Gulielmi & Mariae.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act maclfc in the first Year of King James the Fiill, contenting tanned Leather.

WHEREAS by 11 Statute made in the first Year of King James the Fiill it was enacted, That the r Jac. i. C a. 1 W Mallei and Wardens of the several Mysteries of the Cordwainers, Curriers, Girdlers, and Sadlers §9,

' of the City of London, Fof the time being, or the major Part of the said Mailer and Wardens of every the C* ' said several Mylleries, under the Penalty therein mentioned, should Tour Times in the Year at least (that C Cs'

is to say) once every Quarter of the Year, or ofuier if Need Should require, search, and view all Boots,

' Shoes, Buskins, and other wa.es and 'Filings whatsoever made of tanned Leather, in all and every House and Houses, Place and Places, privileged or not privileged, as well within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, as in every other Place within three Miles of the same City, where any Shoemaker,

' Sadler, Girdler, Currier, or other Artificer, using cutting, working, or dressing of Leather, whether the same Boots and Shoes, Wares, Stuff, or other Things, were made of tanned Leather, and were wrought 1 according to the Purport, Effect, and true Meaning of the said Statute, or not:

II. And whereas foirre Doubts have been made, whether tanned Leather, when and after it hath been fully dressed and Curried by the Currier, be a Ware within the said Statute, and several Suits of Law have been carried on against the Mailer and Wardens of the Company of Curriers, to their great Charge and Vexation, and tending to the utter avoiding the good Provision made in the said Statute for the due and lawful currying and dressing of Leather, and the Search and View thereof, to be made as by the said 1 Statute is required for the removing the refore of all Doubts, and that Search, and View may be duly made according to the said Statute

III. Be it enacted by the King's and quefen's tnoft Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and What he Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and a'v "ged V "r' by th Authority of the l'anic, That all and every Hide, Skin, Or Piece 6f tanned Leather, flvavcd or 1i MM C 29.'* quored, of what Colour soever, with any lawful liquoring or dressing, and being well and truly curriede, r7, v.^.ize, according to the Directions of the said Statute, shall be adjudged, "reputed, and taken to be the made Ware and Manufacture of the said Cwrrier, and subject to the View, Search, and Seizure of the said Mailer and Wardens, or the major Part, as in and by the said Statute is provided, and shall be liable to be feifccd, and subject to the same Penalties as other Wares insufficiewtly made of tanned Leather by the said Statute ate liable and fti bjeft unto.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this or any Other Act shall extend "to give any Power to the The Power of Matter and Wardens of the Company of Curriers, to visit, search, or seize any Leather, Hide, or Skin, chc but such only as shall be curried or dressed within the City of London, or three Miles thereof, by foine Members of their Own Company, nor in any other Place, but in the open Market, or in the Shops,

Houses, Or w arehouses of such 'Curriers.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Red tanned for all leather sellers, Curriers, Shoemakers, and all other Person and Persons whatsoever, that do deal Leather hew Or work in Leather, freely to buy all Sorts of red tanned Leather in any open Fair or Market, whether bousht 'an sold, curried or uncurried, the lame being first searched and (baled according to thetorm of the Statutes In that

Case made and provided, and having so bought the same, to sell it again to any Person or Persons whatsoever, in their public and open Shops, or to cut and convert the same into other made Ware, according to their several and respe ftive Trades.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person Or Persons to buy or sell Lehther, Hides, and Skin's; by Weight; any Law, Statute, or other Provision to: the contrary in anywise ^ywcmht.

notwithstanding.'Farther), fvided

sir, 'by9Arm. C 6. 12 Aw. 'hit. '2. e. g. 3 Geo. 1. C. 4. 5 Geo. I, C 2. 'and iz Geo. 2. c. 25.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for prohibiting all Trade and 'Commerce with France. Vide 2: W. ft? M. Sejf. 2.

Cap. 14. for time effectual executing this AB, and both revived by<st& 5 W. '& M. Cap. 25. for three Tears, if War with France lajijo long.

'TV R A S Mcr C H as your Majesties, upon just and 'honourable Grounds, have been pleased to declare 2 w. & jtf. (ht. ' 2/ an actual War with France., and to enter into several Confederacies for carrying on the same; and 2. C s. 12.

'that ithath been found by long experience, that the importing dcfr.ench Wines, Vinegar, ibrandy, Linen, s5: '6'v'*mi ' Silks, Salt, Paper., and other the Commodities of vthe Growth, Product, or Manufacture of France or ofc' zo' 4s ' the Territories or Dominions of the French King, hath much exhaiifted the treasure of this lnatian, lef fehed the Value of the native Commodities and Manufactures thereof, and greatly impoverished the Fnglifl)

' Artificers and Handicrafts, and caused, great Detriment to this Kingdom in.general xlx. And it is hereby enacted, That from and after the tenth Day of 'September one thousand six Retailers to sell hundred eighty nine, no Vintner or Retailer of Wines whatsoever shall sell or utter any Wines by Retail, Wine in Pewter,

2 other

44-0

Penalty 5 1.

S W. 3. C 19. $.3. 11 & 12 W. 3. C 15. 2 W. Sc M.

Self. 2. C 14. 3001. Penalty Jor selling so phifticatecl Wine.

4 & 5 V & C 25.

9 & 10 Wr 3, C 8. 12 & 13 W. 3. C lit 27.9 Ann. C 21.

The Heads of Abdication.

Dispensing Power.

Committing Prelates. Ecclesiastical Commission.

Levying Money. Standing Army.

Disarming pro testants.

Violating Elections.

Wrong Prosecutions.

Juries.

Excessive Bail.

Pines and pu nishments. Grants of Fines, Sec,

B. 3. Jim, 1.

C i, 2. Anno primo Guglielmi & marie. A.D. 1689

other than by and in Measures mad: of Pewter, and sealed according to the Statute, under the Pain an Penalty of five Pounds for every such Offence, to the Informer, to be levied and recovered in any of such Courts, and in such Manner, as aforesaid.

XX. And for the preventing of the Mischiefs which may be occasioned by the sophisticating, corrupting, and adulterating of Wines during such Time as they are by this Act allowed to be sold, be it enacted, i hat if any Merchant, Vintner, wine cooper, or other Person selling Wine by V holefale or Retail, shall corrupt, sophisticate, or adulterate any Wine, or shall utter or sell any Wine corrupted, sophisticated, or adulterated; such Person shall forfeit the Sum of three hundred Pounds for every such Offence, the one Moiety thereof to their Majesties and their successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Personas shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Projection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and also shall suffer Imprisonment by the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprise.

SESSIO SECUNDA.

Anno Regni G U L I E L M I & MARI primo.

CAP. I. (35.)

An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of two Shillings in the Pound for one Year, Exp.

CAP. II (36.)

An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the succeltion of the

Crown.

WHEREAS the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled at Westminster, lawfully, fully, and freely representing all the Estates of the People of this Realm, did upon the thirteenth Day of February in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty eight, present unto their Majesties, then called and known by the Names and Style of, William and Mary, Prince and Princess of Orange, being present in their proper Persons, a certain Declaration in Writing, made by the said Lords and Commons, in the Words following; viz.

4 W/"HERTA s the late King James the Second, by the Assistance of diverse evil Counsellors, Judges, W and Ministers employed by him, did endeavour to subvert and extirpate the Protestant Religion, ' and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom.

1. By assuming and exercising a Power of dispensing with and suspending of Laws, and the Execution

of Laws, without Consent of Parliament.

' 2. By committing and prosecuting diverse worthy Prelates, for humbly petitioning to be excused from

concurring to the said afiumed Power.

C 3. By ittuing and causing to be executed a Commission under the Great Seal for erecting a Court called, The Court of Commissioners fer Ecclesiastical Causes.

4 4. By levying Money for and to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, for other Time, and in other Manner, than the same was granted by Parliament.

4 5. By raising and keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom in Time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament, and quartering Soldiers contrary to Law.

4 6. By causing several good Subjects, being Protestants, to be disarmed, at the same Time when Papists were both armed and employed, contrary to Law.

4 7. By violating the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

4 8. By Prosecutions in the Court of King's Bench, for Matters and Causes cognizable only in Parliament and by diverse other arbitrary and illegal Courses.

4 9. And whereas of late Years, partial, corrupt, and unqualified Persons, have been returned and served on Juries in Trials, and particularly diverse Jurors in Trials for High i reason, which were not Free holders.

4 10. And excessive Bail hath been required of Persons committed in criminal Cases, to elude the Benefit of the Laws made for the Liberty of the Subjects.

IX. And excessive Fines have beenimposed; and illegal and cruel punishments inffidted.

4 12. And several Grants and Promises made of Fines and Forfeitures, before any Conviction or Judge

ment against the Persons, upon whom the same were to be levied.

All which are uttely and directly contrary to the known Laws and Statutes, and Freedom of this Realm.' i

C 14. 3 Ed. j. C 6. 34 Ed. 3. C i.

And

44i

A.D. 1689. Anno primo Guglielmi &c Mariae. sect. 2. C 2.

' And whereas the said late King James the Second having abdicated the Government, and the Throne being thereby vacant, his Highness the Prince of Orange (whom it hath pie a fed Almighty God to make: the glorious Inllru r ent of delivering this Kingdom from Popery and arbitrary Power) did (by the Advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and diverse principal Persons of the Commons) cause Letters to be written to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being Protestants; other Letters to the several Counties,

' Cities, Universities, Boroughs, and cinque ports, for the choosing of such Persons to represent them,

4 as were of right to be sent to Parliament, to meet and sit at ivejim mjler upon the two and twentieth Day f of January in this Year one thousand six hundred eighty and eight, in order to such an Establi fitment, as that their Religion; Laws, and Liberries might not again be in Danger of being subverted: which 1 Letters, Elections having been accordingly made,

' And thereupon the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, pursuant to their respective Letters and Elections, being now assembled in a full and free Representative of this Nation, taking 1 into their most serious Consideration the belt Means for attaining the Ends aforesaid; do in the firli Place (as their Ancestors in like Case have usually done) for the vindicating and asserting their ancient Ti e Subjects Rights and Liberties, declare; " Rights.

ime of Peace, Ultless itstandingatroy.

4 1. That the pretended Power of suspending of Laws, or the Execution of Laws, by regal Authority, No Jifjicnfing without Consent of Parliament, is illegal. rower.

' 2. That the pretended Power of difpcnfing with Laws, or the Execution of Laws, by regal Authority, Ute difptnfing as it hath been assumed and exercised of iate, is illegal. " ' legal.

' 3. That the Commission for erecting the late Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes, and all Ecciefiaftica!

' other Commissions and Courts of lice Nature, are illegal and pernicious. courts illegal.

' 4. That levying Money for or to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, without Grant oflevyiag Monty.

' Parliament, for longer Time, or in other Manner than the same is or shall be granted, is illegal.

4 5. That it is the Right of the Subjects to petition the King, and all Commitments and Prosecutions for Right to petition. ' such petitioning are illegal.

' 6. That the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the Kingdom in Tim ' be with Consent of Parliament, is against Law.

' 7. That the Subjects which are Protestants, may have Arms for their Defence suitable to their Condi subjects Arms.

tions, and as allowed by Law. F.

4 8. That Election of Members of Parliament ought to be free. elegion.

1 9. That the Freedom of Speech, and Debates or Proceedings in Parliament, ought not to be impeached Frecdumop orquedioned in any Court or Place out of Parliament. Speech.

4 10. That excedive Bail ought not to be required, nor exceftive Fines imposed; cruel and unusual Cxcdlive Bail.

Punishments inflicted.

4 11. That Jurors ought to be duly impanelled and returned, and Jurors which pass upon Men in Trials Julies.

for High Treason ought to be Freeholders. 4

4 12. That all Grammes and Promises of Fines and Forfeitures of particular Persons before Conviction, are°rants of fr illegal and void. tenures.

4 13. And that for Redress of all Grievances, and for the amending, (Lengthening, and preserving of the Frequent Bar

Laws, Parliaments ought to be held frequently. laments.

And they do claim, demand, and infill upon all and singular the premisses, as their undoubted Rights and Liberties, and that no Declarations, Judgements, Doings, or Proceedings, to the Prejudice o. the People in any of the Lid Premises, ought in any wise to be drawn hereafter into Consequence or Example.

4 To whichdemand of their Rights they are particularly encouraged by the Declaration of his Highness '.the Prince of Orange, as being the only Means for obtaining a full Redress and Remedy therein.

Having the refore an entire Confidence, That his said Highness the Prince of Orange will perfect the Deliverance so far advanced by i im, and will still preserve them from 'he Violation of their Rights, which j4 they have here afterted, and from all other Attempts upon their Religion, Rights, and liberties.

4 If. The said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled at Westminster, do resolve, That Tender of the William and Mary Prince and Princess of Orange be, and be declared. King and Queen of England, France, Ctown> and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, to hold the Crown and Royal Dignity of the said Kingdoms and Dominions to them the said Prince and Princess during their Lives, and the Life of the survivor of them; and that the sole and full Exercise of the Regal Power be only in, and executed by the said Pnnce of Orange, in the Names of the said Prince and Princess, during their joint Lives; and after their Deceases, the said Crown and Royal Dignity of the said Kingdoms and "Dominions to be to the Heirs of the Body of the said Princess; for Default of such Issue to the Princess Ann: of Denmark, and the Heirs of her Body \ and for Default of such Blue to the Heirs of the Body of the said Prince of Orange.

And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, do pray the said Prince and Princess to accept the same accordingly.

III. And that the Oaths hereafter mentioned be taken by all Persons of whom the Oaths of allegiancenew Oaths of'4 and Supremacy might be required by Law, instead of them; and that the said Oaths of Allegiance and Allegiance, s. ' Supremacy be abrogated.

I A. B.

C 2. Anno primo Guglielmi 5c Marive. Sell. 2. A.D. 1689.

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will he faithful and bear true Allegiance, to their Ma*JL Jellies King William and Queen Mary:

So kelp me God, '

I A.B. do swear. That I do from my Heart abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical, that C JL damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be depofod or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever. And I do declare. ' That no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate hath, or ought to have, any Jurisdiction. C Power, Superiority, preeminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm:

So help me God.'

V rt, ceof

IV. Upon which their said Majt flies did accept the Crown and Royal Dignity of the Kingdoms o he Crcwn.0 ' England, 'France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, according to the Resolution ant Desire of the said Lords and Commons contained in the said Declaration.

The two Houses C

V And thereupon their Majesties were pleased, That the said Lords Spiritual and temporal, anc tofit. ' Commons, being the two Houses of Parliament, should continue to sit, and with their Majesties roya

' Concurrence make effectual Provisioft for the Settlement of the Religion, Laws and Liberties of thi" ' Kingdom, so that the same for the future might not be in Danger again of being subverted; to whicl the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, did agree and proceed to at accordingly.' soijje&slifcerties VI Now in pursuance of the Premises, the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ir ru be allowed. Parliament assembled, for the ratifying, confirming and establishing the said Declaration, and the Articles Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, by the Force of a Law made in due Form by Authorit; of 1 Parliament, do pray that it may be declared and enacted, That all and singular the Rights and LI berties aliened and claimed in the said Declaration, are the true, ancient, and indubitable Rights an: Liberties of the People of this Kingdom, and so shall be afleemed, allowed, adjudged, deemed, and taker to be, and that all and every the Particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and ftti&ly held and observed as they are expressed in the said Declaration; and alt Officers and Ministers whatsoever shall serve tltci Majesties and their Successors according to the same in all Times to come.

William and

VII. And the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ferioully considering how it hath pleas Mary declared e(j Almighty God, in his marvellous Providence, and merciful Goodness to this Nation, to provide and pre k.ngand Queen. serve their said Majesties royal Persons most happily to reign over us upon the Throne of their Ancestors for which they render unto him from the Bottom of their Hearts their humblest Thanks and Praises do truly, firmly, assuredly, and in the Sincerity of their Hearts think, and do hereby recognise, acknowledge and declare. That King fames the Second having abdicated the Govermenc, and their Majesty having accepted the Crown and loyal Dignity as aforesaid, their said Majesties did become, were, are, an: of Right ought to be, by the Laws of this Realm, our Sovereign Liege Lord and Lady, King and Queei of England, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, in and to whose princely Person the royal State, Crown, and Dignity of the said Realms, with all Honours, Styles, Titles, Regalities Prerogatives, Powers, Jurisdictions and Authorities to the same belonging and appertaining, are moult fully rightfully, and entirely inverted and incorporated, united and annexed.

Limitation of

VIII. And for preventing all Questions and Divisions in this Realm, by reason of any pretended Title the Crewn. to the Crown, and for preserving a Certainty in the Succession thereof, in and upon which the Unity Peace, Tranquillity, and Safety of this Nation doth, under God, wholly consist and depend, The sail Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, do beseech their Majesties that it may be enacted, established and declared, That the Crown and regal Government of the said Kingdoms and Dominions, wit' all and singular the Premises thereunto belonging and appertaining, shall be and continue to their said Ma j.cfties, and the Survivor of them, during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them: And that th in tyre, perfect, and full Exercise of the regal Power and Government be only in, and executed by his Majesty, in the Names of both their Majesties during their joint Lives; and after their Deceases the fai Crown and Premises shall be and remain to the Heirs of the Body of her Majesty; for Default of fuc Issue, to her Royal Highness the Prineefs Anne of Denmark, and the Heirs of her Body; and for Default such Iflire, to the Heirs of the Body of his said Majesty: And thereunto the said Lords Spiritual an Temporal, and Commons, do, in the Name of all the People aforesaid, most humbly and faithfully fub init themselves, their Heirs and Posterities for ever; and do faithfully promise, That they will stand tc maintain, and defend their said Majesties, and also the Limitation and Succession of the Crown herein specified and contained, to the utmost of their Powers, with their Lives and Estates, against all Perform whatsoever, that shall attempt anything to the contrary.

p ipifls debarred ' IX and whereas it hath been found by Experience, that.it is inconsistent with the Safety and Welfarl the Crown. ' of this Protestant Kingdom, to be governed by a Popish Prince, or by any King or Queen marrying Papist; 'said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, do further pray that it may be enatftec That all and every Person and Persons that is, are, or shall be reconciled to, or shall hold Communio with the See or Church of Rome, or shall profess the Popish Religion, or shall many a Papist, shall fc

excludec

442

Allegiance.

Supremacy.

4f3

A.D. 1689. Anno primo Guglielmi & Mariae. Set. 2. C 3 — 6.

Excluded, and be for ever incapable to inherit, possess, or enjoy the Crown and Government of this Realm, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, or any Part of the same, or to have, use, or ejcercifc any regal Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction within the same; and in all and every such Case or Cases lhe People of these Realms shall be, and are hereby absolved of their Allegiance; and the said Crown and Government shall from time to time defeend to, and be enjoyed by such Person or Persons, being Protestanfs, as should have inherited and enjoyed the same, in case the said Person or Persons so reconciled, holding Communion, or professing, or marrying as aforesaid, were naturally dead.

X. And that every King and Queen of this Realm, who, at any Time hereafter shall come to and All Kings, succeed in the Imperial Crown of this Kingdom, shall on the first Day of the Meeting of the first Parliament, next after his or her coming to the Crown, sitting in his or her Throne in the house of Peers, fan, in the Presence of the Lords and Commons therein assembled, or at his or her Coronation, before such C i.

Person or Persons who shall administer the Coronation Oath to him or her, at the Time of his or her

taking the said Oath (which shall first happen) make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the Declaration mentioned in the Statute made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists fr om sitting in either House of Parliament. But if it shall happen, that such King or Queen, upon his or her Succession to If under twelve the Crown of this Realm, shall be under the Age of twelve Years, then every such Kingor Queen shall the

make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the said Declaration at his or her Coronation, or the first Day of the^'mac^ctr Meeting of the first Parliament as aforesaid, which shall first happen after such King or Queen shall have thereof, attained the said Age of twelve Years.

XI. All which their Majesties are contented and pleased shall be declared, enacted, and established by Klns3 nt Authority of this present Parliament, and shall stand, remain, and be the Law of this Realm for ever; ana

the same are by their said Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, declared, enacted, and established accordingly.

XII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after this present Non obpante'* Session of Parliament, no Dispensation by Non objiante of or to any Statute, or any Part thereof, shall bema e v01'allowed, but that the same shall be held void and of no Effect, except a Dispensation be allowed of in such

Statute, and except in such Cases as shall be specially provided for by one or more Bill or Bills to be passed during this present Session of Parliament.

XIII. Provided that no Charter, or Grant, or Pardon, granted before the three and twentieth Day of p«dons exceptea October in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred^eighty nine, shall be any ways impeached or in before October' validated by this Act, but that the lame shall be and remain of the same I orce and Effect in Law, and no other than as if this Act had never been made. Farther pr/rvign:

concerning Succcjpon of the Crown, 12 TV. 3. C 3, 13 JW. 3. f. o.

CAP. III (37j

An Act for preventing all Doubts and Questions concerning the coliefling the public Revenue. E r'*

CAP. IV (38.)

An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their majesty's Service, and for punishing faife Musters.

EXP.

CAP. V (39.)

An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an additional Aid of twelve Pence in the Pound for one Year. EXP,

CAP. VI (40.)

An Act for the charging and collecting the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Customhouse.

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the collecting of the Duty arising to your Majesties by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, by way ef Excise, upon the Liquors of Coffee, Chocolate, and Tea, is not only very troublesome and unequal upon the Retailers of those Liquors, but requireth such Attendance of Officers, as makes the neat Receipt very inconsiderable: For Re Burn, V i, 3 31.*medy thereof, '

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, with the Advice and Consent of Afo for co! the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au luting Exdic thority of the same, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September 011s thousand six hundred and ninety, so much of every Act of Parliament as concerns and requires the collecting the respective Duties thjrcavrvhu by any of those Acts, by way of Excise, upon any of the Liquors aforesaid, shall cease and determine; and ais repeakt.

3 L 2 so

444 C y — 9. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. Sefl". 2. A.D. 1689.

See 4 & <; w. & muc^ of every of the said Acts as requires the collecting of the said Duty, by way of Excise, shall hereby M. C 5., 3. be, and are repealed, as to that part only that requires such Collection.

& 7 W. 3. C 7, 9& io'w. 3. C r. 12 & 13 W. 3. C u. 3 & 4 Anna?, C 4. 6 Aiinae, C 22, 7 Ann, C 7, §. 26. 10 Ann, C 26. 3 Geo. t. C 71 i 10 o. o. t. C 10, 12 Geo. 1. c. 23. 29. 4 Geo. 2. c. 14. 18 Geo. 2. c. 26. The Duties upon Costee, Sec. to be collected at the Customhouse.

Half Duty on cjoftee after 25 March 1693. during this A discharged by 4 & 5 W, & M. C 5 §.13. One Pound of Coconuts imported from English Plantations 6 d. from other Countries, 8 d. One Pound of Tea is. One Pound Weight of Chocolate ready made 1 s. All to be paid above Duties charged in the Book ofrates. Penalty fur Nonpayment. Two Thirds repaid upon Exportation. Nutmegs, chow imported. See 8 Geo. 1. 0, 15, 17.

CAP. VII (41j

EXP

An Act for Review of the late Poll granted to their Majesties, and for an additional Poll, towards the re 1 ducing of Ireland.

CAP. VIII (429

An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing in their, Majesties, or for their Service.

EXP.

r

EXP,

WHEREAS about the Time of his Majesty's glorious Enterprise, for delivering this Kingdom from Popery and Arbitrary Power, and in Aid and Pursuance of the same, diverse Lords, Gentle men, and other good People, well affected to their Country, did aft as Lieutenants, Deputy lieutenants, ' Justices of the Peace, Or other Officers, civil or military, though not sufficiently authorised thereunto, ' and did apprehend and put into Custody several criminous and suspected Persons, and did seize and use diverse Horses, Arms, and other Things, and did enter into the Hotifes and Possessions of several Per

and did quarter, and cause to be quartered, Soldiers and others there; in which Proceedings same Force and Violence, and Defect of Form was unavoidable, which in a Time of Peace and common Safety would not have been warrantable: And also since their Majesties happy Accession to the Crown, ' by reason of the Wars and Troubles raised and occasioned by the Enemies of their Majesties and this Kingdom, diverse like Matters and Things have been acted and done, all which were necessary and allowable in regard of the Exigence of public Affairs, and ought to bejuftified, and the Parties concerned therein indemnified: Nevertheless, fonre Persons ill affected to their Majesties Government, and the Safety and Welfare of this Kingdom, have commenced and prosecuted, and threaten to commence and prosecute Actions and Suits against their Majesties good Subjects, for and by reason of their Aftings and Doings

aforesaid: Therefore for the preventing the Trouble and Charges which the said good Subjects might be put to by the Means of such vexatious Suits, &c.'

CAP. IX (43.)

An Act for the better Security and Relief of their Majesties Protestant Subjects of Ireland.

WHEREAS the Kingdom of Ireland is (swell by the Laws of this Kingdom, as those of Ireland) annexed and united to the Imperial Crown of England, and all Acts, judgements. Sentences, Orders, Decrees, or other Proceedings, of what Kind soever, there had, made, or done, without or against the Authority of the Kings or Queens of this Kingdom of England, are absolutely null and void; and all Persons in Ireland that oppose or submit not to the Government of the Crown of this Realm, ' are Rebels, and guilty of High Treason; notwithstanding which, several Persons, since the happy Ac ' C ffion of their Majesties King William and Queen Mary to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, have been lately assembled at or near the City of Dublin in the Kingdom of Ireland, without any Authority from their said Majesties, pretending to be, or calling themselves by the Name of a Parliament, and in such Assembly have made and passed several pretended Acts or Statutes, in manifestopposition to the £ Sovereignty, and to the inherent Rights and Dignities of the Crown of this Realm, and to the general Prejudice and Violation of the Rights and Properties of their Majesties good Subjects of that Kingdom: And although all the said Proceedings are absolutely null and void in themselves, yet nevertheless, for the more plain and express declaring and asserting the Sovereignty, Rights, and Dignities of the Crown of England, and for the clearing all Doubts, and quieting the Minds of their Majesties good Subjects of that Kingdom, as also for the remedying, preventing, and avoiding the several Mischiefs and Inconveniences intended by this Act to be provided against, is'cd

SESSI01

44 5

SESSIO PR IMA.

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI & MARINE secundo.

At the Parliament held at Westminster the twentieth Day of March 1689.

CAP. I.

a The former

Editions hue it the twentieth of Miy 1000.

An Act for Recognising King William and Queen Mary, and for avoiding all Questions touching the Acts made in the Parliament assembled at Westminster, the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight.

WE your majesty's most humble and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com kin? and

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, do betech your most excellent Majesties, that it may r'c0b" be published and declared in this High Court of Parliament, and enacted by Authority of the same, thatni'l'we do recognise and acknowledge, your Majesties were, are, and of Right ought to be, by the Laws of this Realm, our Sovereign Liege Lord and Lady King and Queen of England, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, in and to whose princely Persons the Royal State, Crown and Dignity of the said Realms, with all honours, Styles, Titles, Regalities, Prerogatives, 'powers, Jurisdictions, and Authorities to the same belonging and appertaining, are most fully, rightfully, and entirely invested and incorporated, united and annexed.

II. And for the avoiding of all Disputes and Questions concerning the Being and Authority of the late Laid Parlo parliament assembled at Westminster the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight, !T; cnt we do most humbly beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's and o: i' queen's most excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Acts made and mailed in the said Parliament were and are Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, and as such ought to be reputed, taken, and obeyed by all the People of this Kingdom.

CAP. II.

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the reducing of Ireland, and prosecuting the exp,

War against France.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting to their Majesties for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

THE Commons assembled in Parliament, duly considering how much it conduceth to the Safety, Peace, and Prosperity of a Kingdom, that the public Revenue thereof be in some measure proportionable to the public Charges, and with Thankfulness and admiration calling to Remembrance his Majesty's glorious and successful Undertaking for the Deliverance of the People of this Nation from Popery, and Arbitrary Power, have unanimously giv.n and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto their Majesties (whom Ctol long preserve) the several Rates, Impositions, Duties, and Charges upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors, mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majestfs Revenue during his Life, and thereby granted to the said King for his Life (except such, and so much of them, concerning which it is otherwise provided or ordained by any Act made in the last Parliament) and do most humbly beseech their Majesties that it may be enacted:

And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors aforesaid, be levied, collected, and paid unto their Majesties, during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in the same Manner and Form, and at such Places, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, expressed, and directed m and by the said Act; and also in and by another Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An Additional Alt for the better ordering and collesling the Duty of Excise, and preventing the Abitfes therein, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to the said Revenue of exci(e; and that the aforesaid Acts, and every Article, Rule, and Clause therein mentioned,

hall be of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, during their Majesties Live; and the Life of the Survivor of them, in like Manner as if the same were particularly and at large recited and set down in the Body of this Act.

' III

12 Car, 2, C

Rates upon Eeer, C given by 15 Car. C 23. now given to the King anti Queen for their Lives.

1 3 Car. 2. C 11. Further continued by 1 Ann. flat. 1. C 7.

1 Geo. 1. flat, s, C K. and perpetuated by 1 Geo. 1. ft. c. 12. Manner of Levying.

446 C 4, 5. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. Ses. 1. A.D. 1690

Burn, ir. 1.336. 4 IIT. And whereas their Majesties are contented and pleased that it be enabled, That the Rates, Impo

fitions, Duties, anl Charges by this ah given and granted to 'hem as aforesaid, should be made a Fund of Credit for the raising a Sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand Sounds, towards the reducing of behind, and carrying on the present War against the French King, not doubting but that their good Subjects (in whole Love and dutiful Affections their Majesties are firmly persuaded^the Strength and Glory of the Crown doth principally consist) will in due Time make Provision for the taking off and

ieftwdic a" ' charging the id Anticipations: l'e it therefore enacted, cs'c.

EXP.

given to their successors ti: 1 December 1^9-. Clause of" Credit for 250, 000 1. at 8 percent. 'Ihrce Parts in four to be kept apart fythe Commissioners of the Excise till December 1693, an Money to be paid weekly into the Exchequer. Power given to the King o settle 20, 000 1. per Annum upon pun cefsanne. Their Majesties may settle io, ooool. per Annum upon Prince George, See. if Trine As Anne die before their majest.e.,

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money u Car, z. C 4. payable upon Merchandizes Exported and imported. Continued by 6 W. & M. cap. I. for five Tears.

II. Car. z. Tonnage and Poundage given to the King for four Years. Several Acts continued for tour Years,

i & 14 Car. 2. Clause of Credit for 500, 000*"/. at 8 percent.

EXP.

C 11. 22 Car. 2. C 13. 25 Car. 2. C 6. 25 Car. 2. C 7. ijac. 2. C 19.

CAP. V.

An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent, in case the Rent be not paid in a

reasonable Time.

Goods distrained for Rent may be appraised and sold.

Farther provided for by S Ann. C 14.

11 Geo. 2. C 19

Corn loefe, Arc. may be detained and ibid.

1 da for

breach. V 213. !W 32l.

WHEREAS the moil ordinary and ready Way for Recovery of Arrears of Rent is by Distress, yet such Distrcffcs not being to be sold, but only detained as Pledges for enforcing tiic Payment of such Rent, the Persons distraining have little Benefit thereby For the Remedying whereof,

II. Be it enacted and ordained by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Te r poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, aid by the authority of the same, That from arrd after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety, that where any Goods or Chattels shall be distrained for any Rent reserved amd due upon any Demise, Lease, or Contrast whatsoever, and the Tenant or Owner of the Goods so distrained shall not within five Days next after such Distress taken, and Notice thereof (with the Cause of such Taking) left at the chief mansion house, or other most notorious Place on the premises charged with the Rent distrained for, replevy the same, with sufficient Security to be given to the Sheriff according to Law, that then in such Case, after such Distress and Notice as aforesaid, and Expiration of the said five Days, the Person distraining shall and miy, with the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the County, or with the Constable of the Hundred, Parish, or Place where such Distress shall be taken (who are hereby required to be aidi g and assisting the rein) cause the Goods and Chattels so distrained to be appraised by two sworn Appraisers (whom such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Constable are hereby II powered to swear) to appraise the same truly, according to the belt of their Understandings; and after such ap praiiement shall and may lawfully sell the Goods and Chattels so distrained for the best Price can be gotten for the same, towards Satisfaction of the Rent for which the said Goods and Chattels shall be distrained, and of the t barges of such dnrefs, Appraisment, and Sale, leaving the Overplus (if any) in the Hands of the said Sheriff', Under Sheriff, or confuble, for the owner's Use.

III. And whereas no Sheaves or Cocks of Corn loose or in the Straw, or Hay in any Barn, or Gra' 4 nary, or on any Hove], Stack, or Rick, can by the Law be deft rained, or otherwise secured for Rent, whereby Landlords are often Times coufened and deceived by their Tenants, who sell their Corn, Grain, and Hay to Strangers, and remove the same from the Premises chargeable with such Rent, and thereby avoid the Payment of the same; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for remedying the said Practice and Deceit, it shall and may, from and after the said first Day of June, be lawful to and for any Person or Persons having Rent arrear, and due upon any such Demise, Lease, or Contrail as aforesaid, to seize and secure any Sheaves or Cocks of Corn, or Corn loose or in the Straw, or Hay lying or being in any Barn or Granary, or upon any Hovel, Stack, or Rick, or otherwise upon any Part of the Land or Ground charged with such Rent, and to lock up or detain the same in the Place where the same shall! be found, for or in the Nature of a L'ifirefs, until the same shall be replevied upon such Security to be given as aforesaid; in Default of replevying the same as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, to sell the same after such Appraisment thereof to be made; so as nevertheless such Corn, Grain, or Hay so distrained as aforesaid, be not removed by the Person or Persons distraining, to the Damage of the Owner thereof, out of the Place where the same shall be found, and i'eized, but be kept there (as im r pounded) until the same shall be replevied, or sold in Default of replevying the same within the Time aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon any pound breach or Refcous of Goods or Chattels distrained for Rent, the Person or Persons grieved thereby shall, in a special Action upon the Case for the Wrong thereby sustained, recover his and their treble Damages and Costs of Suit against the Offender or Offenders in any such Refcous or pound breach, any or either of them, or against i the

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Guglielmi & Marta;. sect. 1. C 6 — 8. 447

the Owners of the Goods distrained in case the same be afterwards found to have come to his Use or possession.'

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Dirt refs and Sale, as aforesaid, rouuc Da shall be made by Virtue or Colour of this present Act for Rent, pretended to be arrear and due, where in" .^ Truth no Rent is arrear or due to the Person or Persons distraining, or to hi 1 or them in whole Namew "ol'grf1j"o; r. or Names, or Right, such Distress shall be taken as aforesaid, that then tyre Owner of such Goods or trainer. Chattels distrained and sold as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators, lh.ill and may, by Action of 52 m 3- C K Trespass, or upon the Case, to be brought against the Person or Persons so distraining, any or either of 'i them, his or their Executors or Administrators, recover double of the Value of the Goods or Chattles fo1, c'j 1 distrained and sold, together with full Costs of Suit.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty during his Majesty's Absence. EXP. iw.tm. IT. 2.

CAP. VII.

An Act to declare the Right and Freedom of Eieftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports.

WHEREAS the Eieftion of Members to serve in Parliament ought to be free; and whereas the late Lord Wardens of the Cinque Ports have pretended unto, and claimed as of Right, a Power of nominating and recommending to each of the said Cinque ports, the two ancient Towns, and their; respective Members, one Person whom they ought to elect to serve as a Baron or Member of Parliament for such respective Port, ancient Town, or Member, contrary to the ancient Usage, Right, and Freedom of Elections:

II. Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and withreeommrr.da the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af '0n3ot Mem -- fumbled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Nominations or Recommendations were and arecdiqu'c purts contrary to the Laws and Constitutions of this Realm, and for the future shall be so deemed and constru vojj. ed, and hereby are declared to have been and are void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Pr farther prowl tence to the contrary notwithstanding. fan: relating n

Parliament, 5 6 WM. C 7. f. 37. & C 20 /. 48. 6 V M. C 2. 7 TV. 3. C 4. 7 S JV. 3. c. 7, 15 25. iosf n IV 3. C 7. 11 & \2 IV 3

c. 2. 12 & J 3 TV. 3. c. 3 10. 2 S' 3 Ann. C 18. 6 Ann. C 7 & 23.9 Ann. C 5. 10 Ann. C 19 23. 1 Geo. 1. c. 38 ct 56. 2 Geo. 2. 24. 6 Geo.

2. C 23. S Geo. 2. c. 30.9 Geo. 2. c. 38. 11 Geo. 2. c. 24. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for reversing the Judgement in a Quo Warranto against the City of London, and for restoring the City of London to its ancient Rights and Privileges.

WHEREAS a Judgement was given in the Court of King's Bench in or about Trinity Term, in the five and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, upon an Informa tion in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, exhibited in the said Court against the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, that the Liberty, Privilege, and Franchise of the said Mayor and I ' Commonaly and Citizens, being a Body Politic and Corporate, should be seized into the King's ' Hands as forfeited: And forasmuch as the said Judgement, and the Proceedings thereupon, is and were illegal and arbitrary; and for that the restoring of the fa: d Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, to their ancient Liberties, of which they had been deprived, tends very much to the Peace and good Settlement of this Kingdom

II. Be it declared and enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the judgement Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af against the sembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Judgement given in the said Court of King's Bench wold in the said Trinity Term, in the five and thirtieth Year of the Reign of tpe said King Charles the Second,

or in any other Term, and all and ewry oth r J idgment given or recorded in the said Court, for the seizing into the said late King's Hand, the Liberty, Privilege, or Franchise of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of being of themselves a Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of The Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, 'and by that Name to plead and be impleaded, and to answer and to be answered, or in what Manner or Words soever such Judgement was entered, is, shall be, and are hereby reversed, annulled, and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 3 and that Vacates be entered upon the Rolls of the said Judgement, for the Vacating and Reversal. of the same accordingly.

III. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Common london made a. alty and Citizens of the City of London, shall and may for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be, and Corporation, prescribe to be, a Body Corporate and Politic, in re fadto & nomine, by the Name of Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, 'and by that Name, and all and every, other Name and Names

44-8

Their Liberties regranled them,

ca its since the Judgement veld.

Process in the mayor's Court, C good.

Per Tonnes not qualified liable.

Officers at the T: me of the j'nl'irnent ccjifi.nicd.

Leases made since the Judgment, good.

jwd/rrents lor ihi c.ty gocul.

Names of Incorporation, by which they at any Time before the said Judgement were ineorporatrd, to sue plead, and be impleaded, and to answer and to be a offered, without any Seizure or Forejudger of the said Ftanchife, Liberty, and Privilege, or being thereof excluded or oubed, for or upon any Pretence of any Forfeiture or Misdemeanour at any Time heretofore, or hereafter to be done, committed, or fufter CD and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, shall and may, as by Law they ought, peaceably have and enjoy all and every their Rights, Gifts, Charters, Grants, Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Cuboms, Usages, Consticutions, Prescriptions, Immunities, Adarkets, Duties, Tolls, Land., Tenements, Lbates, and hereditaments whatsoever, which they lawfully had, or had lawful Right, Title, or Interest of, in, or to, at the Time of the recording or giving the Lid Judgement, or at the Time or Times of the said pretended Forfeitures.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Charters, Letters Patents, and Grants, for incorporating the Citizens and Commonalty of the said City, or any of them, and all Charters, Grants, Letters Patents and Commissions, touching or concerning any of their Liberties cr Franchises, or the Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Immunities, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Rigths, Titles, or Ebates of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, made or granted to any person or Persons whatsoever, by the late King Charles the Second, since the said Judgement given, or by the late King James the Second, be and are hereby declared and adjudged null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. Provided nevertheless, That no Recoveries, Verditbs, Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances, Inqu: btions, Indictments, Preferments, Informations, Decrees, Sentences, Executions, nor any Plaints, Pro;

; or Proceedings in I aw or Equity, had, made, given, taken, or done, or depending in the mayor's or either of the Sheriffs Courts, or any other Court within the said City or Liberties thereof, since the said Judgement given, shall be avoided for Want or Defeb of any legal Power in those that abed as Judge:, subices, Officers or Mini bars of, in, or as belonging to any of the said Courts; but that all and every such Recoveries, Verdibs, Judgments, and other Things abovementioned, and the Abings, Doings, and Proceedings thereupon, shall be of such and no other Force, Effeb, and Virtue, than as if such Judges, subices, Officers, and Minibers had abed by Virtue of legal Authority; and that no Person or Persons shall be in any wise prosecuted, sued, impeached, or molebed for any Cause or Thing by him or them lawfully abed or done, in Pursuance of any such Charters, Letters Patents, Grants, or commissions.

VI. Provided, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person or Persons from any Penalty or Penalties, or Forfeitures by him or them incurred, for not duly qualifying him or themselves to ab upon the said Charters, Letters Patents, Grants, or Commissions.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Minibers of the said City, that rightfully held any Office or Place in the said City or Liberties thereof, or in the Borough of Southwark, at the Time whan the said Judgement was given, are hereby confirmed, and shall have and enjoy the same as fully as they held them at the Time of the said Judgement given; except such as have voluntarily surrendered any such Office or Place, or have been removed for any jub Cause; and that every Person who, since the said Judgement given, hah been chosen, admitted, and placed into any Office or Employment within the said City, upon the Death, Surrender, or Removal as aforesaid, of the former Officer, biall he and is hereby confirmed in his said Office or Employment, and brail have and enjoy the lame in as full and ample Manner, as if he had been admitted or placed therein according to the ancient Customs of the said City.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Leases and Grants of any of the Lands, I enements, Hereditaments, and other Thiirgs, before the lime of the said Judgement g veil, belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and citiz.ns, and usually leased or granted by them, made since the Time of the said Judgement giveh by the said late King Charles the Second, or King James the Second, or by any Person or Persons taking upon them to be Trubees for the said City, for the 1 reservation or Maintenance of the Government or public Offices of the said City:, by or upon Pretence of any Grant or Vommission by their said late Majebics, King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, or either of them, such Grants and Leases being made for jub, good, and valuable consider ations, and whereupon the old acctibomed yearly Rent, or more hath been reserved, payable into the Chamber or bridge house, r r any of the Hespitals of the said City, shall be as good and valid for the Terms, and under the Rents, Payments, Provisoes, Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements therein respectively contained, againb the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, and their successors, as if the same had been made by the m..yor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, under their Common Seal, and the said Judgement had never been given, and not otherwise. And the said Mayor and Commonalty; m.d. Citizens, and their Successors, brail have the Benefit and Advantage of all Rents, Reservations, Payments, Conditions, Covenants, Clauses, and Agreements in every: such Grant r or Lease contained, and the like Remedy for nonpayment, Breach, or non obb rvanee thereof, as if tyre said Grants or Leases had been made by the said. Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said Rents, Payments, Conditions, Covenants, Clauses, and Agreements had been made payable, reserved, i covenacted, or agreed to and with the said Mayor and con monalty and Citizens.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Judgments, Decrees, and Sentences had or obtained by any Person or Persons taking upon them to be Trubees as aforesaid, for or concerning any Lands, Tenements, Duties, Tolls, and Interebs whatsoever, of or belonging to the said Mayor and 3 Commonalty

o.

s

44f.>

Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, shall stand and remain in Force, and shall be prosecuted and executed by, and to and for the Use of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, as if the same had been obtained in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and that all Persons being natural born Subjects or Denizens, that have been admitted into the Freedom of the said City, since the pfct(j01t. said Judgement given, shall be free thereof, and have and enjoy the said Freedom to al Intents and Purpo gcod. fes, as if they had been thereunto admitted before the said Judgement given.

X Provided always, That the present Mayor, Sheriffs, Chamberlain, and Common Council of the Mayor, &c. ?> said City, shall continue, until a new Election shall be made of such Officers, and the Persons elected

sworn into their respective Offices, and that such new Election be made at the Times hereafter mention LW^ed; that is to say, the Election of the Mayor, and Sheriffs, and Chamberlain, shall be made on the six and twentieth Day of May in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety; and the Election of the Common Council shall be made on the tenth Day of June in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety; and such Persons lo elected shall continue till the usual Times of Election of such Officers, according to the ancient Usage and Custom of the said City, and from thence shall continue for the Year ensuing.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if the Mayor, Sheriffs, Chamberlain, and Com old Mayor, mon Council, shall not be elected at the Times hereby limited, the Mayor, sheriff's, Chamberlain, andno Common Council, which wrere in being at the Time of the said Judgement given, shall be and continue 01 ' inuhofe respective Offices and Places, till new Elections be made of the like Officers and Common Council, according to the ancient Usage and Custom of the said City.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons so to be restored and continued, shall be and are heren

by required to take the Oaths appointed by a certain Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, the new intituled, An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, the Oaths.

next Term after such Restitution, under the Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, and Incapacities in the 1 WM. feir. said Act provided and appointed. i. c.p.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Chamberlain, so to be elected, shall be sworn Mayor, C

in usual Manner on or before the twentieth Day of June next ensuing. sworn as ufuat.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the several Companies and Companies Corporations of the said City hall from henceforth stand and be incorporated by such Name and Names, restored. and in such Sort and Manner, as they respectively were at the Time of the said Judgement given, and every of them are hereby restored to all and every the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, R'ghts, Titles,

Estates, Liberties, Powers, Privileges, Precedences, and Immunities, which they lawfully had and enjoyed at the Time of giving the said Judgement; and that as well all Surrenders, as Charters, Letters Patents, and Grants for new incorporating any of the said Companies, or touching or concerning any of their Liberties, Privileges, or Franchises, made or granted by the said late King James, or by the said King Chari s the Second, since the giving of the said Judgement, shall be void, and are hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Provided nevertheless, That no person or Persons shall be in any wise prosecuted, sued, impeached, or molested for any Cause or Thing by him or them lawfully acted or done in pursuance of any such Charters, Letters Patents, or Grants.

XV. Provided also nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Leases made Leases, Terms, and Estates made or granted by any of the said Companies since the giving of the said Imre the Judgement, for just and valuable Considerations, and whereupon the old accustomed yearly Rents, or j'ldsm; !nt more, arereferved, shall stand, and be of the same Force and Effect, as if the same had been made or e°od' granted by the said several Companies as hereby restored; the said respective Companies and their Successors

shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Rents, Reservations, Payments, Conditions, Covenants,

Clauses, and Agreements, in all and every such Lease or Grant contained, and the like Remedy therefore,

'as if the same Grants and Leases had been made by the said respective Companies as now restored, and the said Rents, Payments, Conditions, Covenants, Clauses, and Agreements had been made payable, reserved, sovenacted, and agreed to or with them respectively.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who at any Time since Freedoms he said Judgement have been admitted into the Freedoms, or into the Liveries of the said Companies, good, iccording to the Usages and Customs of the said City, and their respective Companies, shall be and en

ay all the Rights and Privileges of a Freeman and of a Liveryman, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they tad been admitted before the said Judgement.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act of Parlia Public Act, nent shall be accepted, taken, and reputed to be a general and public Act of Parliament; of which all

ind every the Judge and Judges of this Kingdom in all Courts shall take Notice on all Occasions whatso; ver, as if it were a public Act of Parliament relating to the whole Kingdom; anything herein con ained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A P. IX' - '

An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

WHEREAS the Importation of some sorts of Thrown Silk into this Realm is greatly prejudicial i9 h. 7. en.

to the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures thereof, and tends very much to the impover 136? 14. Car. z thing great Numbers of Artificers, whose Livelyhood and Subsistence depends upon the Throwing off'5 vol. III'3 M ' Raw

12 Car, 2, C 18.

Thrown Silk no Manufacture within 12 Car. 2. C is.

Thrown Silk how to be imported.

Penalty,

Thrown Silk from Italy,

Thrown Silk from India, Sec. See t; & 6 W.

& M. C 3. Farther pro vifiens relating 2 Geo. 2. c. 17.

a The former Editions have it December,

EXP.

The Power of Admiral may be executed by Comraifitcners,

C 1, 2. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. Ses. 2. A.D. 1690.

Raw, Silk, and if longer permitted, may endanger the overthrowing of that Art or Mystery in this Nati nn: And whereas of late great Quantities of 1 brown Silk have been imported from several Parts and Places in Europe, which are not the Places of its Growth or Production, and thereby the true Intent and Meaning of the Act made in the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, is evaded For the Prevention of which mischiefs, a'n'l for the better Encouraging the several Manufactures of this Kingdom, and of that useful and national Trade into Turkey, and the better suppor.ing the Art of Throwing Silk in this Realm, and the Poor therein employed

II. Be it declared and enacted by the King's and Queen's most excellent Majesties, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Throwing of Silk is not, nor ought to be construed, a Manufacture within (he Intention of the said Act, for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; and that no Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production ox Turkey, perfta, east-india, or China, or of any other Country or Place (except only such Thrown Silk, as is or shall be of the Growih or Production of Italy, Sicily, or the Kingdom of 'naples, and which shall be imported in such Ships or vessels, and navigated in such Manner, as in the said Act of Navigation is directed or allowed, and brought from some of the Ports of those Countries or Places, whereof the same is of the Growth or Production, and which shall come directly by Sea, and not otherwise) shall at any Time after the five and twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety, be brought or imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, the Islands of Jersey or gv.ernfey, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; under the Penalty and Forfeiture of all such Thrown Silk, so imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of the King's and Queen's Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Action, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

III. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend to any Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Italy, Sicily, or Kingdom of Naples, that shall be brought in, or imported into England, otherwise than by this Act is directed, at or before the first Day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety, and which shall be proved by the Oath of the Party, his Servant or Agent, to whom the same doth belong or appertain, to have been grovided and bought by his and their Order from England, in some Part or Place in Italy, Sicily, or the Kingdom of Naples, at or before the first Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety; which said Oath the Commissioners of the Customs, or any two of them, for the Time bung, are hereby empowered to administer.

IV. Provided always, That no Thrown Silk, laden in India, Persia, or China, to be imported into England, on or before the twentieth Day of September, one thousand six hundred ninety one, shall be liable to any Forfeiture by Virtue of this Act; anything to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

hentol6&7 W. V C 18.: 8 £?9W. 3. c. 36.9 & 10 tk 3. C 30 & 43. 5 Ann. C la, 6 Am. C j9. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. ygco.i. c.s.

23 Geo. 2. c. 9. & 20. and 26 Geo. 2. c. 21.

CAP. X

An Act for the King's and Queen's moult Gracious, General, and Free Pardon.

SESSIO SECUNDA.

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI & mariie secundo.

At the Parliament held at Westminster, the twentieth Day of March a 1690.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred and two Pounds, eighteen Shillings.

CAP. II (12.)

An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

WHEREAS the Office of Lord High Admiral of England hath at sundry Times, and for several.

' been executed, and all the Authorities to the lame belonging exercised, by diverse Commissioner for that Purpose appointed by their Majesties and the late Kings, but of late some

' Doubt hath risen, whether certain Authorities belonging to the said Office of Lord High Admiral did or

do of Right belong to, and might, may, or ought to have been or be exercised by such Commissioners for the Time being: Now for avoiding all such Doubts and Questions,

II. Be it declared and enacted by the King's and Queen's most excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and Angular Authorities, juxi(dictions, and Powers,

which

3

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. Seffi 2. C 3, 4. 451

which by any Act of Parliament or otherwise have been, and are lawfully veiled, settled, and placed in the Lord High Admiral of England for the Time being, have always appertained to, and of Right might have! been, and may, and shall be had, enjoyed, used, exercised, and executed by the Commissioners for executing the Office of High Admiral of England for the Time being, according to their Commissions, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Commissioners were Lord High Admiral of England.

III. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be taken, or construed to extend, to This Aa give, give or allow to the Lord High Admiral, or to the Commissioners for executing the 'Office of Lord High Adno nbw ivlc; miral, any other Authority, Jurisdiction, or Power, than the Lord High Admiral lawfully had, or might

have had, used and exercised, if this Act had not been made.

IV. Provided always, C < ' This Clause directing the Oath to be taken by Officers, upon Trials is re. by 22 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. III (13.)

An Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one

Year. "

CAP. IV (14.; '

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manutadures, and upon all wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandise, to be. imported after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and

ninety.

Most Gracious Sovereigns,

THE Commons assembled in Parliament, for a further Supply of your Majesties present Occasions, inhmpost. 1690.

the necessary Defence of your. Realms, the perfect reducing of Ireland, and the eft eftual pr.ofecuti ' an, c19. on of the War again! France, have given and granted, and hereby give and grant unto your Majesties the.|jltj, ercontinu. additional and other Rates, Impositions, Duties, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and mer ed by s Ann, chandize to be imported into this your Majesties Kingdom, herein after expressed, during such Time, and and made perpe in such Manner and Form, as herein after followeth: And do humbly pray your Majesties. that it may betual by9 Anna,

enacted; CL

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Canlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be answered and paid to their, Majesties. and their successors, for the several Goods and merchandizes hereafter mentioned, over and above all Impositions, Duties and Charges already imposed and payable upon and for the same, the further Rates and Duties following, 'viz.,

III. For all Caliicoes, and all o her Indian Linen and for all wrought Silks, and other Manufactures Cailico altered of India and China (except Indigo] imported after, the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand 'J?45 Y'*six hundred and ninety, and before the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and nimty m'c' five, twenty Pounds for every hundred Pounds value thereof.

IV. For all

wrought silks imported within the Time aforesaid, any other Place, ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value thereof.

V For all Raw Silks imported within the Time aforesaid, from China or from the East Indies, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value thereof.

VI. For all Linen imported within the Time aforesaid, from any Parts from whence the same may, be Linen altered

by Law imported (other than Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of the spar.ish. Netherlands, or of the Unitedly 4 & 5 w & not exceeding an English Ell and half quarter in Breadth) one Moiety over and above what is LVI C 5 already imposed upon the same in the Book of Rates.

VII. And for all Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of the Spanish Netherlands, or of the United Provinces,

of the Breadth of two Else or upwards, and under three Else, as much more as what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates, and of the Breadth of three Else or upwards, treble as much as what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates.,

VIII. And for all Deal Timber, or other Timber, Boards, Wainfeot, Pipe Staves, Box Wood, " and other Wood imported within the Time aforesaid from any Part of Europe (except Ireland) ten Pounds for every hundred rounds Value thereof, above what is charged thereupon in the Book of Rates.

IX. For every Tonne of Hempleed Oil, Rape Oil, and other Seed Oil, imported after the five.and twentieth

Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and before the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, eight Pounds; and foin proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity of the respective Goods and Merchandise before mentioned.

X For every hundred Weight of Hops, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported from foreign Parts after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand..six hundred and ninety, and before the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, twenty Shillings, over and above what the same are charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lefief quantity.!

For Reduction of these Duties see 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. §. 15.

jraifins 1001. Value after 25

XI. For every hundred Weight of Pepper, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported after the said five and twentieth Day of December, and before the said tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, twenty-eight Shillings, over and above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; one third Part of the said Duty charged upon Pepper to be paid down, and Bond to be given for Payment of the Residue at the End of twelve Months, or else to discount after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, on paying down the whole Duty.

XI. f. For every hundred Pound Value of Grocery Wares and Druggs (other than Pepper and Liquorice, larch 16'which are hereby particularly charged; and also except Currans, Sugar, Tobacco, Mace, Cinnamon,

to pay but jl! b Nutmegs, an Cloves) imported after the said five and twentieth Day o December one thousand six hun 4 & 5 W. & m. dred and ninety, and before the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, ten C 5. §. jo. Pounds.

But new Duties

XIII. And for every hundred Pound Value of Currans imported within the Time aforesaid, five Pounds, Anndc'd by&sfi over anc ak°ve what the same are respectively charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion joti.whvof for any §reater or lcffer Quantity.

Currans after XIV For every Tonne of Iron wrought or unwrought, or cast (except Bushel Iron) imported from any March, 1693, foreign Parts after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and be to pay but 50s. fore the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, in any other Ship or Veiled^4*5 w. & tjlan such as are English built, and whereof the Mailer and three Fourths of the Mariners at the leaf! are'C j0, English, thirty-three Shillings.

XV. And for every Tonne of such Iron which shall be imported in such english built Ship or Vessel so navigated, three and twenty Shillings, over and above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity,

XVI. And for all sorts of foreign Iron Wire (except Card Wire, and all Sorts of Iron Wire fmalkr than the Sorts commonly called or known by the Names of Fine fine and Superfine, and all Wool Cards, or any other Wares made of Iron "Wire) to be imported between the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, there shall be paid for every hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, two and twenty Shillings and sixpence, and also the Duty mentioned in the Book of Rates; to be paid by the Importer, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; which Sorts of Iron Wire (except as aforesaid) it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to import within the Time aforesaid, and no longer; any Law, Statute, or Ufiige to the contrary norwithstandina;

XVII. And for all Sorts of Steel Wire imported within the Time aforesaid, the Sum of fourteen Shillings for every hundred Weight, containing as aforesaid, over and above the Duty charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any grater or lefier Quantity.

XVIII. And for every Iron Pot, and Iron kei.de, imported within the Time aforesaid, one Shilling and threepence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates.

XIX. For every small Back for Chimneys, imported within the Time aforesaid, one Shilling and twopence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates.

XX. For every large Back for Chimneys, imported within the Time aforesaid, two Shillings and fourpence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates.

XXI. For every hundred Weight of Iron slit or hammered into Rods, commonly known by the Name of Rod Iron, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, five Shillings, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

XXII. For every hundred Weight of frying pans, containing as aforesaid, imported within the Time aforesaid, four Shillings, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XXIII. For every hundred Weight of Steel, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, five Shillings and sixpence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XXIV. For every hundred Wieght of Anvils wrought, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, nine Shillings and threepence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XXV. For every hundred of single white or black Plates, imported within the Time aforesaid, four Shillings and fourpence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity.

XXVI. For every hundred of double white or black Plates, imported within the Time aforesaid, eight Shillings and eight Pence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XXVII. For every harness plate, or Iron double, imported within the Time aforesaid, one Shilling and fourpence, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates.

XXVIII For every hundred Weight of Iron drawn or hammered, less than three Quarters of an Inch Square, and all other Iron Ware manufactured, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, five Shillings, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates.

XXIX. Provided, That no manufactured Iron or Iron Ware, which by this Act is charged to pay by the Piece or hundred Weight, shall be liable to pay the Duty of thirty-three Shillings, or twenty-three Shillings by the Tonne, imposed by this Act. _ 1

a; 1 V XXX

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Guglielmi & Mariae. seit. 2. C 4.

XXX. And for every hundred Weight of Brass, Fatten, or Copper Wire, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, fifteen Shillings, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XXXI. For every Last of hemp seed, cole seed, and rape seed, imported after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and before the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, four Pounds, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates.

XXXII. For all Yarn of Flax or Hemp, other than Cable Yarn, imported af er the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and before the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five, an additional Duty of as much as what is now charged thereupon in the Book of Rates.

XXXIII For every hundred Weight of Cable Yarn, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Fime aforesaid, five Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of the said Seeds or Yarn.

XXXIV. For all Drinking Glasses and other Glass, and all Manufactures of Glass (except Rhenish and Muscovia Window Glass) imported within the Time aforesaid, three Shillings for every twenty Shillings Value thereof, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates.

XXXV. For every hundred Weight of Molofles, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds imported within the Time aforesaid, from any other Place than the English Plantations in America, eight Shillings, over and above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates.

XXVI. For every hundred Weight of Tallow, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, five Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XXXVII For every hundred Weight of Tallow Candles imported within the Time aforesaid, and containing one hundred and twelve Pounds ten Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XXXVIII For every Pound of Beaver Wool cut and combed, imported within the Time aforesaid (except Wool combed in ri/jjia, and imported from thence in English Ships) fifteen Shillings.

XXXIX. For every Barrel of pot ashes, containing two hundred Weight neat, imported within the Time aforesaid, eight Shillings, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and so proportionally for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XL For every hundred Weight of Cordage ready wrought, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, Imported within the Time aforesaid, five Shillings, over and above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XLI For every on of Olive Oil imported within the Time aforesaid, four Pounds above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XLII For all Paper imported within the Time aforesaid, the several Duties following, over and above what the same are reipeflively charged with in the Book of Rates (that is to say) for every Ream of Royal Paper two Shillings; for every "Ream of Blue Paper, Demy Paper, and painted Paper, one Shilling and sixpence; for every Bundle of Brown Paper twopence; and for all other Paper so imported, as much more as what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates.

XLIII For every hundred Weight of Liquorice, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, eighteen Shillings and eight Penee, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and so proportionally for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XLI V And for every such hundred Weight of liquorice powder imported within the Time aforesaid, one Pound seventeen Shillings and fourpence.

XLV. And for every Pound Weight of Juice of Liquorice imported within the Time aforesaid, one Shilling, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XLVI For every hundred Weight ofbarilla or Saphora, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, two Shillings and sixpence, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity,

XLVII For every hundred Weight of Sope imported within the Time aforesaid, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, ten Shillings, over and above what is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XLVIII For all Earthen Ware, not mentioned in the Book of Rates, imported within the Time aforesaid, two Shillings and sixpence for every twenty Shillings Value thereof.

XLIX For every hundred Weight of Starch, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, twenty Shillings, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

L For every hundred Weight of Allom, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, two Shillings and sixpence, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

LI For every hundred Weight of Brimstone, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, imported within the Time aforesaid, four Shillings and eight Pence, above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

LII For every hundred Weight of Tin, imported within the Time aforesaid, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, thirty Shillings, over and above what the same is charged in the Book of Rates; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

453

454 C 4. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. Ses. 2. A.D. 1690.

Value of Goods

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Duties upon Goods and Merchandise bear not here memi in before granted, are to be levied according to the Value of the same, where such Goods or Merchandizes ntt^cd bt led' are Particu, ar]y raten the Book of Rates, the Value shall be underfbood and taken according to such Rate; ccota 7 and 211^where they are not particularly rated, the Value shall be taken by and according to the Oath of the aether Privisions Importer, and not otherwise; the Duties imposed by this Act not to be reckoned into the Value of the made relating same.

hereto.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all additional Duties hereby irn

for^atnt ot'p0*"1^ upon the aforementioned Goods and Merchandise to be imported as aforesaid, the Importer giving tnm or io per Security at the customhouse, shall have Time, not exceeding twelve Months (where the same is not other

ttjflc* inriifr/irl 1 fr e p.irrt iaonf r sho fonan 1 T m nortotinn ko n i id V tt frtitr £»nnol CL ra r) nine

Payment. Custom repaid or Security vacated upon Export at ion. Enlarged to 3 Years by 7 Geo. i. stat.i. C zi. 10,

Foreign Stores jtiready Told to ihc Navy Office, excepted.

Duties hew to be levied.

12 Car, 2. C 4,

Cent frr praapt wise hereby limited) for the Payment of the same, from the Importation, to be paid by four equal and quarterly Payments; or in case such Importer shall pay ready Money, he shall have after the Rate of ten Pounds percent, for a Year of the said Duty abated to him or her; and if the Goods and Merchandise to be imported as aforesaid, for which the additional Duty is paid or secured at the Importation thereof, be again exported within twelve Months after the Importation, then the aforesaid Duties shall be wholly repaid, or the Security vacated, as to what shall be so exported.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the new or additional Duties, imposed by this Act, shall not extend to affebt such foreign Stores as have been sold to the Use of their Majesties Navy, by Contrabl with the Navy Board, or Commissioners of the Victualling, before the fifteenth Day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety, so as a Certificate be given from the commissioners of the Navy or Victualling, that such foreign Stores have been so contracted for by them for their Majesties Service as aforesaid, and so as the Importer of the same do make Oath before the commissioner appointed to manage the Customs (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) of the Truth of the said Contract, and that lie will deliver the said Goods into their Majesties Stores, pursuant to the.contrn.6k so certified by the Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the several Impositions and Duties abovementioned shall be raised, levied, couebted, and paid unto their Majesties and their Successors, during the Times afore mentioned, in in the same Manner and Form, with such Advantages, and by such Rules, Means, and Ways, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned and expressed in one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported, and the Rules and Orders thereunto annexed; which said Act, and every Article, Rule, and Clause therein contained, shall Hand and be in Force for the Purposes aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act,

CL a lie of Credit

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person at S percent. and Persons to advance and lend unto their Majesties, upon the Security of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, and to have and receive for the Forbearance thereof any Sum not exceeding eight Pounds by the hundred for one whole Year and no more, directly or indirectly.

An Office for

LVIII. And to the End that all Moneys, which shall be lent unto their Majesties upon the Credit of this Receipt of these may be well and sufficiently secured out of the Moneys arising and payable by this Act; Be it further London and s!iable<i by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer rnttievpabuo (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, one Book or Register, in which all Moneys Rrce ver Gene that shall be paid into the Exchequer by Virtue of this Act, shall be entered and registered apart and di rai of Cud kv, flint from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties upon any other Branch of their Majesties and w*eki &evemie) oir upon any other Account v/natsoever; and that all and every Person and Persons, who shall imn the eo he lend any Money to their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act, and pay the same into the Receipt of the quer. Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan ftriick for the lame, and an Order for his Repay

3 w.&m.ff. s. ment? bearing the same Date with his Talley; in which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for n, Payment of interest for Forbearance after the.rate so to be allowed for the same, so as such Interest do

k'p'^nvi0 Ex 11 ot exceed the Rate of eight Pounds p>cr Centum per Annum, for his Consideration, to be paid every three ch' qur: t.ilvey, Months, until Repayment of his Principal; and that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be re oid r. and pjy giftred in Course, according to the Date of the Talley respectively, without Preference of one before ano meu in Course. ter; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand entered in the said Register Book, so as that the Person, Native or Foreigner, his Executors, adtni nistrators, and Assigns, who shall have his Order or Orders first entered in the said Book of Register, shall be taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by Virtue of this Act; and he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered, shall betaken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively, and in Course; and that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Parties, their Executors, administrators, or Assigns successively, without Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and not to be di vertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, dir.bliy or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of their Majesties Subjects for providing or making of any such Books, Registers, Entries, View or Search in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest, as aforesaid, by any of their Majesties Officer or Officers, their Clerks, or Deputies, on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also. And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then dip Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, Damages, and Costs, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged from his

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. sect. 2. C 5. 455

Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Cleric, without Diredh'on, or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Coils, and shall be for ever aft: r uncapabls of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor shall not jdircdl the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as afore directed, then he or they shall be judged to forfeit, and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, anti Coils, in such Manner as aforesaid. All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Coils, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by "Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster» wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Lav, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

LIX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt tg^ be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those he enters first, folie entcis them all the same Day.

LX. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Teller do pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Orders, before other Persons thrx did not come to demand their Money, and bring their Orders in their Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept lor them;

Iutereil upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons to whom any Orders for Moneys shall be due by Virtue of this Act, afer Order entered in the Book of Register aforesaid for Pay money how ment thereof, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Endorsement of his Order, may assign and: r'nsitrib' -- transfer his Right, Title, Interest, and benefit.of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall, upon Requeil, without Feeperpetual., or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to? g'j o. the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like manner assign again, and so and part of the toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who have or hath South sta fund, made such Alignments, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

CAP. V (15.)

An Act for the Continuance of several former Acts therein mentioned, for the laying several Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco.

Most Gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, taking into our serious Consideration the great and necessary Expenses in which your Majesties are engaged for our Defence and Safety, have cheerfully and unanimousiy given and granted unto your Majesties the im poiitions and Duties hereafter mentioned, for and during the Term hereafter expressed; we do most. humbly beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted;

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Duties upon. Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and.wn2 anj by the Authority of the same, That the several Impositions and Duties upon Wines and Vinegar, granted Vinegar conn, by an Act made in the first Year of the late King Janies, intituled An act for granting his Majesty an in "jpg 111 j'10'1 f oftion upon all jvines and Vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one thoijmd six hun 'eighty-five, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety and three, shall be conr tinued from the three and twentieth Day of June in the said Year one thousand six hundred ninety three, and shall be raised, levied, collected, answered and paid unto their Majesties and their Successors, until, the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety six, and no longer: And that, the said Act, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect, until the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety six, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, j answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties for all Sorts of duty upon To, Tobacco granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James, intituled An Adiff° an js ar for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all 'tobacco and Sugar, imported between the four and twentieth. n, f Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hun Made Part of dred ninety three, shall be continued from the three and twentieth Day of June in the said Year one thou the South Sea sand six hundred and ninety three, and shall be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid unto their f'unl!9a"n' Majesties and their Successors, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and' zf 3 Geg; ninety six, and no longer -} and that the said last mentioned Act, as for and concerning Tobacco only, and

456 C. 6, — 8. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. Sess. 2. A.D. 1690.

all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, concerning the said Rates and Duties upon all Sorts of Tobacco, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect, until the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety six, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties upon Tobacco hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed or taken to repeal or alter an Act made in the first Year of their majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, or any Part of the same.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to advance and lend unto their Majesties, as well upon the Security of this Act, as upon the Security of the said two former Acts made in the Reign of the late King fumes ( from and after the Sum of

1 WM. flx hundred thousand Pounds, mentioned in an Act made in the first Year of (heir Majesties Reign, inti an Office for L'ld; An Act for appropriating certain Duties for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Receipt of these Charges for his Majesty's Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses, shall be full V satisfied and paid Duties to be in to the said States General) any Sum or Sums of Money, and to have and receive for the Forbearance there london.and paid of any Sum not exceeding eight Pounds by the hundred for one whole Year and no more, directly or in neral of customs* directly The rest of this Act is omitted, being expired.

and kept apart, and paid Weekly into the Exchequer. 2 W. & M. ff, 2. C 10. EXP. Wages due to King Charles the second's Servants saved.

Not to extend to 1 W. & M. (T. ic. 34.

Credit of Loan at S percent.

---

CAP. VI (16.)

An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters.

EXP.

CAP. VII (17.)

An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second,

[16 & 17 Car. 2. c. 2.]

intituled An act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, which Act was to continue for three Years thence next following, and thenceforth to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer, and is expired: And whereas the said Act was found to be very useful and beneficial to this Kingdom:'

[Revived for Seven Years. 12 C. 2. c. 18 §6. Coal Ships may be navigated by Foreigners, during the War. EXP.]

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Article, and Branch therein contained, shall be, and is, and are hereby revived and continued in full Force, Strength, and Virtue, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall so stand and continue from the first Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer.

[Farther Provisions relating hereto, 6 & 7 W. c. 10 & 18. 9 & 10 W. 3. c. 13. 10 & 11 W. 3. c. 21. 8 Ann. c. 4. 9 Ann. c. 6, 23 & 28. 12 Ann. St. 2. c. 9. & 17. 5 Geo. 1. c. 9. 8 Geo. 1. c. 14. 3 Geo. 2. c. 26. 4 Geo. 2. c. 30. 10 Geo. 2. c. 32. 11 Geo. 2. C 15. 13 Geo. 2. c. 21. 14 Geo. 2. c. 41. 17 Geo. 2. c. 35. 19 Geo. 2. c. 35. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 31 Geo. 2. c. 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.]

CAP. VIII (.8.)

An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned.

[13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 2.]

---

'WHEREAS an Act was made at a Parliament held at Westminster, in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, for the repairing the Highways and Sewers, and for paving and keeping clean the Streets in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, wherein (amongst other Things) many necessary and wholesome Provisions were made for the cleansing and paving the said Streets, and other Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; which said Act being since expired, many Persons in the Out Pnrifhcs in Middhfx, ' and other Parishes in the Limits aforesaid, which have been chosen to serve the Office of Scavenger, 1 refuse to take the Execution of the said Office upon them; and others, who have been rated and af

towards the cleansing and carrying away the Dirt and Soil out of the Streets, have refused to pay the Rates afi efled upon them, there being no Law in Force to compel them thereunto, so that no Person can be employed to be Raker, to carry the Dirt out of the said Streets, for Want of some Provision for Payment for doing that Service; and the poorer Sort of People daily throw into the said Streets all the " Dirt, Filth, and Coal Ashes made in their Houses; reason whereof the said Streets are become ex

dirty and filthy, so that their Majesties Subjects cannot conveniently pass through the same about

their lawful Occasions, and many other Inconveniences daily arise for Want of the like Provisions in

' other

4-57

other Cases relating to the Streets, Pavements, and Common Ways may it therefore please your most excellent Majestics that it may be enacted

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and luh.imt.'.nti in Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and' by the Authority of the same, that from and after the fifteenth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, all and every Person and Persons inhabiting in the said Parishes of midd/ejex and Westminster, vt. and the Liberties thereof, and in the Borough of Southwark, or in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Alleys, comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Town of Kensington, shall twice in every Week (that is to say, on every Wednesday and Saturday at the least) sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, all the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Places, before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, and the Buildings and Walls of Churches, and other public Places, to the End the Dirt and Soil in the said Streets may be ready for the Scavenger, Raker, or other Officer appointed for that Purpose, to carry away, upon Pain to forfeit three Shillings and fourpence for every Offence or Neglect Penalty, respectively; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall throw, castor lay, or cause, permit, or Mo i'erson to fuller to be thrown, castor laid, any Scacoal Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Dung, or other r ilth or an noyance in any open Street, Lane, or Alley, within the said City or Places aforesaid, before his, her, or 1'e

their own dwelling houses, Stables, Buildings, or Walls, or the Buildings and Walls of Churches, churchyards, and other public Places, on the Penalty of five Shillings; and no Person or Persons shall Enlarged by s lay any Ashes, Dirt, or Soil, before the Houses, Buildings, or Walls of any Person or Persons, inhabi f^w, -« 37 tants of the City, Parishes, or Places aforesaid, or before or against any Church, churchyard Wall, or*'1, any of their Majesties Buildings, Palaces, or Places whatsoever; shall cast, lay, or throw, or cause to be cast, laid, or thrown into any common or public Sink, Vault, water course, or common Sewer, or Highway, within any of the Parishes or Places aforesaid, or any other private Vault or Sink of any of the Inhabitants aforesaid, any Ashes, Dirt, Filth, Ordure, or any other noilbme Thing whatsoever; Bit shall deli shall keep, or cause the same to be kept in their respodtive Houses, Yards, or Backsides, or the Yards. or'^j Backsides of Churches, and other public Buildings, until such 'rhyme as the Raker, Scavenger, or other Officer thereto appointed of the said Ward, Parish, Street, or Place where they dwell, or such Churches or Buildings, as do come by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places, with his Cart, Barrow, or other Thing or Things used for the cleansing the Streets, and carrying away thereof, and then shall carry, or cause to be carried, the said Ashes, Dirt, Dung, or other such Filth or Annoyance aforesaid, out of their Houses, Yards, and Backsides, and deliver it unto the Raker, Scavenger, or other Officer, or otherwise to put the same into his Cart, Barrow, or other Thing as aforesaid, upon Pain to forfeit the penalty.

Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Churchwardens, and the Churchwardens, idoufe keepers and other Keepers of Whitthall, Somerset houjc, Saint 'james's House, and Saint jam sie. liable. Park, and the guard houses and Stables near it, and other their Majesties House; the Ushers, Porters, or Keepers of Courts of Justice, and all other public or other Houses and Places respectively, shall be liable to and suffer the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments for every the beforementior.ed Offences or Neglects done, committed, or differed to be done before any Church or churchyard, cr before any of their Majesties Houses, Buildings, or Walls, or before any Houses, Buildings, or Walls, or before any public Buildings, Houses, or Places whatsoever'.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifteenth Day of h; '0pi'13 December, no Person or Persons shall hoop, wash, or cleanse any Pipes, Barrels, or other Casks or vcife!s'eis' C in any of the Streets, Lanes, or open Passages aforesaid; shall set out any Dung, Soil, Rubbish, or empty Coaches to make or mend, or rough Timber or Stones to be sawn or wrought, in the Streets, on the Penalty of twenty Shillings for every Offence. Penalty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rakers, Scavengers, or other Offi Scavengers cers thereunto appointed, every Day in the Week, except Sundays and other Holidays, shall bring or rr.v a'v*yal* cause 10 be brought Carts, dung pots, and other sitting Carriages, into all their respective Parishes, LI "*» mits, Precincts, Streets, Charges, and Divisions, where such Carts and Carriages can pass, and at or before their Approach, by a Bell, Horn, or Clapper, or otherwise, shall make distinct and loud Noise, and give Notice to the Inhabitants thereof of their coming, and make the like Noise, and give the like Notice in every Court, Alley, or Place, unto which the said Carts cannot pass, and abide and stay there a convenient Time, in such sort that all Persons concerned may bring forth their respective Dust, Dirt,

Ashes, Filth, and Soil, to the respective Carts and Carriages so staying as aforesaid; which the said Rakers, Scavengers, or other Officers aforesaid, shall daily carry, or cause to be carried 'away upon Pain to Penalty, forfeit forty Shillings for every such Offence or Neglect respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Open Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, pa cts Siren which now are paved, within any of the Parishes or Places aforesaid, shall be from time to time repaired, &c.l'c!'t amended, and paved, at the Costs and Charges of the Householders Inhabitants in any such Streets and

Lanes, respectively; and where any Houses shall be empty and unoccupied in any such Streets and Lanes, then to be paved and repaired at the Charge of the Owners or Proprietors thereof in Manner following (that, is to say) Every of the said Housholders, Owners, or Proprietors of Houses, to repair, pave, and keep repaired, amended, and paved, the Streets, Lanes, or Alleys before his House, Stables, or out houses, so far as his Housing, Walls, or Buildings extend, unto the deiiter' ftons, Channel, or Middle of the same Street, Lane, or Alley; upon Pain to forfeit twenty Shillings for every Perch or roj, and after

458 C 8.

Anno secundo Guglielmi & Marge, Ses. 2. A.D. 1690.

Justice of Peace miy ordet new Streets, C to be paved.

after that Rate for a greater or leter Quantity for every Default, and of twenty Shillings a Week for every Week after, until the same shall be faiiiciently paved and amended.

And whereas there are in the Parishes aforesaid many new Streets and Ways mad, which arc

VII

[Penalty.]

Streets paved as foinierly.

Charges of cleansing how raised.

I Salk, 356,

elt&ion of Sea venders, and Pu niftiment of Re fufers.

Ways are or shall be made, from time to time to view and inspect the same; and if upon such View they shall judge them fit to be paved or otherwise amended, to ctrtify the same under their Hands to the Justices of the Peace, at the next respective General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the Place where such Streets or Ways are or shall be made, who are hereby respectively thereupon authorised and required to take such Order for the paving or otherwise amending the same, as they mall think fit. And all and every Person and Persons, Owners and Inabitants of all and every the Houses new built, or hereafter to be built, or adjoining to any new Streets or Ways adjudged to be paved or amended, shall, and are hereby required, according to their several and respective Interests therein, by Order of such Justices at their Session, and by a Time in such Order limited, pave with Stone or Gravel, or otherwise amend, all the Ground that doth or shall lie in Front before every dwelling house or other Buildings in such Streets and Ways, extended to the Middle of the Way that doth or shall lie before the same: And every Person offending herein, or that shall not from time to time repair and amend his or her Proportion of the Pavements in such Streets and Ways where they shall be paved, shall forfeit forty Shillings for every such Offence or Default for every Perch, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, and the like Sum for every Week, till the same be paved, or amended and repaired, and when paved or amended, the like Sum as those that shall not pave and repair open Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, now paved by virtue of this ACT

VIII. Provided always, That such anci.nt Streets, Lanes, and Alleys within the said Places, or any of them, as by Custom and Usage have been repaired and paved by any other Order, or in any other Manner, shall be hereafter repaired, paved, and maintained in such Sort and Manner, and by such Person and Persons as have heretofore used to repair, pave, and maintain the same, under the Penalties aforesaid; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And for the better raising and levying of Moneys to defray the Charges', and pay the Wages of the said Scavengers, Rakers, and other Officers employed in cleansing of the Streets, and other places aforesaid, and carrying away the said Allies, Dirt, Filth, and Soil; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within the Parishes of Saint Anne and Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, the Scavengers, Rakers, and suchlike Officers, shall be chosen as by the said respective Adds is directed and appointed: And the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments for Scavengers, Rakers, and suchlike Officers Wages for cleansing the Streets, shall he rated, taxed, and assessed, raised, and paid by the Parishioners and Inhabitants of those respective fariflies, according to the Custom and Usage of the said City, where it is not otherwise in the said Acts provided and enacted: And the Receivers of all such Moneys shall be accountable in such Manner as they now are by the said Adds, or otherwise by the Law in case there is no Provision for the same thereby appointed: And all new Messuages, Tenements, and Houses, now, or at any Time hereafter built and erected within the Limits and Parishes aforesaid, shall he likewise rated, taxed, and assessed, and shall pay proportionable with others. And in all other Places and Parishes aforesaid, up. n

every Monday or Tuesday in Easter Week, the Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways of every of the said Parishes and Places respectively, or the greater Number of "them, giving Notice unto, or calling together, such other ancient Inhabitants of their respective Parishes, as according to the Custom of the said Parishes or Places are ul ually present at the Election of Parish Officers, they, or the greater Number of them present, shall make Choice of, and shall nominate and appoint, two or more able Persons, that are Tradesmen of their Parish, to be Scavengers for the Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, and other open Passages of each Ward and Division within their said Parish for the Year then next ensuing, and until others be chosen and settled in their Places; which Persons so chosen, and being approved and confirmed under the Hand of any two Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, shall within seven Days after their Election and Confirmation, and Notice thereof, take that Office and Duty upon them, upon Pain to forfeit ten Pounds for every Refuser respectively; and in case of Refusal by any Person or Persons so chosen and confirmed, then other able Persons shall be chosen and confirmed in Manner aforesaid, within seven Days after such Refusal, in the Place of him or them which shall so refuse; the Person or Persons so chosen and confirmed, and having Notice thereof, shall undergo the like Pain of ten Pounds in case of Refusal, or not taking upon him or them the said Office or Duty within seven Days after he or they shall be chosen and confirmed, and have Notice thereof, as aforesaid; The said Penalties to be paid to the Surveyors of the Highways of the Place, and disposed of and employed by them for and towards the mending and repairing of the Highways and Streets of the same Parish, Ward, or Division, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of Peace of any of the Places aforesaid, to be directed to the Constables or other Officers of the same Parish, or any two or more of them, rendering the Overplus to the Party (reasonable Charges for the Distress only to lie deducted) and in Dc i Fault of Distress or nonpayment within six Days after Demand thereof, or Notice left in Writing at the House or dwelling place of the Offender, by the said Constables or Officers respectively, the said Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, City, or Place respectively, by the Warrant of any such Justice under his Hand and Seal, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment be thereof made as aforesaid; foin like manner for every Person or Persons neglecting oi reiufing the same.

1 XI

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Guglielmi & Marian Sess. 2. C 8. 459

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within twenty Days after the electioninhabiu us and Confirmation of the said Scavengers as aforesaid, the Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers]?'*of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways of the Parities and pjaces aforesaid respectively, or the our' "uc" greater Number of them, giving Notice unto, or calling together, such Inhabitants of their respective Parishes as aforesaid, they or the greater Number of them then present, shall make and settle a Tax,

Rate, or Assessment, according to a Pound Rate, to be imposed or let upon the Inhabitants of every rc spective Parish, Ward, or Division, for the Year following, for the Purposes aforesaid; which being allowed and contjrmed by any two of the Justices of the Peace of the Places aforesaid respectively (which they are hereby authorised and required, as far as the same shall be equal and reasonable, to allow] shall he quarterly paid by every respective Inhabitant, upon Demand made thereof by the Scaveng rs or Officers appointed to gather and collect the same; and in case of a Refusal or Neglect shall, by Warrant under for the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace of the Division, Parish, or Place, be levied by Distress n0rl'pjr; it. and Sale of the offender's Goods, and for want of Distress, by Imprisonment of the Offender (he net being a Peer of this Realm] until Payment as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Sums of Money as shall be yearly assessed and col scavenger nmft ledted in the said Parishes for cleansing the Streets, shall be yearly accounted for by the Scavenger for the account, ! Time being, which collected the same, to two or more of the next Justices of the Peace for the Place, redding in or near to the respective Places for which such Scavengers were appointed, within eight and twenty

Days after the Election of new Scavengers for the ensuing Year and such Sum or Sums as Hull be re pay the Over, maining in their Hands, shall be by them paid over to the next succeeding Scavengers elected for such Plus parish; and any two such 'Jufidces of the Peace, as' aforesaid, shall and may virtue hereof commit to Prison every one of the said Scavengers which shall refuse to account, there to remain without Bail or Main l'enahy. prize, until he have made a true Account, and satisfied and paid so much as upon the said Account shall be remaining in his Hands.

XII. Provided always, That the respective Scavengers and Rakers for any of the Parishes aforesaid sit all wll=*e the s, a.

have Liberty, by the Approbation and Order of the Justices at their Petit Sessions, or any two or more

them, to lodge their Dirt, Dull, Allies, or other Filth, in such vacant and public Places in or near the'113 lr'u Streets or Highways, as shall be thought convenient by the said justices, for the Accommodation of the

Country Carts returning empty from the said Parishes, they giving Satisfaction to the Ownere and Occupiers of such vacant Places; and in case of unreasonable Demands, such Justices in their Petit Sessions shall hear, moderate, and determine the same according to Equity and good Confidence. And in case any Person appeal to shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved with any Rate, Tax, or assessment made by virtue of thisttct "Sef" Actor any ways prejudiced by any Determination of the said Justices in their Petit Sessions, he or they so 10ns' grieved or prejudiced shall and may have Recourse, in all such Cases, to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the Place wherein the Matter of Grievance doth arise, to set forth his, there, or their Case, by Petition or otherwise; and the said Justices in such their Quarter sessions are herebyfirnpowered to hear and determine all Matters to them complained of, concerning the same respectively, and their Determination and Order therein shall be final, without any Appeal to any other Court whatsoever' '

XIII. And whereas three are many common Highways within the said Parishes, which cannot be fif afliitment ficiently amended, repaired, and supported, by means of the Laws now in Force, without the Help of this thtnt^hways.

' present Act; ' Be it enacted, That for the better amending and repairing the same, one or more alkeh'°

mentor assessments upon all and every the Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Land's, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any personal Estate usually ratable to the Poor within any of the said Parishes, shall he from time to time made, levied, collected, and allowed by such Person and Persons as the said Justices at such their General Quarter sessions shall. direct and appoint in that Behalf, and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the Order and Direction of the said Justices lor and towards the amending, repairing, and supporting such Highways from time to time, as Need shall require; and the said assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every Person so assessed (not paying the same within fourteen Days after Demand] rendering the Overplus of the '5 lrtr<: ls' Value of the Goods so distrained, to the Owner and Owners thereof; the necessary Charges of making anti selling such Distress being first deducted. Provided always, That no such Assessment or Aftellrnents, to be made in any one Year, shall exceed the Rate of fourpence in the Pound of the yearly Value of any Lands,

Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments so assessed, nor the Rate of eight Pence for every twenty Pounds in personal Estate.

XIV. And whereas many new Sewers, Sinks, and Vaults have been made in the Parishes within theme; V Sewers City and Liberty of Westminster, and other the Parishes aforesaid, by the Commissioners appointed by theb; t, jcii "*.

' said recited Act, which since the Expiration thereof are much neglected, and noisome to ttie Inhabitants, sewm.'i0 "

' bocause of foroe Doubt whether such new Sewers are within the Jurisdiction of the Laws of Sewers; 'Be gh. 6. C ir therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all new Sewers at any Time since the twelfth Year, of H 6.. C, the Reign of the said late King charles the Second, made in any of the said Parishes, shall be henceforth H cy subject to the Commission of Sewers, and to the Laws and Statutes made for Sewers, as fully to all Intents fd.v° and Purposes, as if such Sewers, Sinks, and Vaults had been exprdly mentioned in the' Hid Statutes ofc5.

Sewers, to be under the Survey of the said Commissioners; and the Commissioners of Sewers for the time i Ms. sir. being, within the Limits of their respective Commissions shall have Power and Authority by Virtue of thisc 11

Act to alter, amend, cleanse, and fcower any such new Sewers, Sinks, and Vaults, and to order and di 'q^'j rect the making of any other new Vaults and Sewers, and to cut into any Drain or Sewer already made,

'460 C 8. Anno see undo Guglielmi & Mariae. Ses. 2. A.D. 1690.

housholders to Jet up Lights.

The Weight of a Truss of Hav,

and to alter or take away any Nufances in the same, and to alter or take away any Cross Gutter or Channels, ir. all or any of the Streets and Lanes in the Parishes aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Housholder within any of the Parishes, Places, or precinhs in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and City and Liberty of Westminster, comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, whose House adjoins unto or is near the Street, from mi r.harlmas unto our ladyday yearly, hall every Night fetor hang out Candles or Lights in Lanthorns on the ( ut side of the House next the Streot, to enlighten the same for the Conveniency of Passengers, from time to time, as it flail grow dark, until twelve of the Clock in the Night, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum o; two Shillings for every Default; excepting such Person or Persons as shall agree to make use of Lamp: ol any Sort, to be placed at such Distances in the Street, as shall be approved of by two or more Justice: of the Peace.

XVI. And whereas great Abuses and Deceits are' committed by Carters and others, who bring anc let Hay within the Cities of London and jveflmmjier, and the hay markets and Places comprised withii the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Loads and Tralles of such Hay being of less Weight than the ought, and are pretended and declared to be between the Buyer and Seller thereof: 'For Remedy herein be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Truss of old Hay brought or offeree to be sold hereafter in any Place within the Cities of london.and Westminster, and all other Places com pril ed within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, between the last Day of August and the first Day of June, hill contain and be the full Weight of six and fifty Pounds at least; and that every Truss of Hay brought or offered to be sold within the Cities or Places aforesaid, between the first Day of June and th( last Day of August in any Year, being new Hay of that summer's Growth, shall be and contain the full Weight of sixty Pounds, and old Hay of any former year's Growth, the Weight of six and fifty Pound: as aforesaid; if any Hay after the said fifteenth Day of Duember shall be brought or offered tc be. Ibid.within the Cities or Places aforesaid, whereof any Truss shall be of less Weight than aforesaid the Person or Persons aforesaid, so bringing or offering such Hay to be sold, hall forfeit for every such Truf of Hay, not being the full Weight aforesaid, the Sum of eighteen Pence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifteenth Day of December, no Person or Persons whatsoever hall permit or suffer his or their Wagon, Cart, or Car t landor be in the Place now called the Haymarket near Piccadilly, in the Parish of Saint Martin in th Fields, and Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, or Borough of Southwark, or any other Plac in the Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, ioaden with Hay or Straw, to sell the same, fron Michaelmas to ladyday, after two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and from ladyday till Michaelmas Ate. three of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Pain to forfeit for every Offence and Neglect five Shilling respectively.

fattherprovifionireluti ig fcnto, "tly. 3. C 17,

[Penalty.]

i.naden Hay Carts when so stand.

Notice to be given of the Time by ringing a Bell by 8 & 9W. 3. C 16. §. 5.'

Offenders how

XVIII. And for the more speedy Reformation and Punishment of all and every the Offences aforesaid to be convict: d. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice of the Peace within the Counties o Middlesex and Surrey, and City and Liberties of Westminster and Places aforesaid, within their several Limit respectively, hall have Power and Authority upon his own Knowledge or View, Confession of the Party or Proof of one credible Witness upon Oath before him (which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowerei to administer) to convict any Person or Persons of any the Offences aforesaid, whereby such Person o Persons so convidf hall incur the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid; Moiety whereof hall b pc alty how disposed and employed for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence hal disposed. be committed

or done, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the same for that Use, and the oath Moiety thereof for him or them that flail discover and prosecute the same, in case the said Conviction be b' Discovery and Prosecution; and if the Conviction shall be by the View or Knowledge of any one or mor Justice or Justices of the Peace, then one half of the Penalty shall be disposed of to the Relief of the Poo as aforesaid, and the other Moiety if for a Default of Pavement, to go to and be employed for and toward the repairing, paving, and cleansing of the said Streets or Places, to be paid to the Scavengers of the Place Penalty how to and by them employed for that Use, or otherwise to the Relief of the Poor as aforesaid; and all the sail Penalties shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender by Warrant unde the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the Place, to be directed to the Constables and Headbo roughs of the same Parish where the Offence was done, rendering the Surplusage to the Party; and in De fault of Distress, or not payment of the said Penalties, within six Days after Demand thereof, where it i not hereby otherwise provided, or Notice in Writing left at the House or dwelling place of the Offender by the said Constable or Headborough, the said Offender (not being a Peer of this Realm) shall be committed to the Common Gaol of the said Counties or City respectively, by the Warrant of any such Justic under his Hand and Seal, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until Payment.

Cartwheels '

XIX. And whereas the Wheels of many Carts, Cars, and Brewers Drays, now commonly used so made be the Carriage of Goods, Beer, Ale, and other Things from Place to Place within the Cities of London am Westminster, and Parishes aforesaid, where the Streets are paved, are made thinner or narrower in the Felley!*than formerly, and many are fliod with Iron Tyres, by means whereof the Pavements in the Streets of tb thisciautedif said Cities and Places are daily impaired and broken up, and made dirty and rough: 'For Preventior Tiw's M w^ere°f fr the time to come, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after th C t, j6 said fifteenth Day of December, the Wheels of every Cart, Car, or Dray to be used for the Carriage of an Thin,

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Guglielmi Sc Maria?. sect. 2. C 8. 461

t'hing whatsoever, from any Placa within the said Cities and Places, to any Place situate in the said Cities

and Places where the Streets are pared, shall be made to contain the full Breadth of six Inches in thciscco.z. C z.

Fellcy, and shall not be wrought about with any Ironwork whatsoever, nor be drawn ith above the

Number of two Horses, after they are up the Hills from the Water Side; and the Owners and Proprietor 18 Cto. z. C 33.

of any Cart, Car, or Dray to be used as aforesaid, the Wheels whereof shall not be made six Inches in the

Breadth, or shall be shod with Iron, or be drawn with above two Horses as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum Penalty.

of forty Shillings for every Time such Cart, Car, or Dray shall be used as aforesaid, for the Uses, and to

be levied as aforesaid. Provided nevertheless, That this shall not extend to any County Cart or Wagon Country Cans

that shall bring any Goods to the Cities or Places aforesaid, or hall carry any Goods half a Mile beyond cxccptsd

the paved Streets of the said Cities and Places.

XX. And for the better keeping and preserving the Streets and Sewers in and about the said Cities of in

London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and the Borough of Southwark, and other the Parishes t rn '.on, aforesaid, be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the said fifteenth orfcued day of December, shall breed, feed, or keep any Sort or Manner of Swine within any Part of the Houses or Backsides of the paved Streets of the said Cities, Borough, or Parishes, where the Houses are contiguous, < Explainer! and upon pain of forfeiting the same to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where such ent urcrd by 8 Swine shall be kept, bred; or fed, to the Use of the Poor thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful for &9V 3- C all or any of the Churchwardens, Chanelwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Beadles, Hcadbo 4 C roughs, or Tythingmen of any of the Parishes of the said Cities and Places rc spectively, at all Times here" 4 after, in the daytime, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor of London, or any other of their Majesties Justices of the Peace of the Place respectively, to search in all such Places in their respective Parishes for the finding all such Swine, and all that shall he so found to seize, take, drive, and carry away, and the same to sell for the bell Price that can be had, and the Money thereby produced forthwith to deliver to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where such Swine shall be seized, to be distributed to the Poor of the same, in such Manner and Proportions as Jie said Churchwardens and Overseers respectively shall think fit.

XXI. And for the better cleansing and keeping clean the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the City ofcuiw of London and Liberties thereof, at all Times hereafter, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That thelondl, n tur same shall he ordered and managed, and Rates and Impositions laid and levied, and all other Ways and&c' Means therefore used and observed, according to tyre ancient Usage and Custom of the said City.

XXII. And for the better effecting the same, and preventing the throwing out or laying any Allies, Soil, tord Mayor, Dull, or Rubbish, or other Nuisance or Obstruction in any the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said City present or Liberties thereof, it is further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor ofupon vllw the said City for the Time being, and to and for any Alderman of the said City for the Time being, upon his

own proper Knowledge or View, in the open General Sessions, to make Presentment for any such Offence committed, done, or suffered within the said City or Liberties thereof, which Presentment shall be good and effectual; and the Lord Mayor and Justices of the same City shall immediately, at the same General Sessions, have Authority to assess Fines for such Offences, not exceeding twenty Shillings for any one Fine upon the Offence; which Fines, so to be assessed as aforesaid, shall be levied and paid unto the Chamberlain of Presentment. the City of London for the time being, for the Use of the same City, to be employed in the public Payments of the same City; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas there are many good Provisions made and ordained for the cleansing the Sewers,

' and well paving the Streets in London, by one Act made in the two and twentieth and three and twen tieth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better paving and cleansing the Streets and car. 2. ' Savers in and about the City of London, which have been much obstructed by Occasion of many frivolous C 17.

' and vexatious Actions commenced and prosecuted by evil disposed Persons against Officers and others employed in the Execution of the said Act; 'Wherefore to prevent the like vexatious Prosecutions for the future, be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Plaint, or Information, shall at any Time after the said fifteenth Day of December be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in rurfuance of or in Execution of the said last recited Act, or this Act, such Person or Persons, so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall or may plead the general Issue, and upon any Issue joined, C n: r.il iifuc, may give the said respective Acts, or either of them, as the Case may require, and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him or her, the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs, for which they shall Treble Celts, have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted and declared, for avoiding any Doubt touching the Highway leading Si. John's, from the East Side of Clerkenwell Green to Saint john's Street, That the said Way shall be paved according See 1 Gc0 10 the Direction of this Act i1'

1 W, & M. ft.

I. C 34. Vide 10 & n W, 3. C 4.

Excise upon Spirits till

i6qs.

' Continued to March 1696. by 7 W. 3. C 2, §' 6.'

T he several Rates,

Distillers hall draw their Spirits from Corn, without Moloftes, See.

Gagers hall see and keep Account of the Spirits.

Penalty upon mixing other Materials.

Penalty upon d.stiller making or receiving other Materials.

Penalty upon Officer's false Return.

Distiller may export malted Spirits.

Rebate of 3d. per Gallon upon Exportation.

CAP. IX (19.)

An Act for the encouraging the Distilling of Brandy and Spirics from Corn, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament held in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act sir prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, all Brandies, Aqua Vita, and Spirits are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom: And whereas good and wholesome Brandies, C Aqua Vita, and Spirits, may be drawn and made from malted Com: For the Encouragement therefore of the making of Brandy, Strong Waters, and Spirits, from malted Corn, and for the greater Consumption of Corn, and the Advantage of Tillage in this Kingdom

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord 011c thousand six hundred and ninety, until the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our, Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, there shall be paid by way of Excise unto their Majesties and

their Successors, for all low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, drawn by Distillers or other Makers of Spirits and strong Waters for Sale within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Rates and Duties following (that is to fayj For every Gallon of low Wines of the first Extrablion, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, eight Pence; for every Gallon of low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extrablion, made or drawn from Brewers Walk or Tilts, or from any Sort of er.glish Materials, other than from Drink brewed and prepared from any Sort of malted Corn, or from Perry or Cyder, twelve Pence; for every Gallon of low Wines of the first extrablush, drawn or made only from Drink brewed and made of any Sort of malred Corn, one Penny; and for every Gallon of low Wines of the first Extrablion, drawn or made from Cyder or Perry, or any Mixture therewith, threepence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Distillers and others, who shall draw t>r make any low Wines, Spirits, or Brandy, from Corn, shall brew, or cause their Corn to be brewed an made into clean and wholesome Drink, and from such Drink so made and prepared (without any Mixture with any Moloftes, Wash, or Tilts, or other Materials whatsoever) shall draw their low Wines or Spirits of the first Extrablion; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Gager and Gagers of Excise, from time to time, to gauge and keep an Account of the Liquors, Worts, and Drink made and drawn by such Distillers or others, for the making such low Wines, Spirits, or Brandies, and to see that the same be drawn and made from Dri. k made of malted Corn entirely, without any Mixture as aforesaid; and in case any Distillers or others shall therewith mix any other Materials, eh her in the brewing, or after the same is made into Drink, and before the same be distilled into low Wines, the said Gagers shall charge the low Wines, drawn from the Drink so mixed, with the Duty of twelve Pence for every Gallon, which said Duty shall be answered and paid to their Majesties and their Succcfl ors.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Distillers or others, drawing low Wines or Spirits from Corn,

[ prepared as aforesaid, shall prepare any Wash from Moloftes or other Materials, or receive any Wash of Moloftes or other Materials from any other Person whatsoever, until lie has drawn off and distilled all the Liquors made 'or prepared from Corn as aforesaid, on Pain of Forfeiture for every Barrel of such Liquors made' of Corn as aforesaid, found undistilled or drawn into low Wines, the Sum of five Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gager or other Officer of Excise shall wittingly and willingly make a false Charge, by returning to the Commissioners any Quantity of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extrablion, not made from n.alted corn, as made and drawn from malted Corn, such Gager or Officer shall forfeit his Office or Employment, and also shall forfeit for every Gallon of low Wines so falily charged or returned, the Sum often Shillings.

VI. And. for the further Encouragement of Distillers. and others, to draw and make Spirits or Brandies from malted Corn brewed into Drink as aforesaid, and to export the same as Merchandise into Parts beyond the Seas, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any.distillers or others, upon Oath made before any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Feacc for the County or Place from whence any Brandy or strong Waters is or are intended to be exported, that the same were or was made and drawn from Drink brewed from malted Corn, without any Mixture with any other Materials, and that the same is not mixed with any low Wines, nor drawn a second Time, nor with any other Spirits or Brandy made from any other Materials, either native or foreign, and that the Duties or the same are duly entered or paid, and that the same are exported for Merchandise, to be spent beyond the Seas, to export such Spirits cr Brandies made from Corn pre as aforesaid; upon a Certificate under the Hands of the Officer of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits or Brandies were shipt oft", of the Quantity f fiiipf, and that the same was slipped in the Presence of such Officers, that such Distiller, or others so exporting, shall be allowed or paid back by the Commissioners, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits or Biandy shall be fhjpt on, the Sum of threepence for every such Gallon of Brandy or Spirits so shipt oft.

VII

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Gulielmi & Mariae. Sell'. 2. C 9. 463

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Gager and Gagers of Excise shall, from Time to Time, gauge and take Account oi all Wall and other Materials prepared or preparing for thcot making of Low Wines, and all'o of all Low vines, Spirits, or Strong Waters found in the Houses, Cellars, or wareholifes, or in any Wall, Back, Calk, or other Vessel or vessels used by any Distiller or

Maker of Low Wines or Spirits; and in case he shall mil's any Quantity or Quantities of Liquor or Drink qv; .;

brewed or made from Corn, or any Wall, or other Materials prepared for making of Low Wines, which w; hquyntuiee he found or gauged the bill: time such Gager was at such distiller's, not exceeding twenty-four Hours before, mining, and shall not on Demand receive Satisfaction what is become of such Drink or Wain, or other suchlike Materials, that in every lueh Case it shall be lawful lor such Gager to charge such Distiller with so much Low Wines as such Liquor, Drink, Wall, or other Materials io milling, in his Judgement would reasonably have made.

VIII. And to the Intent that the Duties payable to their Majesties for all Low Wines, Spirits, Aqua Dialler shall. and Strong Waters, may be the hotter ascertained, collected and levied, be it enacted by the Autho ^" "1^.)'", rity aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of December, no Distiller or Maker oqqfh: ]., a, Low Wines, Spirits, Aqua Vita:, and Strong Waters, shall distill or set their Stills at work for the dravp remov.ng skiing or making any the Liquors abovementioned, or shall deliver or carry out any Low Wines, Spirits, or cits, except t Aqua Vita, to any of their Customers, in Cask or by the Gallon, without Notice thereof first given to the'; crtj'.n Timts Officer of Excise for the Place or Division where such Di iller or Maker shall live, to the Intent that such, "' Officer may be present to see and gauge the same, unless at such Times as herein after are mentioned (that is

to say) from the nine and twentieth Day of September to the twenty-fifth of March yearly, between the Hours of five of the Clock in the Morning, and eight of the Clock in the Evening; and from the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth of September yearly, between the Hours of three of the Clock in the Morning, and nine of the Clock in the Evening, upon Pain that every Distiller and Maker of the Liquors, aforesaid, doing contrary hereunto, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Io, Pena, t!'* Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several P ates and Duties of Excise, Mannsrof le hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid unto their tnf^ccolieift' Majesties and their successors during the Time before mentioned, and in the same Manner and Form, and"18' c'

by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, expressed, and directed in and by one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King ilcar 2 C a4 charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capita, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for fttling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereofand j5 Car - also in and by one other Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An additional Act for the better ordering and cobledling the Duties of Excise, and preventing the Abuses therein, or in either of them, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to the Revenue of Excise.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by F: jys llpon th's this Add imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any ^bhj V Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or maybe recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Addion of'lr"

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to their Majesties and their Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XI. provided.always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Any Perron

be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, during the Continuance of this Add, to make, draw, or distill dl for Sale, or to be retailed, any Low Wines or Spirits, from Drink brewed from malted Corn only, pay enlarged by ing the Duties, and being subject to all Fines and Penalties as other Distillers are; any Law, Charter, or 8*9 T other Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.' 9- 5- 3-

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Strong Waters, Brandy, Aqua t/hc, Excilf uporl or Spirits brought from the iflr.nds of Guernsey, ferfy, Sark, or Alderney, shall be charged with the Duty

of eight Shillings for every Gallon, to be paid to the Collector or Officer of Excise, upon Entry thereof fromguernfey., before landing; and that all other exciseable Liquor brought from the said Hands, or any of them, ex c. cept Beer, Ale, and Mum, shall be charged and chargeable with such and the like Duties as are charged or chargeable on the like Liquors made in this Kingdom, to be entered and paid as abovesaid: And that before the Landing of any such Liquors, Oath shall be made by the Importer or Owner of such Brandy,

Strong Waters, or Spirits, and other Liquors, before the Collector or principal Officer of the Customs of the Port where the same are to be landed, that the same are of the Growth and Manufacture of the said 0ith Idands, or one of them, and are not made from or mixed with any foreign Liquors or Materials. And "*<lft^ f in case any such Liquors shall be imported and landed before due Entry, such Oath made, and the said of

Duties paid; the said Strong Waters, Brandy, and other Liquors, shall be taken and adjudged to be of those inands, the Growth and Manufacture of the Territories of the French King, 'and the said Liquors shall be de otherwise ad stroyed, and all Persons concerned in the Importation or Sale thereof, shall forfeit and suffer all and eve iudsed French ry the Penalties mentioned in an act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled An adicoijtlnvedb*' for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, in such and the same Manner, as if the said Liquors 13 W.?. had been of the Growth and Manufacture of the Territories of the French King, and shall be prosecuted andc. u. s. and recovered as in the said act is appointed. i - il Ann,

ing the Continuance of those Acts. itv.&m.ff. 1. C 34, viz. the Forfeiture of the Value for the first Offence, anti double for the second; 3^'chauers tot the sole making of Brandy void. Part of the Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo. 1. c. 12.

- 1

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Charters and Letters Patents already made, or hereafter to be made or granted, for the sole making of Brandy, Spirits, or Strong Waters from Corn of any Sort, or in any Manner whatsoever, asa new Invention, or whereby the Power and Liberty given by this Act to all Persons for the dillillin and making Brandy, Spirits, or Strong Waters from Corn, shall be in any Manner restrained, shall be, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be void to all Intents and purposes whatsoever.

IK Car. 1. C 24

Burn, V I. 336.

a&htional Excite.

For the conti jwiancs o!' these Duties, tee 5 & 6 W. & M. C & C 20. 4 Ann, C 6. i Geo. 1. stat. a. C 12. tj. 8. They are now expire, and others granted.

(is Beer.

Beer under 6s,

Vinegar English. v^inegarforeign.

V

Beer, &c.

Cyder per Tonne. Brandy tingle.

Brandy double. Cyder retailed. Methcglin.

V inner of le

v/iak.

CAP. X (20.)

An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors for four Years, from the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excite upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one Year, doth expire.

Aloft Gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, taking into serious Consideration the great and urgent Occasions which do press your Majesties to afi extraordinary Expense of Treasure, for the Defence of your Kingdoms and Dominions against Invasion, and for preferring to your said Subjects the Intercourse of Trade; for which Purpose your Majesties have found yourselves obliged to equip and set out to Sea a Royal Navy, and to maintain a War against the French King; and in most thankful Acknowledgement of your Majesties tender Care of the Welfare of your People, and for the augmenting the Naval Strength of this your Kingdom, by building some new Ships of War; have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do hereby give and grant to your Majesties the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted; -

II. "And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That front and after the seventeenth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety one, there shall be throughout your Majesties Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, and collected, and paid unto your Majesties and your successors, during the Space and Term of four Years, and no longer, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors herein after expressed, by way of Excise, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and Impositions by any former Act or Acts (then unexpired) set and imposed, and in Manner and f orm following (that is to say) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the bar rel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportion ably for a greater or lelfer Quantity, over and above the Duties pay., ble for the same, one Shilling sixpence; for every Barrel of Beer or Ale of six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, to be paid by the said common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quanti. ty, over and above the Duties payable for the same, sixpence; for every Barrel of Vinegar or Vinegar Beer, brewed, or made of any English Materials, by any common Brewer, or any other Person for Sale, so be paid by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties of Excise, payable for the same, three Shillings; for every Barrel of A inegar, or Liquor prepared for Vinegar, made here for Sale, that hath run through Rape, or made with or passing through any foreign Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, eight Shillings; for every Barrel of Beer, Ale, or Mum, imported from beyond the Seas, or from the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importers before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, six Shillings; for every Tonne of Cyder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, eight Pounds; for every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirit, or Aqua Vila, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, four Shillings. Repealed by 4^ 5 TV. if M. cap. 6. For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, eight Shillings. Rtpealed by 4 £^5 TV. Cif M. cap. 6. For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, over and above the Duties payable for the same, and so proportionably fora greater' or lesser Measure, two Shillings sixpence; for all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale, whether by Retail or 1 otherwise, to tie paid by the Maker, for every Gallon sixpence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties of Excise hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid unto their Majesti s and their Successors, during the Time before mentioned, and in the same Manner and Form, ai; d by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, expressed, and directed in and by one Act of Parliament made in the first Year of their present Majesties

Reign,

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo Guglielmi & Mariae. Ses. 2. C 10. 465

Reign, intituled, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, or by any 1 ', V L M ' Law now in Force relating to the Revenue of Excite. C 24"

IV. Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to continue the Duties of Excise e.xc'k formerly

granted by an Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for an additional duty^f*}^'. of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, or any other Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other LI aa.'*quors, for any longer Time than the same are respectively granted by the said Act, or any other Act or i w.&m.tr. i. Acts for that Purpose. C 24.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Viftti V ftuallers, callers or Retailers, or common Brewers, who for or within the Space of one Year before the Seventeenth !r'f.krcf' TN of November last, have not hewed their own Beer and Ale, to brew and make the Strong Beer, smallins 1'mlc' Beer, or Ale, drank, confuted, spent, or sold in their respective Houses, out houses, or other Places,

paying the Duty of Excise for the same, in Manner as Brewers and Retailers of Beer and Ale brewing and making the same are liable by the Laws of Excise now in Force; and on their entering the Beer and Ale by them respectively made, at the Excise Office within the Limits wherein such Beer and Ale shall be made, and on the Payment of the Duty of Excise for the same, such Person and Persons shall not be liable to the Penalty of one hundred Pounds imposed in an Act made in this present Parliament, intituled An Ante C 3.

Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one Year; anything in the same Act to the concrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled An 1 y ff 1>

' Act for appropriating certain Duties for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Charges': '2 '

' for his majsty's Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses, the Money accruing and payable to their Majesties by Force of another Act made in the said first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act 1 wk

' for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors (together with other Money arising and c. 2 ' payable by certain other Acts of Parliament) was appropriated for and towards the Payment of six hundred thousand Pounds to the States of the United Provinces: And after the said six hundred thousand Pounds so paid, the Residue of the Money which should accrue and be payable to their Majesties by virtue of the said Act, to be for and towards the subduing of the Rebellion of Ireland, and other Charges of the War against France: And whereas the Increase of the Naval Strength and Force of this Kingdom

is one of the best and most effectual Means for carrying on the War against France, and for maintaining'

the Honour and Safety of the Realm Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys which shall accrue and become payable to their Majesties by virtue of the said Act, intituled, An Act for

an additional Duty of Excise upon.beer, Ale, and aether Liquors, from and afeer the said six hundred thousand Appropriation Pounds shall be paid to the States General: And also all Moneys to be collected, levied, and paid by virtue of this and the of this Act, shall be applied to the Uses following (that is to say) the Sum of five hundred and seventy Kef, due of the thousand Pounds, Part thereof, shall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated for the Build e*cife bcfme ing, and for the Guns, Rigging, and other furnishing of seven and twenty Ships of War, whereof seven bu imin°2 teen to be of the third-rate, and to contain and measure eleven hundred Tonnes, or thereabouts, and to Men of War. carry eighty Guns apiece; and ten to be of the fourth Rate, and to contain and measure nirie hundred Tonnes iw, MIR. 1. or thereabouts, and to carry sixty Guns apiece. C 24.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said seven and twenty Ships of War hereby directed to be built, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby directed to be built and furmshed with all convenient Expedition, the whole Number to be completed with Guns, Rigging, and Furniture, within the Space of four Years, to be accounted from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety one.

Excise and this to be kept apart, and paid sveelcly into the Exchequer. I W. & M. ff. 3. C 24. One third Part to be paid the tvafurer of the Navy, C Treasurer of the Navy, Sec. may assign over the third Part. Officers of the Navy to sign Bills only fur Building. cluft: of Credit for r, 000, 000 1. upon the two Thirds, Annual Surplus of Duties arising by 5 & 6 W. & M. C 7. to be applied for Payment of Principal and Interest due for two Thirds of the Excise hereby granted. Money transferable. Punishment upon Officers neglecting or Misapplying.

The Residue of the lorrner

XX. And whereas by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant scff. 2. C 4.

ing unto their Madefies certain Impositions upon all East-india Goods and Manufactures, and upon all wrought Silks, and feveratother Goods and Merchandise, to be imported after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to advance and lend to their Majesties any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Security of the fi.id Act; and whereas by another Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Continuance cap. 5.

of several former Acts therein mentioned, for the laying fiveral Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to advance and lend to their Majesties any Sum or Sums of Money, as well upon the Security of the same Act, as upon the Security of two for mer Acts therein mentioned, made in the Reign of the late King fames, in such Manner as in the said last mentioned Act made in this present Session of Parliament is expressed Now to the End that it may appear what Moneys shall arise or become payable to their Majesties by virtue of the said Acts, whereby the Moneys advanced to their Majesties upon the Credit of the same may be the better secured, be ft An office of ermfted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of December one Receipt ior thousand six hundred and ninety, during the Continuance of the said Acts respectively, there shall be con customs given tinued, and be within the City of London, an Office for the Receipt of all the Duties and Sums of Money ffirnnerly npnn granted or payable to their Majesties by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them; in which 7-0.

Office all the Moneys arising by the same with in the Port, of London, or in the out ports, or elsewhere): ): C to V ox. III 3o shall be in London.

C. 10. Anno fecuddo gulieflmi & Mari: ^, Ses. 2. A, 1 D. 1690.

hall be well and truly arifvirfcfed and prfid t8 the Receiver or Receivers General of" their Majesties Customs,

t" /" L k I r — H V 1 A rt f 4 U. V r A. 1-, IK u I. Jl' — I i i *- U /«1 _ WA f ^. A'tf bal A A. AW# A '_« A /*A - — *A <aa'l AA A A.' J A^L 1a - _ a 1 1 T O a 1

c.ip. 4. laid Moneys due and payable by virtue of the said Aril, intituled, An Act for granting 'ti; their majesec.

t'afa impofihins upon all Ealt india: Goods entd Mdmifdflures, and upon all wrought Silks, and several other 'oooodt.am merskandfaej to be imp sftccniftxr the five' add twehtiiib Day of December ant 'thousand six hundred and ninety: As also to Separate and, keep apart the whole Receipt of all Moneys granted to their Majesties Cap. 5. by thi said Aril, intituled, An Act for theeco'nfmua nti ofpireralf&hfief acts therein mentioned, for the hying

several Duties ut>on jvind, Vin'ejftr, dftd fbhdteo', bt thereby made a Fririd of Credit as aforesaid, as the Tame hall fcfpe<5&i>ely become due, and' he fiaid Into the said Office by the several receivers^colleaors, or

tl te Residue of Money.

j vjr 1 1 wuiii u, a. u, ij. upjjii juuuutij vvii' tv, u i dje ajiuvruult Uy

Lbqvj and of: stich allowances'of, dam.dged Goods, Sncl bf. Bills' 'bf Tftlrilage, ..as, have usually been made; and Hie Comptroller Gehefal of the Accounts of the Criftofri's (6v the tifr.c being is hereby also required and bomttferidt ct to' keep p&fdk aidmiftinift adcomifs, iri Books Fairly Written, of the said several and fidfijieclive Duties and Sum or Msnfey', as the same hall respectively come in; to which Books all Persons

11" r — r 1 C or Charge. And the said Receiver

from Time to Time, to pay week u, .., — aaa.a.v.w.j, ..dthen the next Day after which ball Hot bftafi Holiday, the ftltfevyral tliid.' fefpd\&tiyc' Sufns its'.aforesaid, into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer', distinril and apfri'c frorh iili the other Mbftfes which he or they shall. receive for their Majesties tlfs: And if life Reteifftr 'pi. Rqceivbr's General for the Time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Receipt of tile e^chefj ufcf, the said Surd's Off Money drifting as aforesaid, in such Mahnfer as he or they are fcejfoffe required tit riritalfted tb do, or shall divert Or misapply, any, Part of the same, then he or they for any such Oftefifie fiiairfbffell his' or their Office 'Of Receiver or Receivers General, and be incapable of hny Office; Employment, Or place of Trull whatsoever, and shall be liable to pay the full Value of any Srirhs or Sums so divertedbh ftttfapplied, to ariy Person or perfoils who shall sue for the fatne, by any ac tidiriof Debt, Bill, Plaint', 'tit Information in any Of their Majesties courts of Record at ivejbrunher, wherein no Essoin, pfrit erilioni, Wager Of: Law, or Privilege, or mote than oiie Imparlance shall be granted or allowed. '* r. ';I' '.. "

Appropriation of

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Out of the Money whi.h shall be levied and

paid by virtue of this Aril into the Receipt Of the Exchequer, as well upon Loan as otherwise, the Sum ol seven hundred thousand Pounds shall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated to and for the Payment of Seamen that hill serve in their Majesties Navy Royal, for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety one; and to and for the Bfilding of.thrde Shljas to be of the third-rate, to contain and Mcaftire bach of thehi one thousand and ftfty. Tonnes, and for providing Grins, Rigging, and other Furniture for the said Shifts'; 1 and "to Ja'nd for the paying for Stores, provisions, and Vidldais to be supplied for the said Navy; and to and for the Expenses of their Majesties Office of Ordiihnce in' relpdcl to Naval Affairs, and for other heccffitry lifts' and Services its be perforriled for the Rid Navy in the Trriie aforesaid; that out of all other the Money which shall be levied and paid into the Money Receipt' of the Exchequer, as well upon Loan as, th erwife, by virtue of this at, or any other Aril of this Session of Parliament, foi

granting Aids or Supplies to their Majesties for reducing Ireland, or prosecuting the War against France,

other than what is as aforesaid appropriated by this Aril, and the Aril For granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred e nd Hvo Sounds eighteen Shillings, for the Payment of Seamen, and other Payments relating to their Majesties Navy, the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds shall be; pplied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated to and for the Payment ol their Majesties Land Forces and Armies that have served and shall serve in England or Ireland, or elie where, and the paying for Arms; Ammunition, Carriages, and all other incident Charges necefiaf? to the same, and net otherwise; that all other Sums of Money paid and payable into Hie Exchequer by virtue ol any of the said Arils, over and above the Sums appropriated to and for the Uses therein expressed, during their respective Continuance, hall, be applied and appropriated to and for the Prosecutioa of the said War against France, and the reducing. Ireland, and the Payment of the Debts that shall he incurred by reason of the said War, and to no other Use or Pulpose whatsoever.

provided always, and. be it enacted, That the said three Ships of War herein last mentioned

to be built; shall be, and are hereby dlreriled to be built and conipleated with Guns, Rigging, anc other Furniture, within the Space of one Year, to be accounted from the twentieth. Day of March next ensuing,

Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for their Majestier to make use of any.sum or Sums, of Money, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds in the whole., granted in this present Session of Parliament, and not particularly appropriated, so as the same be repair and applied to the carrying on of the present War,: out of such Moneys as shall arise from their Majeiiieri Revenue before the four and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundrec ninety and one; anything to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

C zo. 7 3. C 30. 'ti W. 3. C 19. 10 W. 3. 'f.'si. W. 3. r. 11 II J ar.h. St. %. C 3. 4 Ann. C 6. 8 Arm. r. 7. 10

12 Ann. St. C 9. 6 got 'I. t. XI s II Ga. Ivv, 30, r. 28. i' gcc.i, C 16, 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 CC 1. t. 133

Geo. 3. c. 7.

CAP.

Cap.

Ships to be built in a Year.

The King may

dispose of 500, 000 1. not appropriated. Fart hert Prow jioi: s concerning

Exdfc4 jr.

M. C 3.

5 TV. M. r. Inn. C 39. Geo. 2. r. 9. 1

A.D. 1690. Anno secundo guglielmi Sc Marine. sect. 2. C 4.67

CAP. XI (21.).

An act for apfwituing and enabling commissioners; to examine, take, and (late the public Accounts of C X P "' the Kingdom.' Exp. Revived by 5 & 6 W.' Sc M. clip. 23. till! 25 april 1695. 1 \

CAP. XII (22.) < i 5»I io '

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, 'for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety and one, although the moiith's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, ., j§xp.

CAP. XIII (23.)

An Act for preventing Vexatious suits.again! fuel) as acted for their Majesties Service, in Defence of thee X r.

Kingdom.

CAP. XIV (24.)

An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France. [Continued by 4 & 5 W. & M. cap. 25. for three Years, if the War with France laffc so long ],

WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled An act for pro 1^;, t lt*W hiliting all ^frade and Commerce with France, it was provided, That if any French Wines, Vine 1, c'

gar, Brandy, Linen, Silks, Salt, Paper, and other Commodities, of the Growth, Product, or Manu tafture of France, or of the Territories or Dominions of the French King, or any Goods, Commodities,

' or Manufactures, mixed with any Goods or Commodities being of the Growth, Product, oralanufac ture of any of the Dominions or Territories, of the French King, should be imported contrary to the said Act, they should be Raved, spilled, dellroyed, or burnt, in fifth Manner as is by the said Act di rested: which, diverse of the said Goods, Commodities, and Manuraftures taken, or

' pretended to be taken, as Prizes, have been imported, but not Raved, spilled, burnt or derroyed, according to the Provision of the said Act : For Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual putting the said Act in Execution:

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, band with the Advice and Penalty on OM. Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and cr offend.ng. by the Authority of the same, that if any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Prizes shall wilfully or knowingly suffer any of the said Goods, Commodities, or Manufactures, imported as Prizes or, other wise, '." contrary to the said Act, to be admitted to an Entry, or to be embezilled, and not raved', spilled, burnt, or dellroyed, in such manner as by the said act is directed; such Officer or officers.shalt, Being abere

of lawfully convicted, forfeit the Sum of five hundred pounds, whereof'.one moiety ..to le io theiqmfjefi* lies, their Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall discover and Cue for the same, and also shall for ever afterwards be incapable of having or executing any Office in their ma jesties Revenue.

EXP.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time Penalty upon or Times from and after the hrft Day of February one thousand six hundr. d and ninety, shall sell, or ut wineiil vessels ter by Retail, in of by any Glass Bottle or Bottles, or in or by any other retail Measure, hot made of u, \ealed. &c.' Pewter, and sealed according to Law, any Lind of Wine or Wines whatsoever, or any other Liquor exposed

to Sale for Wine, or shall feil the same fora greater Price than by the aforementioned Act is appointed, and shall be convicted thereof by the Confession of the Party, or by, the Gath, of two credible

witnesses, before one or more Justice or jurices of the Peace of the County, City', 'or Place where Rich Offence shall be committed (who are hereby required and empowered to adminirer an Oath to that purpose) such Person being prosecuted for 'such Offence within thirty Days next after such Offence committed; that then every Person: so offending shall forfeit, and pay for every such Offence the Penalty and Sinn of fifty Shillings, which, if mot paid upon 'demand, shall be levied by Di ft refs and Sale of; the poods and Chattles of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the justice.or jurices before whom such Conviction shall be made; which war rant the said justice and jurices are hereby im powered and required to grant to the conrable, lleadborough, or 'Eythingman of the Parish, P lace where such Oflenec shall be committed, who are hereby required and authorized immediately to levy, the same accordingly, rendering the 'Overplus to the Owner thereof; the foetid Penalty, Forfeiture, and Moneys fg levied,: to be given to the Informer; and for want of sufficient Difirefs, die Offender shall be committed toithe common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he Rial 1 pay the fifid Money apd Penalty, and all necessary Costs and Charges of Rich Conviction and Prosecution; Raid c'qlts to be! taxed ibyithe Justice or Justices before whom>the said Conviction was made.

IV. Provided, That where any ^offender shall be punished by Force of this Act, he shall not be pro Verson [.unified fecuted, nor incur the Penalty of any Other law or Statute for the same Offence; and, that no Writ or- ?' Roto Writs of Certiorari shall be granted or allowed to supersede or remove any conviction or Proceedings in jjo esttiouri, pursuance of this Act, but that 'Execution and all other Proceedings, mall and may be had and jmade ' 1 thereupon; anyruchw riftor Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

3o2 'V,

4-6 8 C i — 2. Anno tertio Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1691.

Penalty upon*V And whereas several Officers and Informers have been hindered, abused, beaten, and wounded, to the Persons diiiuib Hazard of their Lives, in the due Execution of their several Trusts and Services in their respective Places, mginiormers.«by Companies and Multitudes of Men; and prohibited Goods have by Force and Violence, as well by

Land as by, water, been forcibly carried and conveyed away; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Officer or Informer, or any other Person or Persons empowered by this Act, or the aforesaid Act of Prohibition, shall be by any Person or Persons forcibly hindered, abused, beaten, or wounded in the due Execution of this or the aforesaid Act, all and every Person and Persons so refilling, abusing, beating, or wounding the said Officer or Informer, or other Persons empowered thereby, or such as shall act in their Aid and Assistance, shall by the next Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, be committed to Prison, there to remain till the next Quarter sessions; and the Justices of the said Quarter sessions shall and are hereby empowered to punish the Offenders by Fine, not exceeding five Pounds; and the Offender L to remain in Prison till he be discharged both of the Fine and Imprisonment, by order of the said juf tipes, or any two of them.

CAP. XV (25.)

*2 & 23 Car. 2. An Act for Relief of Poor Prisoners for. Debt, or Damages. [Revived by 5 & 6 W. & M. Cap. 8. EXP.]

C C

30 Car. z, flat.

1. C 4.

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI 6c mariie tertio.

1 IT the Parliament begun at Westminster the twentieth Day of March Anno Dom 1689, in the secs cond Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, WILLIAM and MARY, by the C X 8k. Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King and Queen, Defenders of the Faith, Y. And from thence continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the two and twen tieth Day of October 1691, being the third. Session of this present Parliament.,

CAP. I.

An Act for granting to their majesties.certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One 1 W. M: Year. Excise upon Beer, tdc. given for a Year. Lodgers of Carriers, &c. Retailers. No private

sc(t. 1. C 24. Person shall brew where there is a common Brewer, except he has brewed within a Year and he shall

iw.fim, pay Excise. Justices of Peace, &c. may try Crimes about Excise. Penalties here given how recover

c. 22 ed. Rebate upon Exportation of Mum, &c. Brewer shall not carry away Part of his Guile before the

CC 4'48.'whole.be finished, nor mix llrong Worts with the small. Excise charged upon the common Brewer.

This Act in Force for a Year only. Officers of the Excise not to meddle in Elections of Parliament. Gagers to give Notes of their last Gauges. Revived by 4 & 5 W. & M. Cap. 5. to continue during that Act, and to the End of the next Session. Exp.

CAP. II.

An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in Ireland in the second Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign ' Lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act restoring to the Crown the ancient Jurisdiction over the 1 estate Ecclesiastical and Spiritual, and abolishing all Foreign Power repugnant to the same, the Persons there. ' in mentioned are thereby obliged to take the Oath in the said Act expressed

The Oath made Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and

in Ireland 2 £iiz. C X»abrogated.

What Persons are bound to take the new Oaths.

Persons within 30 mijes of Dublin, to take them in the King's. bt^cb,

3

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Person whatsoever residing in Ireland shall be obliged to take the said Oath by Force or Virtue of the said recited Statute, or any other Statute whatsoever; that the said Statute, and every other Statute, for so much only as concerns the said Oath, shall be and are hereby repealed, utterly rbrogated and made void.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Oaths appointed, intended, or required by this Act to be taken, from and after the first Day of January next in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety one, be taken by the Persons herein and hereafter mentioned, and by every such ocher Person and Persons, as were appointed and required by the said recited Act, or any other Statute whatsoever made in Ireland, to take the said abrogated Oath, before such Person or Persons, and in such Court as hereafter in this Act is expressed (that is to say) all and every Archbishop and Bishop of the Realm of Ireland, that; now is, and all and every Person of or above the Degree of a Baron of Parliament there, and all and every other Person and Persons Inhabitants of or residing within the said Realm of Ireland, now having anyi Promotion, Office, or Employment Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, or receiving any Pay, Salary, See, or Wages, by Reason of any Patent or Grant of their Majesties, or any of their Predecessors, or being Master, Governor, Head, or Fellow of the College or University of Dublin, or Master of any Hospital, or School, or Barrister at Law, Clerk in Chancery, Attorney, or Profellor of Law, Physic, or other Science, that fhauinhabitj.be, or reside within the City of Dublin, or within thirty Miles of the same,

A.D. 1691. Anno tertio Guglielmi & Mariae. C 2. 469

on the first Day of Hilary Term next, or at any Time during the said Term, in their Majestics High Ptrr<, r]s, br ve Court of Chancery in that Kingdom, or in the Court of King's Bench there, in public and open Court, 3° between the Hours of nine of the Clock and twelve in the Forenoon; and all the said Persons which inha m lic'10d*bit at greater Distance from the said City, at the General Quarter sessions (o be held for that County,

Barony, or Place in Ireland aforesaid, where he or they shall be or reside, in open Court between the said

Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, at any Time before the five and twentieth Day of July next;

and shall likewise make and subscribe, and audibly repeat, the Declaration herein and hereafter mentioned, xheymuft re

and expressed; all which shall be put on record in the said respective Courts; and every l'crfon taking the peat the Dicta

lame hall pay to the Clerk for recording thereof, one Shilling, and no more. Any if any Archbishop orration;

Bishop, or any other Person having any ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion, or being a Lecturer or cu p*"^'* rate, shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, as afore clergymen" said, then he or they shall be ipso fadio deprived, and is and are hereby adjudged to be deprived of his not Eking the and their Offices, Dignities, and Promotions Ecclesiastical, and incapable to be le£turer or Curate in any Oaths,

1 lace or Cure whatsoever; and all and every other Person having any Office, or receiving any pay, Salary, See, or Wages, by reason as aforesaid, or being Matter, Governor, Head, or Fellow of the said uni verfity or College, or Matter of any Hospital, or School, Barrister at Law, Clerk in Chancery, attor my, or Profettor of Law, Physic, or other Science, as aforesaid, that hall negletft or refuse to take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, within the Time, and in the Manner aforesaid^"r'pexn" respectively, shall be ipso faflo thenceforth adjudged uncapable and disabled in Law, to all Intents and pur cfonding. " poles whatsoever, to have, occupy or enjoy such Office, Pay, Salary, See, Wages, Mastership, governor's Place, Headship, Fellowship, Employment or Employments, or any Part of them, or any Matter, or Thing aforesaid, or any profit or Advantage appertaining to them, or any of them; and every such Office and Place shall be void, and is hereby adjudged to be void.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person that shall become a barrif b.>rriflers, veter at Law, Attorney, Clerk, or Officer in Chancery, or any other Court, their Deputy or Deputies, or'°tlke tl shall succeed or practice as such in Ireland, at any Time after the last Day of Hilary Term next, shall °^tstebdel^e and is hereby required to take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, in the Courtpm, i0jment. of King's Bench at Dublin, in opeii Court in Term Time, between the Hours aforesaid, to be recorded as aforesaid, before he shall be admitted to enjoy or exercise any Place or Office, or to practice or plead in any,

Court of Law or Equity, or any other Court of Record, or not of Record; and that all Persons that hall after All p rfanf, the first Day of March next be admitted into any Office or Employment, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or come who were to into any Capacity, in respect or by reason whereof they should have been obliged to take the said abro t2,; <: theabroc. gated Oath in the said recited at mentioned, shall take the said Oaths, ard make and subscribe the said Declaration hereby appointed, hereafter expressed, in such Manner, at such Times, and before such per ihedecura fofts, as they should or ought to have taken the said former Oath, by virtue of the said recited A fit, iiirian. case the same had not been hereby abrogated as aforesaid.

V. And forasmuch as great Disquiet and many dangerous Attempts have been made, to deprive their Ma no Member jetties and their Royal vredeceftors of the said Realm of Ireland', by the Liberty which the Popish rccu ot either House fants there have had and taken to sit and vote in parliament be it enacted by the Authority afo refiud.tyj 'tyt1 That from and after the last Day of January next, no Person that now is, or shall be hereafter a Peer otytyfff that Realm, or Member of the House of Peers there, shall vote or make his Proxy in the said House of the ouh

Peers, or sit there during any Debate in the said House; any Person that after the said last Day of ja sv.i. rx.lut'wn. nuary shall be a Member of the House of Commons, shall be capable to vote in the said House, or sit there during any Debate in the same, after their Speaker is chosen, until he first take the Oaths herein and hereafter mentioned and expressed, and make, subscribe, and audibly repeat this Declaration following

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely in the Presence of God profess, testify, and declare. That I do be thstfect»t.u!cn. 4 X lieve, that in the Sacrament of the lord's Supper there is not any Transubstantiation of the Ele tnents of Bread and Wine into the Body and Blood of Christ, at or after the Consecration thereof by any Person whatsoever: that the Invocation or Adoration of the Virgin Mary, or any other Saint,

and the Sacrifice of the Mass, as they are now used in the Church of Rome, are superstitious and idolatrous. And I do solemnly in the Presence of God profess, testify, and declare. That I do make this Declaration, and every Part thereof, in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words read unto me, as they are commonly underwood by Protestants, without any Evasion, Equivocation, or mental Reserva.

tion whatsoever, and without any dispensation already granted me for this Purpose by the Pope, or any other Authority, or Person whatsoever, or without any Hope of any such Dispensation from any Person or Authority whatsoever, or without believing that 1 am or can be acquitted, before God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof, although the Pope, or any other Person or Persons,

or Power whatsoever, should dispense with or annul the same, or declare that it was null and void from.

the Beginning.'

VI. Which said Oaths and declaration shall be in the next and every succeeding Parliament to be heldbfowntbe in Ireland, solemnly and publicly made and subscribed, betwixt the Hours of nine in the morning.and"et'hac four in the Afternoon, by every such peer.and Member of the House of Peers there, at. the Table in' thehers.

Middle of the said House, 'before he take his Place in the said House of Peers, and whilst a full House of Peers is there present, and their Speaker in his Place; and by every such Member of the House of Commons, at the Table in the Middle of tyre said House, and whilst a full House of Commons, is. there duty

fitting.

sitting with their Speaker in his Chair; and that the same be done in either House in suchlike Order or ..; Method as whereby each House is called over respectively; during the making and subscribing thereof, clerk of each and taking the said Oaths, all Business and Debates in either House respectively shall cease; the Clerk cord die oaths^hiiife respectively, is hereby required to record the same in Roils prepared for that purpose, and

cor ie a 1. ^eryvmcmber Of cither House shall pay to such respective Clerk for recording thereof, one Shilling, 'and' no more.

punishaen't'VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that.if any Person that now is, or hereafter uf>6h Members shall be, a Peer of Ireland, or Member of the House of Peers, or Member of the House of Commons that shall become a Bar rider at Law, Attorney, Clerk, or Officer in Chancery, or any other Court, lirncgieain g.' n'n.d ^11 and every Deputy and Deputies in any Office whatsoever, shall presume to offend, contrary to this 0'ASI; that then every such Peer and Member, and such other Person and i'ersons so offending, shall be

thenceforth disabled to hold or execute any Office or Place of Profit, or Trust, Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, in any of their Majesties Realms of Ireland or England, or Dominion of Wales, of Town of bcrvoick upon Tweed, orin' any of their Majesties Islands or Foreign Plantations, to the said Realms b.' ibnging; and shall be disabled from thenceforth to sit or vote in either House of Parliament of the said Rbalm of Ireland, or make a Proxy in the House of pec>s there, or to sue or use any Action, Bill, Plaint, or ll formation in Course of Law, or to prosecute any Suit in any Court of Equity, or to be Guardian of arty Child, or.executor or Administrator of any Person, or capable of any Legacy or Deed of Gift, and shall forfeit, for every wilful Offence against this Act, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and received by him, her, or them that will fuc for the same, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, on Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no eftoin, Protection, or w'jgtr of Law shall lie or be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

And be it further enacted, That the Oaths that are intended and required to be taken by this Act, axe the Oaths in these expressed Words hereafter following

The new Oaths.

*' F, tl'

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance, to their Ma' JL jeftres King William and Queen Mary

f .' So help me God, 'C,

I A.B. do swear. That I do from my Heart abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical, that A damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be ckposed or murdered by their subjects, or any other whatsoever. And I do declare, ' That no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate hath, or ought to have, any Jurisdiction, ' Power, Superiorly, preeminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm:

So help me God, 'C

p.hnns ex

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Person now Chaplain emptej. Secretary, 'or Attendant to any of their Majesties Ambafiadots, Envoys, Ministers, or Resident in any

Foreign Courts, or Preacher to any English Factory, or to any Chaplains in their Majesties Service by Sea of Land, out of the Kingdom of Ireland, so as they take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration hereby required, within three Months after their Return; nor to any other Person of the pro testant Religion, now in "Office or Place of Trust or Profit out of the Kingdoms of Ireland or England, who shall return into the said Realm of Ireland, and take the same at any Time before the five and twentieth Day bf deejnber one thousand six hundred ninety-two, in the Court of King's Bench there, the next Term after their respective Arri al in that Kingdom. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the taking away Me Office or Place of Vice treasurer of Ireland from William Harbord Esquire, who is 'now employed by their Majesties as their Ambassador Extraordinary to mediate a Peace between the Gbriflians and the Turks, but that he the said William Harbord shall have Liberty to take the said Oaths, and subscribe the said Decla ation, as are directed by this present Act, any Time within two Months after his Return into the said Kingdom of Ireland; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. Jriih Archl ifliop X And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Archbishop and Bishop in the said ^hnv iif h's r " Kealnr of Ireland, and every other Person and 1 ersons now having any Ecclesiastical Office, Dignity, or Tern i"y;, 0 Promotion, or being a Lecturer or Curate in the said Kingdom, that shall happen to be in this Realm of Enr shall take the gland the first Day of Hilary Perm, which: shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred nin& oulis hoe, andty and northeast, shall take the said Oaths, and make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the said Declaration, ber Hkewiie in fore the End of the said Term, in their Majesties Court ol Chancery, or in the Court of King's Bench, in this Realm of england, and shall again take the Did Oaths, and make, subscribe, rnd audibly repeat the said i^ecl dilution before the five and twentieth Dav nf Ak which shall hp in thp Vpur rs mir T nrri

Penalty for not taking chi Oaths here.

All other Officers in Ireland

one thousand six hundred ninety air Kingdom of Ireland, in the jviornin_

be put upon Record in the said respective Courts, in Manner as aforesaid. And if any such Archbishop, or Bishop, or other Person in any < cci efiastical Office, Dignity or Promotion, or being a Lecturer or Curare in the said Kingdom of Ireland, happening to be within this Realm at the Time aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths, and to make, subscribe, and repeat the said Declaration, within either of the Times before mentioned; Then he or they shall be ipso fairo deprived, and is and are hereby adjudged to be deprived, of his or their Archbishopricks, Bishoprics, and ecclesiastical Offices, Dignities, take^tneo lths an Promotions, and incapable to be Ledlurer or Curate in any Place or Cure whatlower. And all and iwre.' "every other Person or Persons having any Office, or receiving any Pay, Salary, See, or Wages, by reason

3

A.D. 1691. Anno tertio Gun elm i & Mart, G. 2. 47

of any Patent or Grant from their Majesties, or any of their predecessors, or being Mailer, Governor

Head of any College in the University of Dublin, or Mailer of any Hospital, or School, or Barrister at Law', Clerk in Chancery, Attorney, 'or Professbr of Law or Physic, or other Science, that shall reside or inhabit in this Realm on the first Day of the said Hilary Derm, shall before the End of the said Term take the said Oaths, and make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the said Declaration, in their ma iefties Court of Chancery, or Court of kina's b.rah, in this Realm of England. And in case such other Penury, Person or Person3, so resident and inhabiting in this Realm of England, shall neglect or r fuse to take the said Oaths, and make, subscribe, and repeat the said. before the End of the said.

Hilary Derm, he or they shall be ipso fablo thenceforth adjudged incapable, and disabled in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoeverj to hac, occupy and enjoy such Office, Pay, Salary, See, Wages, Mastership, governor's place, Headship, Fellowship, and Employment or Employments, or any Part of them; and every such Office or Place shall be void, and is hereby adjudged to be void; and if such other Person or Persons so residing or inhabiting in the Realm of England, on the said ftrll Day of Hilary Derm, shall take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration as aforesaid, it shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been then resident in Inland, and had in Manner, and in the Time before mentioned, taken the said Oaths, and made, subscribed, and repeated the said Declaration, in any of the said Courts of the said Realm of Ireland.

XL. Provided ulway, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to hinder or disablepfr! t, iy who any Person or Persons, who on the third of October one thousand six hu dred ninety one, were inhabiting qjj or residing in Lymerick, or any aether Garrison then in the Possession of the Irish, or any Officers or Soldiers hac fuk.'.itkj then in Arms, by virtue of any Commission of the late King James, or those authorised by him to grant ro th K.; nt, the same, in the several Counties of Lymerick, Clare, Kerry, Cork, and Maynv, or any of them, or any lived.

commissioned Officers then in their Majesties Quarters, that did belong to the Irish Regiments then in Being, or were then treated with, or who were not Prisoners of War, and who had not then taken pro testion, and have fmee returned and submitted to their Majesties Obedience, from using, exercising, and prabtifing his or their Profession or Calling of Barrister at Law, Clerk in Chancery, or Attorney or practice! of Law or Physic; but they may freely use, exercise, and practice the same, as they did in the reicr.i of the late King Clearies the Second; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That every such Barrister at Law, Clerk in Chancery, or Attorney or They mcs Pradtieer of Law or Physic, who shall claim any Benefit hereby, to be exempted from taking the Oaths, £:, k tnjr. and making, 'subscribing, and repeating the Declaration in this Act mentioned, in the Court, and in Manner hereby appointed, shall make out his Claim thereunto, according to the respective Qualifications rmn. herein before expressed, before the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, in open Court there in term time, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Morning, on or before the last Day of Michaelmas 'Perm next, to be there allowed and recorded; for the Entry whereof upon Record there shall be one shilling paid, and no more; and in Default of such Claim made, to be excluded from the same.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any such Person, before he hath taken the said 5co' rpr, ' Oath to be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to, their Majesties, in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, or

at the general Quarter sessions of the Peace, in the County, City, or Place, where such Person shall in 'j'ric.' habit, and procured the same, to be recorded, and obtained the Certificate thereof, shall use, exercise, or dens Kioto fct practice such his Calling or Profession - forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to such Personas will 'us nvom. sue for the same, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record in Ireland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and further, such Person so using or exercising his Profession or Calling, shall be adjudged uncapable ever to use or exercise. said Profession or Calling.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for two or Juit or

more Justices of the Peace, whereof one shall be of the Quorum, within any County, City, or Town Cot:

porate in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and they are hereby required, to direct their Warrant or Warrants

to any Constable, Tithyngman, Headborough, or other Officer, to summon any Person of the Age of u rivms above eighteen Years or upwards, to appear before such Justices, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in eighteen, such Warrant, to take the Oath before mentioned, to be faithful and bear true Allegiance to their Majesties:

And if such Person, being so furhmoned, shall not appear at the Time and Place, having no lawful Let or pcmuy upon Impediment, or appearing shall refuse to take the said Oath, being tendred to him or her by the said justices; the said Justices shall commit such person making Default, or refilling to take the said Oath, to the common Gaol or House of Conedtion, there to remain without bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Mrnths, unless such Offender shall pay down to the Justices, or any of them, such Sum of Money, net exceeding forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall require such Offender to pay; which Money shall be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place where such Offender did last inhabit; and at forne Time after the End of three Months after such Default 0.1- Refufft, two or more of such Justices, as aforesaid, shall have Power, and are hereby required, to direct their Warrant in Manner as aforesaid; to fuinrpon such Offender to appear before them to take the said Oath; and if such Offender pena. be summor.ed, and make Default at the Time and Place appointed, not haying any lawful Let or I'm frrend Reufc!* pediment, or appearing, shall refuse to take the said Oath, being tendred to him orhe.r; the said Justices shall commit i such Offender to the common. Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of six Months without Bail or Mainprize, unless such Offender fnalj pay down to the said Justices, or any of them, such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor under five Pounds, as the said Justices shall require, which said Money shall be disposed of to the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place, in Manner as aforesaid; and unless such Offender shall become bound with two sufficient sureties, with Condition,

472

Penalty upon third Refufil. ig R. t. C 5.

£)echx\utons appointed for Quakers in Place of lie Oaths, which exempt them f.om the Penalties.

C 3 — 8. Anno tertio Guglielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1691.

dition to appear at the next Assizes or general Gaol Delivery, to be held for such County where such O, Fender shall inhabit or reside, and in the mean Time to be of the good Behaviour; at which Assizes or Gaol Delivery the said Oath shall be tendred to such Offender by the Justices of Assize or general Gaol Delivery, in their open Assizes or Sessions; and if upon such Tender such Offender shall refuse to take the said Oath, he shall incur the Danger and Penalty of Pramunire, mentioned in the Statute of Pramunire in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, except Women Covert, who upon Refusal of the said Oath shall be by ths said Justices of Assize, in their open Assize or general Gaol Delivery, committed only to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, till they will take the said Oath.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That whereas there are certain Dissenters in Ireland commonly called Quakers, who scruple the taking any Oath, it shall be sufficient for every such Dissenter, he or she producing a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of six or more sufficient Men of the Congregation, to which he or ilie belongs, owning him or her for one of them, to make and subscribe the following Declaration:

C T i 5. do sincerely promise and solemnly declare before God and the World, That I will be true C JL and faithful to King William and Queen Mary, and I do solemnly profess and declare, that I do

from my Heart abhor, detest, and renounce, as impious and heretical, that damnable Doctrine and Po ' fition, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, maybe ae 1 posed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever. And I do declare. That no foreign Prince,

' Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate hath or ought to have any Power, Jurisdiction, Superiority, Prc

eminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm: '

And every such Dissenter so subscribing shall be and is hereby exempted from the Penalties mentioned in this Act.

tion does not

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That no such Person called Quaker, shall by such Declaration and sub mae them a feription be capable to take, have, or hold, any Office, Employment, Place, Pay, Salary, See, Grant, jubieof Office. Wages, or any other Place of Profit or Trust, whereunto any Person taking the fijid Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration in the Courts aforesaid, shall or may be intituled; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. b"ldif^nfed°t to

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not be dispensed with by any Warrant vlh, pcn L 01 Fetters Patents under the Great Seal of England or Ireland; but that all such Warrants, and Clauses of Dispensation thereof in any such Warrants or Letters Patents, are hereby declared to be null and void, and of no Effect; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax. Four Shillings per Acre to be paid for Tithe of Flax or Hemp, to be recovered as other Tithes. This Duty enlarged to 5s. by 11 & 12 W. 3. C 16. Land discharged by Alodus saved. To continue for seven Years.

CAP. IV.

An Act for preserving two Ships Lading of Bay Salt, taken as Prize, for the Benefit of their Majesties Navy.

CAP V

An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred and two Pounds eighteen Shillings, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

CAP. VI.

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable quarterly for one Year, for the carrying on a vigorous War

against France.

CAP. VII.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety and two, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Encouragement of the breeding and feeding of Cattle.

Beef, Pork, VJ'O R the Encouragement of breeding and fatting of Cattle for the common Good and Welfare of this Butter, cheese, Jy Kingdom, be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice See. may be ex ancj Costfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, trat Cllllom' and by Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety one, and from thence forward, it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, native or foreign, at any Time or Times, to ship, lade, carry, and transport, or export, from and out of any Port, Harbour, or Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, into any Part of the World in Amity with their Majesties, all Sorts of Beef, Pork, or hogs flesh, Butter, Cheese, or Candles, free from any Custom or Imposition whatsoever; the Act made 2 W. ! M. in the second Year of their present Majesties, intituled An act for granting to their Mayflies a Subsidy of

J. 4- Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, or any other

Law, Statute, Usage or other Prohibition to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding,

tertio Gulielmi & Mariae

473

A.D. 1691.

C 9.

vit ol* r»>m ing

every Person or?

1 notile wurrn

leq»v. lo & 1 i W. 2 -5. 5 Ann. i. ST. Ann. L C 7.

CAP. IX.

An act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment.

' FORASMUCH as diverse wicked and ill disposed Persons are encouraged to commit Robberies upon zn. s.

' Jj Mens Persons, and in their Houses, and other Offenders, by the Privilege, as the Law now is, of demanding the Bern fit of their Clergy Be it therefore enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Anv r'rron con majeslics, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common - L: -

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and eve;

Persons that shall at any Time from and after the firs Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand l!leie or six hundred ninety one, rob any other Person, or shall feloniously take away any Goods or Chattels, being no IV rfon/s. C in any dwelling house, the Owner or any other Person being the rein, and put in Fear, or fhujl rob any or Oamish* dwelling house in the daytime, any Person being the rein, or shall comfort, aid, abet, afllff, counsel, lose

hire, or command any Person or Persons to commit any of the said Offences, or to break any Dwelling^Shop, or Warehouse, thereunto belonging, or therewith used, in the daytime, and feloniously'3. take away any Money, Goods, or Chattel, of the Value of five Shillings or upwards, therein being, al r. though no Person shall be within such dwelling house, Shop, or Warehouse, or shall counsel, hire, orft* command any Person to commit any Burglary, being thereof convicted or attainted, or being indibled thereof shall Hand mute, or will not directly answer to the Indiblment, or shall peremptorily challenge above the Number of twenty Persons returned to be of the Jury, shall not have the Benefit of his or their Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever be p., rcn5 indiits* indibled of any Offence, for which, by virtue of any former Statute, he or they are excluded from having for a Crane, of the Benefit of his or their Clergy, if he or they had been thereof convicted by Verdict or Confession; he 'vh, C j>'jn6

or they Hand mute, or will not answer directly to the Felony, or shall challenge peremptorily above

Number of twenty Persons returned to be of the Jury, or shall be outlawed thereupon, shall not be ad ' if

mitted to the Benefit of his or their Clergy. they (land mute,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hereafter be in &= ajal not dibted of Felony for Healing of any Goods or Chattel in any County within this Realm of England, Domi Jjvc u. of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and thereof be convicted or attainted, or upon his or their crime as Arraignment shall Hand mute, or will not directly answer to the Indiblment, cr shall challenge perempto "bove/kta" rily above the Number of twenty Persons returned to be of the Jury, he or they shall be totally excluded wrong County, from having the Benefit of his or their Clergy, if it appear upon Evidence or Examination before the if they (lund Juffiees, that the said Goods or Chattel were taken by Robbery or Burglary, or in any other Manner, In

any other County, whereof if such Person or Persons had been convicted by a Jury of the said otherp] C County, he or they are excluded, by virtue of this or any other Act, from having the Benefit of his or i. 33.' their Clergy.

IV. And forasmuch as Thieves and Robbers are much encouraged to commit such Offences, because Boyers offlclcn*a gmat Number of Persons make it their Trade and Business to deal in the buying of Holen Goods; 'Be Goods reputed it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall buy or receive any ^ciccnjr, i's, e Goods or Chattel that shall be feloniously taken or Holen from any other Person, knowing the same to be 'e'on: "

Holen, he or they shall be taken and deemed an Accessary or Accessaries to such Felony after the Fabl, and See farther con ifiall incur the same Punishment, as an Accessary or Accessaries to the Felony after the Felony committed.

ftoten G ods, i Ann fiat. 2. C 9. 5 Ann. C 31* 4 qco>

fiarics

11.

C V And whereas it is a frequent Prablice for idle and disorderly Persons to hire Lodgings with an Intent to have an Opportunity to take away, imbezil, or purloin the Goods and Furniture being in such Lodgings; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or per ste din" Golds soils shall take away, with an Intent to Heal, imbezil, or purloin any Chattel, Bedding, or Furniture, ltom Lodgingo which by Contrabl or Agreement he or they are to use, or shall be let to him or them to use, in or with g1011!'1 such Lodging, such taking, imbezilling, or purloining, shall be to all intents and Purposes taken, reputed, and adjudged to be Larceny and Felony, and the Offender shall suffer as in Case of Felony.

V. And whereas by the Law of this Realm, Women convicted of Felony for Healing of Goods and Wown wmia Chattel of the Value of ten Shillings and upwards, and for other Felonies, where a Man is to have the ot limes for Benefit of his Clergy, are to suffer Death Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Man being convicted of any Felony for which he may demand the Benefit of his Clergy, if a

Woman be convicted for the same or like Offence, upon her Prayer to have the Benefit of this Statute, puri fifihr/en.

Judgement of Death shall not be given against her upon such Conviction, or Execution awarded upon any By 4 & 5 vv

Outlawry for such Offence, but hall suffer the same Punishment as a Man should suffer, that has the Be V'J;

nefit of his Clergy allowed him in the like Case; that is to say, shall be burnt in the bland by the Gaoler ci«'7y but u7ccj

in open Court, and further be kept in Prison for such Time as the Justices in their Discretion shall think fit, so as the same do not exceed one year's Imprisonment.

VII. And forasmuch as such Men who have once had their Clergy, and such Women who shall have where a Person once the Benefit of this Statute, may happen to be indibled for an Offence committed afterwards in some l': s '1', s

other County; ' Be it therefore enacted, That the Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of the th j County°" Assizes, where such Man or Woman shall be convicted, shall at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other clerk of the in their Majesties Behalf, certify a Transcript, briefly and in few Words containing the Effebl and Tenor Crown, see.

f every Indiblment and Conviction of such Man or Woman, of his having the Benefit of the Clergy, crfli: L vemfy it, Voi. III ' 3 P her

474 C

10.

Anno tertio Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1691.

her having the Benefit of this Statute, and Addition of every such Person or Persons, and the Certainty of the Felony and Conviction, to the Judges and Justices in such other County where such Man or Woman shall be indicted, which Certificate being produced in Court, hall be a sufficient Proof that such Man hath before had the Benefit of his Clergy, and that such Woman hath had the Benefit of this Statute. [Made papctual by 6 k 7 W. 3. cap. 14. §. i.j

33 R. 2. flat. 1 C 33.

19 H. 7. C 11. 5 £jiz. C a 1.

3 Jig. ic. 13.

7j' C 1. '.it

J 3 Jar. 2. flat.

I. C TO.

22 & 23 Car. 2. C 25.

Per fori convict before a Justice of Peace of Deer stealing,

CAP. X

An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many rood Laws before this Time made, and till in Force, which do prohibit unlawful Coursing, Hunting, or killing of Deer; yet in as much as th: Penal ties thereby provided, are found by daily Experience not to be sufficient to deter diverse lewd, sturdy, and disorderly Persons, who considerate together in great Numbers, making amongst themselves as it were a Brotherhood and Fraternity, whereby if any of them shall be discovered and convicted, which seldom happens because of their great Force and clandestine Manner of Combination, they by a common Contribution (for the mould Part) advance and pay, for such Persons so apprehended, the pecuniary Penalties (which are but small) inflicted on such Offnders, by reason whereof the other Confederates escape dif 'covery and condign Punishment Therefore for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of such Persons,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's moult Excellent. Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in if he afterwards the "hear of our Lord one thou End six hundred ninety-two, unlawfully course, hunt, take in Toyls, hunt Dei for ]cihs wound, or take away any red or fallow Deer in any Forest, Chase, Purlieu, Paddock, Wood, Park, 1 - or other Ground enclosed, where Deer are, have, or shu be usually kept, within the Realm of England,

' J or Dominion of Wales, without the consent.of the Owner or Person chiefly entrusted with the Custody thereof, cr hall he aijing or assisting the rein, and shall be convicted thereof by the Confession of the Party, or by. the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justices of the Peace oath same County wherein tyre Offence shall be committed, or the Party offending apprehended (which Oath the said Justice or Justices hereby are impowered to administer) and such Persons being prosecuted. for such Q p C Offence within twelve Months after such Offence done; that then every such person so offending by un 2- I3'°" lawful Coursing or Hunting only, when no Deer is taken, worm 'ed or killed, hall forfeit for every such Offence

the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in case any Deer ball by such Person or Persons be wounded, taken in^oyls, or killed, that for each Deer so wounded, killed, or taken, such Person or Persons shall reflectively forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds, to be levied byway of Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of every such offender, by Warrant under the Justice or Justices Hand before whom such Conviction or Convictions shall be made; the cne third Part of such Forfeitures to be given, to the Informer or Informers, the other Part to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other third Part to the Owner of such Deer; and for want of sufficient Distress, that then such per invpnfonca snd bans ff all suffer Imprisonment by the Space of one whole Year, without Bail or Main prize, and ball pilloried for be set in the Pillory by the Space of one Hour, on lbme Market day in the next adjoining Town to the Want of Di Place where such Offence was committed, by the Chief Officer or Officers of such market town, or stress. by his or their under officer or Officers.

Constables may

III. And be it further enacted, That every Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman (being thereto ous^houftsb authorised by the Warrant of one or more Justices of Peace, under his or their hands and Seals) shall <justice ofwacearc* n'a>' have fjullpower and Authority (and hereby is required) to enter into and search (in such man his Warrant. nor, and with such power as in Case where Goods are stolen or suspected' to be stolen) the House or if Veniibn. X C Houses, out houses or other Places belonging to such Houses of suspected Persons; in case any Veni

he found, and r -' V TI n " 1 % r 1 r 1^n 1 1 s '

Person i House

fdcuuon may be within 3 Years.

For each Deer, V tumded 30 I. Penalty levied by Dili refs.

Person to be

Conviction of

Deer Stealing. 1 Salk. 333.

Constable may detain the Per.

bought such Venison, Skins, or Toyls, or some other credible Witness to depose upon Oath such Sale of the said Venison or Skins; that then such Person not giving such good Account, nor producing any such Witness as aforesaid, hail be convicted by the said Justice of such Offence, who, on such Conviction, shall be uibje ct unto the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby inflicted for the killing of any one Deer, in the same Manner as if thereof convicted as aforesaid.

IV. And to the end that no Persons convicted of any of the Offences as aforesaid, may escape Punish'

i1..1 tin difl-efs ment their Flight or other Removal, after such Conviction, be it further enacted by and with the Au

rcunv.d. t S thority aforesaid, t hat it shall and may be lawful for, and hereby Power and Authority is given (after

Conviction as aforesaid) to the Constable or other Officer, or Person or Persons prosecuting, to detain in Custody such Offender or Offenders (in case he or they hall not presently pay the Moneys due by the said conviction) during such reasonable Time as a Return may be conveniently had and made to the Warrant, for the Distress upon such Conviction, so as such Detainer do. not exceed two Days.

A.D. 1691. Anno tertio Guglielmi & Maria. C 11.

475

V. And to the end all Owners of peer in any enclosed Ground may be indemnified in the just Defence Persons lnvin3 of such their Right, be it enacted, That any Owner of such Deer, or any Person or Persons acting by, Uccr i, nc of from, and under him, shall and may oppose and resist such Offenders in the same Manner, and be equal ej Grom'l y indemnified for so doing, as if such i'act had been committed within any ancient Chase or Farit V hat offal'w*

soever.

whom T.,

enlarged by

un one, Gco<

_, obeaf §. 1.

certained upon their Oaths; and that in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Jilftice and Justices, and others, to proceed to the due Execution of such Conviction, in such Manner as if no Certiorari had seen awarded.

VII. Provided that where any Offender shall be punished by force of this Act, that he shall not be pro i>er!'on3 punish

fecuted, nor incur the Penalty of any other Law or statute, for the same Offence. 'unifcme^'

VIII. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be sued or prosecuted" for or by otiicr Way

jreason of any Matter or Thing which he or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be Persons sued for lawful to and for the Person or Persons lb sued or prosecuted to plead the general lilac, and give the spe any i'hinj done rial Matter in Evidence.'by virtue of th s

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall.in 7cn'('ra'i°lle. he nighttime pull down and destroy, or cause to be pulled down and destroyed, the Pales or Walls of

my Park, Forest, Chase, Purlieu, Paddock, Wood, or other Ground inclosed, where any Red or Fal beforealustice low Deer shall be then kept, that such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof convicted by the Oath [0r pilling dawn |jf one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the the Pales of any rame County wherein the Offence shall be committed, shall, by Warrant from such Justice or Justices as Park, impriibn aforesaid, suffer imprisonment for three Months, without Bail or Mainprize. - Months

By 5 Geo. 1. C j5. §. 6. such Offenders are subject to the Penalty inflicted by this Act for killing one Deer. By 5 Geo. 1. c. 28. Dee Stealers are to be transported. Farther Frmifani relating hereto 462? 5 W. tvi, C 23. 5 Ann, C 14.9 Ann, C 25. 3 Cto, 1, C n. 8 Geo. 1. c. 19. 10. Gen,

2. CI 32, and 28 Geo. 2. c. 12-.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws, for the Settlement of the Poor.

WHEREAS one Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his late Majesty,

King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the better Reiiif of the Poor of this King. 12. T dom (except what relates to the Corporation therein mentioned and consti uted thereby) was revived and continued with some Alterations, by one other Act made in the first Year of the late King fames the Second, and have been found by Experience to be good and wholesome Laws, but may shortly

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the a.dviceiwqc1'1". uid Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, C ij" & 1 jac m.d. by Authority of the same, That the said Acts, as to what relates to the Settlements of the Poor, creme shall be in Force from the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety one.

' III But foraftnuch as the said Acts are somewhat defective and doubtful For supplying and explain the Note of.

it her Abode, and the Number of his or her Family, if he or she have any, to the Churchwarden or in the Poors Overseer of the Poor, which said Notice in Writing the said Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor is orbyok tre hereby required to read, or cause to be read publicity, immediately after Divine Service, in the Church jr, n' l5, ir Chapel of the said Parish or Town, on the next lord's Day when there shall be divine Service in the jr ame; and the said Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor is or are hereby required to register, or cause to pe regilleretl, the said Notice in Writing in the Book kept for the Poors Accounts.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Soldier, Seaman, Shipwright, or other Artificer or N050'^.

Workman employed in their apajesties Service, shall have any Settlement in any Parish, Port Town, or set tkment* other Town, by Delivery and Publication of a Notice in avriting as aforesaid, ur.lcfs the same be after liorlmiu; the Dismission of such Person out of their Adajeflies Service. mission.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or neglect Quaky upon to read or cause to be read, such Notice in Writing as aforesaid, in such Manner, Place, and Time as aforesaid, he or they for every such Offence (upon Proof thereof by two credible Witnesses upon Oath, ^jv^ster,

3 P 2. before

476 C i

Anno tertio Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1691

Serving ns Officer, 01 paying parish Dujries, a Settlement.

Service for a

before any Justice of the Peace for the same County, Riding, or Division, City, or town corporate where Complaint whereof shall be made) shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to the Use of the Part grieved, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Han and Seal of any Justice of the Peace within the said jurisdictions respectively, to the Constable of the Parish or Town where such Offender or Offenders dwell, the Overplus, if any be, to be returned to th Owner or Owners; and for want of such sufficient Dilbrefs, the said Justice shall commit him or them t the common Gaol of the said coun.y, City, or Town Corporate, there to remain without Bail or Main prii' for the Space of one Month; and if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or northeast gleet to regilber, or cause to be registered, such Notice in Writing as aforesaid, he or they so offending, up on the like Conviction, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to the Use of the Poor of the Parish Town where such Offender or Offenders dwell, to be levied as aforesaid, the Overplus, if any be, to b returned to the Owner or Owners; and for Want of such sufficient Dilbrefs, then the said Justice lha commit such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, for the Time aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person, who shall come to inhabit in any Town Parish, shall for himself and on his own Account execute any public annual Office or Charge in th Lid Town or Parish, during one whole Year, or shall be charged with and pay his Share towards the publick Taxes or Levies of the said Town or Parish, then he shall be adjudged and deemed to have a leg; Settlement in the same, though no such Notice in Writing be delivered and published, as is hereby befoi required.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any unmarried Person, not having Child or Childrer Year, of Person shall be lawfully hired into any Parish or Town for one Year, such Sendee shall be adjudged and deeme m'chi id 'i*ie a good Settlement therein, though no such Notice in Writing be delivered and published, as is herein be

sef.lel'nt! fore required.

Arprrnticeftip a:

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall be bound an Apprentice by Indenture Settlement. raid inhabit in any Town or Parish, such Binding and Inhabitation shall be adjudged a good Settle new though no such Notice in Writing be delivered and published as aforesaid.

art'5a]

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her, C

to oujrter^ef6 ^lett>lives aggrieved by any Determination, which any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall make in an finnstwhofo Or 0^ the Cases abovesaid, the said Person or Persons shall have Liberty to appeal to the next General Quai dir shall bcfipal. ter ldeflions of the Peace, to be held for the said County, Riding, or Division, City, or Town Corporati who. upon full Hearing of the said Appeal shall have full Power finally to determine the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person be removed by virtue of this Add from one Count; Riding, City, town corporate, or Liberty to another, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of tw Justices of the Peace, the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish or Town, to which the said Person shall be so removed, are hereby required to receive the said Person, and if he or they fha refuse so to do, he or they so refusing or neglecting (upon Proof thereof by two credible Witnessi upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, or town corporate, to which the said Person shall be so removed) shall forfeit for each Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to the Use the Poor of the Parish or Town from which the said Person was removed, to be levied by Distress and Sa of the Offender or Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peat of the County, Riding, City, or town corporate, to which such Person was removed, to the Const; ble of the Parish or Town where such Offender or Offenders dwell; which Warrant the said Justice hereby empowered and required to make; the Overplus, if any be, to be returned to the Owner or Owr ers; and for want of such sufficient Distress, then the said Justice shall commit the said Offender or 0 fenders to the common Gaol of the said County, Riding, City, or town corporate, or Liberty, the; to remain without Bail or Mainbrize for the Space of forty Days: Provided always, and be it hert

Churchwarden itiufl receive a Person removed by Warrant of two Justices of Peace, upon 5l. Penalty.

XI. And whereas many Inconveniences do daily arise in Cities, Town corporate, and Parishe. C where the Inhabitants are very 'numerous, by reason of the unlimited Power of the Churchwardens an Overseers of the Poor, who do frequently upon frivolous Pretences (but chiefly for their own prival Ends) give Relief to what Persons and Number they think fit, and such Persons, being entered into ft Collection Bill, do become after that a great Charge to the Parish, notwithstanding the Occasion or Prt ' fence of their receiving Collection oftentimes ceases, by which Means the Rates for the Poor are dail

increased, contrary to the true Intent of a Statute made in the forty third Year of the Reign of her M;

jesty Queen Elizabeth, intitul b, yin Ail for the Relief of the Poor: 'For remedying of which, and prt venting the like Abuses for the future, Be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of Mari there shall be provided and kept in ever Parish (at the Charge of the same Parish) a Book or Boob wherein the Names of all such Persons who do or may receive Collebtion shall be registered, with the Da. and Year when they were first admitted to have Relief, and the Occasion which brought them under th; Necessity: that yearly in Easter Week (or as often as it shall be thought convenient) the Parishione:

ysawy in Easter of every Parish shall meet in their Vestry or other usual Place of Meeting in the same Parish, befoi maiualiftof whom the said Book shall be produced, and all Persons receiving Collebtion to be called over, and ft sleirvoor. ° Reasons of their taking Relief examined, and a new List made and entered, of such Persons as they fha think fit and allow to receive Collection, and that no other Person be allowed to have or receive Collet

tic

43 tjl. C

A Register to be k p: of the Admittances of the Poor.

Parishioners

A.D. 1691. Anno tertio Gulielmi & Mariae.

C

i 2.

477

tion at the Charge of the said Parish, but by Authority under the Hand of one Justice of Peace residing': c'lt: tut tl.ofe within such Parish, or (if none be there dwelling) in the Parts near or northeast: u adjoining, or by Order of the"^1!^' junices in their respective quart er sessions, except in Cases of pestilential Diseases, Plague, or smallpox, cxcc, !pt (, y ow ior and in respect of such Families only as are or shall be therewith infected. of justiie of

XII. And whereas many Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Persons entrusted top,

Moneys so misspent, taken, or mi.'applied by the Persons aforesaid, refute to admit the Parishioners to be Witnesses in such Cases, who are the only persons that can make Proof thereofwherefore to prevent Parishiorw, all such evil and deceitful Practises of Churchwardens, and Overseers, and other Persons, Be it enacted and "p "lmb'j declared, That in all Actions to be brought in their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, or at the evidence assizes, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money so misspent or taken by Churchwardens or over churchwardens, seers of the Poor, the Evidence of the Parishioners, or any of them, other than of such as receive alms&c. of their or any Pension or Gift out of such Collections or public Moneys of such Parish or Parishes respectively'*pen; iin3 the whereof the Defendant or Defendants is or are Inhabitant or Inhabitants, hall be taken and admitted ineoors' ine v all such Cases in the Courts aforesaid:

30.9s' 10 if.

31 Geo. 2. c. 11.

11. 12 Ann. St. I, C 18.

any Custom, Rule, Order, or Usage to the contrary not with

8 & 9H'. 3/ C

5 Geo. 1. c. 8. (j Geo. 1. C 7, 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. 3 Geo. 2. c. 29. 17 Geo. 2. c. 3, 37> & 3* atl

Cap. xn.

An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of

Carriage of Goods.

WHEREAS the free and easy Intercourse and Means of conveying and carrying Goods and Mer chandizes from one market town to another, contributes very much to the Advancement of Trade, Increase of Wealth, and raising the Value of Lands, as well as to the Ease and Convenience of the Subject in gentrul; for which Ends therefore diverse good and necessary Laws have been heretofore 1 made for the enlarging, repairing, and amending the Highways and common Roads of this Kingdom:

' Notwithstanding which Laws, the same are not in many Parts sufficiently amended and repaired, but remain almost impassable; all which is occasioned, not only by reason of Tome Ambiguities in the said Laws, but by want of a sufficient Provision to compel the Execution of the same For Remedy whereof:

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most. Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and All Laws about Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Highways to be by the Authority of the same, That all and every Law and Statute now in Force, for or touching the en jut ln Extcu" larging, repairing, or amending Highways and common Roads, and every Article and Thing in them conc.

tained, and not herein and hereby altered or repealed, hail be duly put in Execution, according to thee. 76.

Tenor of the said Laws, and under the Penalties therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of, Bae. V 3- 59-as in and by the said Laws is dire died. Bum, V 1. 555.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth, upon the six and twen p, uilkioners an tieth Day of December in every Year, unless that Day shall be Sunday, and then on the seven and twentieth, nually to make the Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, Surveyor, or Surveyors of the fiighways, a Ll! and Inhabitants in every Parish, hall assemble together, and the major Part of them as are so assembled^t2ge'f°l"qup' ball make a List of the Names of a competent Number of the Inhabitants in their Parish, who have ancember.

Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in their own Right or their Wives, of the Value of ten Pounds by the Year, or a personal Estate of the Value of one hundred Pounds, or are Occupiers or Tenants of itoufes, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Yearly Value of thirty Pounds, if. any such there be, or if there be no such Persons in the Parish, then the said List to be of the most sufficient Inhabitants of such Parish; shall return such List unto two or more of the Justices of the Peace in orliftt°l>e return near the Division of the County in which their Parish lies, at a special Sessions to be held for thatpurposecd to tw° within the said Division, on tlu: third Day of 'january next following, unless it hall happen on a Sunday. "' and then to be the fourth of the same Month, or within fifteen Days after: For which Purpose the said justices shall

Justices are hereby authorised and required to hold a special Sessions at some Place within that Division hold a Sessions, where the Parish lies, and to give Notice of the Time and Place where they intend to hold the same, towh"e they n, al! the Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, and Surveyors of the Highways of everynt "teb"n ^l Parifls within the said division^at leal'c ten Days before the holding of the said Sessions; and the said v(, y0ts°of Justices hall then and there, out of the said Lists, according to their Discretion, and the Largeness of the highways. rarish, ^by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint one, two, or more, as they hall think fit and approve of, being of like Sufficiency as aforesaid, to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every Parish within the Division, or for any Hamlet, Precinct, Liberty, Tything, or Town, of.

and

C 12.

Anno tertio Guglielmi Marine.

A.D. 1691.

hall, by the Conor some of them, u dices, within six

t'ondjble o and in the same Dfvision for the Year ensuing; Nomination and Appointment feive the tables, Headboroughs, Tythinginen, or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time bein;

initiation. fie notified to the Person or Persons lb nominated, chosen, and appointed by the said

after such Nomination, by serving him or them with the said Warrant or Warrants, or by leaving the same, or a true Copy thereof, at his or their Houses or usual Places of Abode; and from thenceforth the Person or Persons, so nominated and appointed, shall be Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Parish, Town, Village, Hamlet, Precinct, or Tything, for which he hall have been so nominated, chosen, and appointed, for the Year ensuing, and hall take upon him and them respectively, and duly execute, the said Office, according to the Laws and Statutes heretofore made for the enlarging, amend 1. Penalty up ing, or repairing of Highways, and also this present Act; and if the said Persons so nominated, and fer

on Nominees k. ved with the said Warrant,

refuse cr neglect so to do, he or they so refusing and neglecting hall for

- J — u '_ — il- -- - r — j- -1 — - i jjg

Justices are hereby empowered and required to make upon Information of any one credible Witness upon Oath, the one Moiety of which said Forfeiture hall go to him that hall inform, and the other Moiety for and towards the Repair of Highways of the same Parish, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Party or Parties whole Goods shall be distrained, the Charges of the Distress and s?.le being first deducted; and in case of Inch Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, the said Justices are hereby empowered to nominate and appoint Pome other fit Person or Persons, to perform th said Office, who upon like Notice of such Nomination and Appointment, hall take upon him or them and duly execute the said Office, and if he or they neglect or refuse so to do, fnali forfeit the like Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and disposed of as aforesaid; if the Coniiables, Pleadboroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, and Surveyor or sur unon Condables, Veyors of tile Highways of any Parish, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, or some of them, hall not return not return the fa; (j ]"_; [{ of Names, in such Manner as in this Act is directed, every of them so neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied in the Manner, and employed to the Uses aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever hall lay in any Highway, not being twenty Foot broad, any Stone, Timber, Straw, Dung, or other Matter, whereby the same shall be any Ways obstructed or annoyed, on pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Shillings, to be levied and disposed of as is aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Timber, Stone, Hay, Straw, Stubble, or other Matter for the making of Dung, or on any other Pretence whatsoever, shall be laid in

take away tim any such Highway as aforesaid, whereby the same shall be any Ways obstructed or annoyed, the Owners ln or p°^'e^'ors rfe Lands next adjoining to the same shall clear the said Way by removing the said tim tic., 6"v'£i>ber, Stone, Hay, Straw, Dung, or other Matter, and have, take and dispose of the same to his and their ownufe; and if any such Owner or Occupier of Lands next adjoining to the said Highways, shall neglect to clear the said Ways of the said Nufances, or to cleanse or fcower their Ditches, Gutters, and Drains, adjoining to the Paid Highways, or cause the Earth taken out thereof to be carried away and lay sufficient Trunks, Tunnels, or Bridges, where any Cartways arc, into the said Grounds, for the Space of ten Days after Notice to him, her, or them given by the said Surveyors, or any of them, he, she, or they, so neglecting shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Shillings, to be levied and disposed of in Manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tree, Bush, or Shrub, shall be permitted to landor grew in any Highway not full twenty Foot broad, but the lame shall be cut down, grubbed up, and carried away, by the Owner or Owners of the Land or Soil where the same doth or shall Hand or grow, within ten Days after Notice to him or them given by the said Surveyors, or any of them, on pain to forfeit for every Neglect the Sum of five Shillings, to be levied and disposed as is aforesaid -

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the poitettors of the Land next adjoining

to such Highways, where they are not twenty Hoot broad, hall from Time to Time, 'and at all Times, keep their Hedges plafht, cut, or pruned, so as no Tree, Bush, or Shrub, hall landor grow in such Highway, nor any Bough or Branch be suffered to hang over the same, or any Part thereof; but the said Pledges shall be kept cut and pared right up from the Roots, and not permitted in any Sort to spread into or hang over the Highway, or any Part thereof, to the End 'that there may be a free and clear Passage for Travellers, iand all Sorts of Carriages loa den, without being any ways prejudiced or obstrrfted by any Hedges, Trees, Boughs, cr Branches whatsoever, and that the Sun ntay freely shine into the Laid Ways, to dry and amend the same. r

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, t'hat every Surveyor of the Highways, appointed

as in and by this Act is directed, hall within fourteen Days next after his feld Acceptance of the said Office, and so from Time to Time every four Months, during his being Surveyor, take a View of all the Roads, common Highways, Watercourses, Bridges, Causeways, and Pavements within the' Parish, Town, Village, Hamlet, Precinct, or Tything, for which he is appointed' Surveyor, that are to be repaired by the said parffh, Town, Village, Hamlet, 'Precinct, or Tything, and shall make a Presentment upon Oath, in what State and Condition he finds the same respectively, to some Justice of the Peace of the same Division, if themresident there, otherwise to fotne neighbouring Justice of the peace for the said .<.. County,

Jit (rices my appoint other Persons after reiuful

20 s. Penalty

ing a List.

5 s. Penalty upon Person laying Timber, C in the Highway, Owner of Land adjoining shall

13 Edi.

C 5-

Penalty for neglecting.

5 6. Penalty upon Owner nqt ftubbing up Trees, C

Pofiessors shall prune the Hedges,

Surveyor shall present the State of the Highways to a Justice every lour Months,

A.D. 1691. Anno tertio Gulielml & marie. C 12. 479

County, and in Default thereof shall incur the Penalty aforesaid, as if he or they had refuted or negie£t ncs cfl p.'inish CD to accept and execu.e the said Office, unless he shall have some reasonable Excuse for omitting the lame, 'i'i " t'l'if.j. to be allowed of by two Justices of the Peace of the same Division of the County, or in Default thereof, cvv* by the two neighbouring Justices; what Defaults or Anno unces they shall find in any of the said 2.-neg)ccvs Highways, Caulways, Bridges, Ditches, sledges, Trees, Watercourses, Drains, or Gutters, next ad d Labouiers to joining to the same, they shall from 1 lmc to 'i'ime, the next Sunday immediately after Sermon ended, give aipf^fented. puhliek Notice of the same in the Pariflt Church, and if the same shall not be removed, repaired, andj j P t, j1uv amended, within thirty Days after such Notice given, that then the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the said ci, urch, and if Highways shall within thirty Days remove, repair, and amend the same, and ciifpolc of the same annoi not amended ances to and for the Repaid of the said Highways; and the said Surveyor and Surveyors shall be reimburscdwl!l'in 3° Kays, what Charges and Expenses they, fhll be at in so doing, by the Parties who should have done the same j I! m'und and in case the said Parties shall upon Demand refuse or neglect to pay the said Surveyors their said Charges, ^up'.ij tithe then the said Surveyors shall apply him or themselves to any justice of the Peace within the Division of person who the County wherein such Highway is, and in default thereof, to any neighbouring Justice for the said ought to repair. County, and upon his or their making Oath before such Justice of the Notice to the Defaulter in Man Huw tier aforesaid (which Oath the said Justice is empowered and required to administer) that then the said Sur" J" veyors shall be repaid all such their Charges as flaajl be allowed to be reasonable by the said Justice, to beburfements.' levied in Manner aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of every<j9'ca5e County shall in their respective Divisions once in four Months hold a special Sessions, and shall thereunto'^4^0 "*,summon all the Surveyors of Highways within that Division to come before them, and shall give them asertion, whew Charge to do their Duty, and declare to them what they are obliged to do by virtue of this or any former they are to rc act; after which the said Surveyors of the Highways shall make a Preferment to them upon Oath (which ce lve 1'iefent oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to give) of the State and Condition of the Highways within cdn'f their respective Parishes, Towns, Village, Hamlets, Precincts, or Tythings for which they are appoint^Scneyors.0 ed Surveyors, and what Offences and Negleds any are guilty of, contrary to the Meaning of this or any other Statute made concerning the Highways, or anything relating thereunto; and before any Surveyor of the Highways shall go out of or be discharged from his Office, he shall at some such special Sessions of the said Justices, to be held as aforesaid, give an Account upon Oath of all Money that has come to his Hands, which ought to be employed in amending of the Highways, and how he hath disposed of the same; and Penalty unir in case any Moneys shall remain in his Hinds, he shall deliver the same to the Surveyors of the highwayssuryer)r> not that shall serve for the same Parish, Town, Village, Hamlet, Precind, or Tything, for the Year enfu pjylns s<!rf'! "s ing, and in case of Failure, to forfeit the double \qlue of what shall be adjudged to be in his Hands by thesuccessors. 5 fid Justices, to be levied and disposed of as is aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surveyor of the high 4°c^"va ry ways, after his Acceptance of his said Office, shall neglect his Duty in anything required of him by^nc glut!" this Act, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and dispolbd of as

is aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace shall neglect 5 pe"jlty

or refuse to do what is required of him by this Act, such Justice so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit wj'ce"

Sum of five Pounds; one Moiety whereof fltr.ll go to the i'erson that shall sue for the same, the other0f Peace! Moiety to be employed to and for the Repair and Amendment of the Highways of the Parish where the

Person who shall luc for the same inhabits, to be recovered in any of their Adajeftics Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law shall he allowed, or more than one Imparlance.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Surveyors may the Surveyors of the Highways aforesaid, where the Ditches and drains already made are not sufficient tom.ake new carry off the Water that lies upon the Highways, to make new Ditches and Drains in and through

Lands next adjoining to the said Highways, and keep them fcoureu, cleansed, and open, and come upon j0ining) " any of the said Lands with their Workmen for so doing.

XIII. And whereas diverse Parishes and Townships have not any Gravel, Stones, Quarries, nor. any Surveyor hying other materials sitting or convenient for the amending or repairing of the Highways within the said Pa. ' rifles and Townships, by reason whereof the Surveyors of the Highways of such Parishes and Town - r^t)' [^'^1 ' snips are forced to lay out their own Money for the buying of such Materials as are necessary for that paid by an equal Purpose; there being no Provision made in or by any Law now in force, for the reiniburfin.g the said Mte, to be le j ' Surveyors the Moneys they have so laid out For Remedy whereof be it further enacted by the autho4vied by Difoefs. rity aforesaid, That upon Notice given by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways to the Justices of the Peace at their special Sessions, and Oath made of what Sum or Sums of money he or they have or hath so laid Put and expended upon amending and repairing of the said Highways, the Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, at their special Sessions, are hereby empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause an equal Rate to be made for the reimbursing the said Surveyor or Surveyors the Moneys by him or them laid out as aforesaid, upon all the Inhabitants of such Parish or Townships. such Moneys are so expended, according to the Rules and Methods prescribed' in an Act of Parlia nient made in the three and fortieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act fork's C a

the tetter Relief of the Poor of this Kingdomwhich Rate, being confirmed and allowed' by the said Justices" "

in

EV: C. 3. Fiats A i'bi frd: o tv<r rcv: r ir.c ro: rtt rstc iu*o: hz exchc^ itr.

If Fi*HH

open cre Inhabitant, fcvvt he id ill he r t2li.

in their special Senior, ?, hall he collected and gathered hr the l".tid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways; and if any Person cr Peri ons refills to pay the Atonies so altelled on him or them, that then the same shall be levied by the said Surveyors by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons lo refilling, re..dering to the Party the Overplus, reasonable Charges for making the said Distress hrft to be deducted.

XIV. And whereas in punuance of cite Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen ehz^hth, many Parishes and places are oftentimes presented upon the Knowledge and View of a Justice of Peace, or otherwise, for not repa ring and amending their Highways, and the Fines imposed and set ' 0: 1 such Presentments, and other Fines and I flues for not repairing and amending the Highways, are re turned into the Court of Exchquer, or other Courts, and such Fines and Iil'ues against such Parishesfcr not amending their Highways, are levied on some particular Inhabitants of such Parishes or Places, and there being no Provision made for the making of a Rate to reimburse such parbcular Inhabitants Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fine, issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, hall hereafter be returned into the Court of e.xchrqusr, or other Court, but shall be levied and paid into the Hands of the Surveyors of Inch Parish or Place, to be applied towards the Repair and Amendment of such Highway; and that if any Fine, Penalty, cr Forfeiture, imposed on any Parish or Place for not repairing the highw.ys, hall hereafter be levied on any one or more of the Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, mat then inch Inhabitant or Inhabitants hail make his or their Complaint to the Justices of the Peace at their special tedious, and the said Justices, or any two of them, are hereby empowered and authorised, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to caul's a Rate to be made, according to the Form and Manner aforesaid, for the reimburhng such Inhabitant or Inhabitants the Moneys so levied on him or them as aforesaid, which Rate so made and confirmed by two Justices, as aforesaid, shall be collected and levied by the Surveyor, or Surveyors of the Highways of such Parish or Place so presented or indicted as aforesaid, and the find Cuncyor or Stir, eyors hall, within one Month next after the making and confirming the Rare aforesaid, pay unto the Inhabitant or Inhabitants such Money so levied on him or them as aforesaid.

All cirrtvit! tj Si S Foot vrice.

Inhibirmrs within thi w hjy bjfc, west Csrrs rbey rear afe. See 2. & M. fh 2. C S, §.19. rep is Gea. 2- c. 33.

Janices cjt ia Senicas order S s Allct 122221 u to be ciiiu to rsr sir the Ways. Zirlaiaed by 1 Geo. 1. iric. 2. C cs. §. s.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyors of the Highways shall and are hereby required to make every cart way leading to any Market town, eight Foot wide at the leaf!:, aid as near as may be, even and level.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Inhabitant of any of the Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, who dwells on from the Pavement, or uses his Carts as well off as upon the Pavement, and to and for any Brewer, and to and for any Scavenger, or other Person employed in carrying away the Dirt and Soil of the Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, to make use of any Cart, Car, or Dray, with Wheels shod with Iron, and narrower than six Inches in the Feiiies, and drawn with more than two Florfes; any Act of Parliament, Law, cr Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Borough, or other "Place, or the major Part of them, at their General or quarter sessions, shall be fully satisfied, that the common Highways, Cuufways, Bridges, Streets, or Pavements, within any Parish, Fowruhip, Hamlet, or other Place within their respective Jurii dicrion, cannot otherwise be fursciently amended, repaired, paved, cleansed, and {upperted, by means of the Laws now in Force, without the Heip of this present Act, in all such Cases, cne or more Assessment or Assessments upon all and every the Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, cr any perianal Evtare usually rateable to the Poor, within any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, or other Place, shall be made, letted, collected, and allowed by such Person and Peri ons, and in such Manner, as the find Justices by their Order at such Sessions shall direct and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed ard accounted for according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justices, for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cleansing, _ and supporting such Highways, Crufways, Streets, Pavements, and Bridges, from Time to Time, as Need shall require; and the said Assessments shall be levied by Distress ara Sale of the Goods of every Person so altelled (not paying the same within tea Days after Demand rendering the Overplus of the Value of the Goods so tli rained, to the Owner and Owners thereof; the necessary Charges of making and selling such Distress being first deducted.

ssr

XVIII. Provided CCV rtheless, and be it enacted, That ro such Assessment cr aflecrnents, to be made

ts erresi 6d. ic any one Year, shall exceed the Rate of sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Value of any Lands,

tiefc me. Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments so auciled, nor the Rate of sixpence for twenty Pounds in perfect J Estate.

fcrijshev

XIX. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall find him or themfrives aggrieved with any Y ^TJTT' 53 acdlment cr Rate, or iker Act, by the said Justices of Peace, that then it shall be lawful for the tuf uusciioss. tices of the Peace at their general Quarter sefdons, or the greater Number of them, to take such Order, therein as to them shall be thought convenient, and the same to conclude and bind all the said Parties. rs rcs

XX. Provided also, That no Person shall be pur.uhed for any Offence agin ft this Act, unless such of»id fender be profecured for the same within iix Months after the Offence committed; and that no Person, shall be puifished for any Offence by virtue of this Act, shall be punifetd for the same Offence by ir.j V i C virtue of any aether Add or Law whatsoever.

2

XXI

Anno tertio Guli elms: Marine

A.D. 1691.

C

T

14.

i

XXI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That ro hc. f?, Cacfway, 2 — V rt,

*, ccufv.ay for Horses travelling upon or in ar.y publick. Highway, be It A or under three Feet in, 'r Ciii* Breadth. _ _ _ w'-"

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority

Lh th' corn such clear

thority, and are hereby enjoined and required, at their next respective Quarter or General sefeons after

certify to ate leave

of each respective market tovrn within the Limit; and Jurisdictions of suck Justices of the Peace, to be hung up in forne public Place in every such market town, to which all Persons may resort for their In

- ' Goods and

ice the Sum of 5'

J'

tnces 0

formation; and that no such common Wagoner or Carrier shall take for Carriage of fn Merchandizes above the Rates and Prices so let, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Often; r n'-' "ed by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods, by Warrant of any twi

Wzggener or Carrier shall redide, in Manner aforesaid, to the Use of the Party

L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, or Suit shall LX mmenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons by this Act authorised to put the same i canon, every Person or Persons so fuei_ may plead the general Issue, and give this Ac'latter in Evidence; and if the Flaintitr shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prose

live Pounds to be levied the Peace where Rich grieved.

XXV. after com:

Caevrelltj

all be here r

- fcrext; vx«

i Alias, arm the specn] Gtecil

r J —

lecution, or luire

Discontinuance, or if 2 Verdict pads again fi him or her, the said Defendant and Defendants shall recover Cceb 1: C u. Lb and their double Coll;, for which he and they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where Coils by Law are given to Defendants. "*f - hr

1zrsnui'r^kenrz,

7»". 3. fi.

26. 6 -. r.; o. C -. f. i3. 1 C Sz. z. C tt. t Gzz. z.

cz. 24 Ca. 2. C 43. G.: ..'. 5ss3c. zsgs. 2.

iict=. z. C 41. rrciz, 2, cz. izgzs.z czj z Gzz. z. u 34.

CAP. XIII.

An Act against corresponding with their Mz; titles Enemies,

EZP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises.

WHEREAS it is not reasonable or just, that hr the Practice cr Contrivance of any Debtors their Creditors should be defrauded of their just Debts; and litrerthel efs it hath often so happened, that where several Persons having by Bonds or other Specialties bound themselves and their Heirs,

' and have afterwards died seized in ree simple of and in Manors, Meliunges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or had Power or Authority to dispose of or charge the same by their Wilis or Testa ments, have to the defrauding of such their Creditors, by their Lai! Wills or Teffanents deviled th?

' same, or disposed thereof in such Manner as such Creditors have lost their said Debts For remedying C r which, and for the Maintenance of just and upright Dealing,

II. Be it enacted and declared by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thb prefer.: Parliament, assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all "Wills and teitamer.ts, Limitations, eefpcfiriors, or Appointments, of or concerning any Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of" any Rent, pressed, Term, or Charge' cut of the lame, whereof any Pericr. or Persons, at the Time of his, her, or their Decease, shall be seized in fee simple, in Pokeinon, Reversion, cr Remainder, or have Power to dispose of the same, by his, her, or their last Wilis or Teilaments, to be made after the five and twentieth Day II Men \zi the Year or our Lori God ore thousasd six hundred ninety and two, mail be i. m, 3 Q J cr

482 C 14.

Anno tertio Guglielmi & Mariae.

A.D. 169r.

deemed and taken (only as against such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, his, her, and their Heirs, successors, Executots, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them) to be fraudulent, and clearly, abfo vm. V 13. sii.lutely, and utterly void, frustrate, and of none Effect; any Pretence, Colour, feigned or presumed c011 -- sideration, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

Debt upon Bond

III. And for the Means that such Creditors may be enabled to recover their said Debts, be it further eu joinciy fuabie acted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Cases before mentioned, every such Creditor shall and may and dev'fe* ofc'r^ave an ma nta'n his, her, and their Action and Actions of Debt, upon his, her, and their said Bonds an Obligor. and Specialties, again! the Heir and Heirs at Law of such Obligor or Obligors, and such Devisee and Devisee charge. Devisees, jointly by virtue of this Act; and such Devifce or Devisees shall be liable and chargeable for a able for a fade fade Plea by him or them pleaded, in the same Manner as any Heir should have been for any false Plea by l'lta, as an Heir, p]eadecl, or for not confeiiing the Lands or Tenements to him defeended.

Devise for rais.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that where there hath been or shall ing Portions, be any Limitation or Appointment, Devise or Disposition, of or concerning any Manors, messuages, pursuant to a .'Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamens, for the raising or payment of airy real and just Debt or Debts, or tract good.'0"* any Portion or Portions, Sum or Sums of Money, for any Child or Children of any Person, other than the Heir at Law, according to, or in pursuance of any Adnrriage Contrast or Agreement in Writing bona " 'side made before such Marriage, the Tame and every of them shall be in full Force; and the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall and may be held and enjoyed by every such Person or Persons, his, her, and their Pleirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for whom the said Limitation, Appointment, Devise, or Disposition was made, and by his, her, and their Trustee or Trustees, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for such Estate or Interest as. shall be so limited, or appointed, devised or disposed, until such Debt or Debts, Portion or Portions, shall be raised, paid, and satisfied.; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Heir ali ' V And whereas several Persons being Heirs at Lav, to avoid the Payment of such just Debts, as in n before Acti < regard of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments defeending to them they have by Law been lia ftaubckabje*0* leto F, ay have aliened, or made over such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, before any pro the Value of eefs was or could be issued out against them Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7 hat in all Cases where any.heir at Law shall be liable to pay the Debt of his Ancestor in regard of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments defeending to him, and shall sell, alicne, or make over the same, before any Action brought, or Process sued out against him, that such Heir at Law shall be answerable for such Debt or Debts, in an Action or Actions of Debt, to the Value of the said Land so by him sold, aliened, or made over; in which Cases all Creditors shall be preferred, as in Actions against Executors and Administrators, and such Execution shall be taken out upon any Judgement or Judgments so obtained against such Heir, to the Value of the said Land, as if the same were his own proper Debt or Debts; saving that the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments bona fide aliened before the Action brought, shall not be liable to such Execution.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any action o! Debt upon any Specialty is brought against any Heir, he may plead Risns per Descent, at the Time of the original Writ brought, or the Bill filed against him; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; the Plaintiff in such Action may reply, 'that he had Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from his Ancestor before the original Writ brought, pr bill filed; and if upon issue joined thereupon, it be found for the Plaintiff, the Jury shall inquire of the Value of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so defeended, and thereupon Judgement shall be given, and Execution shall be awarded as aforesaid; but if Judgement be given against such Heir by Confession of the Action, without confessing the Alfets defeended, or upon Demurrer, or Nihil elicit, it shall be for the Debt and Damages, without any Writ to inquire of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so defeended.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Devifce, and Devisees, made liable by this Act, shall be liable and chargeable in the same manner as the Heir at Law by Force of this Act, notwithstanding the Hands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to him or them devised, shall be aliened before the Action brought. Provided always, That this Act shall be in Force for three Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament after the Expiration of the said 'three Years and no longer. [Made, pen petusil by & 7 W. 3. cap. 14. j. '

the Land.

Creditors preferred, as in Actions against Executors.

Upon Rlens per Descent pleaded. Jury shall inquire of the Value of the Lands. Otherwise, if Judgement by Con session, for Debt and Damages. Cartliew 353,

3 54.

Devisee chargeable as Heir.

to continue for 3 Years.

Anno tertio Guglielmi & Marine

A.D. 1692.

C i. 4.8

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines, and Strong Waters, and preventing the Abuses therein.

FOR the preventing of the Frauds of Distillers, Makers, and other Retailers of Low Wines, Spii its, Penalty upon and Strong waters, Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with nifliilct frtting the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, now in Parliament affem ^" )'^'virs blcdj and by Authority of the same, That no common Distiller or Maker of Low Wines, Spirits, orl kttke Strong Waters for Sale, shall at any Time from and after the first Day of March one thousand six hun given tu offish died ninety and one, setup,

Veiled, for the brewing or n Sale, or shall keep or make use of any p:

laying of any Walt, Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters for Sale, without first giving Notice thereof at ihe next Office of Excise, within the Limits or Jurisdiction whereof he or they do or shall inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Tun, Calk, Washbatch, Copper, Still, or other Veiled so setup, used, or altered, and for every private or concealed Warehouse, Cellar, or other Place so ul cd as aforesaid; that all and every other Person or Persons, in whose Occupation any House, out house, or other Place whatsoever, is or shall be, where any such private or concealed Tun, Cask, wash batch. Copper, Still, or other Vessel shall be found or discovered, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Distiller or Maker of Low Penalty upon Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters, shall at any Time hereafter hide. conceal, or convey any Low Wines, dl^lller= con Spirits, or Strong Waters for Sale, from the Sight or View of the Gager or Gagers appointed so to take "*, ng plrlts' Account of the same, whereby their Majesties shall or may be defrauded of any the Duties due for the" same, that every such common Distiller or Maker of such Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters, for every Gallon of Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters for Sale, so hid, concealed, or conveyed as afore -- laid, shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings each Gallon; all which Penalties to be sued for, recovered, and levied in such Manner, as by one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles, the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards, and liveries, and 'tenures 12 Car. a. C 24, in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof. also as by one other Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of his said majesty's Reign, intituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duties of Excise, and preventing the Abuses 15 Car. 2. C 11. therein, or in either of them, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to the Revenue of Excise on Beer and Ale, is directed.

III. Provided always, That this Act, nor any the Forfeitures or Penalties therein contained, shall be Distiller giving construed to extend to any common Distiller, or other Person or Persons, who shall from and after the Notice said first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and one, give Notice to the Officer of Excise ce£'ted' for the Place or Division where such Distiller or other Person shall live, as by this Act is appointed.

Anno Regni gulrelml 6c MARINE quarto.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the twentieth Day of March Anno Dom. 161-9, in

the second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, WILLIAM and MARY, by -

X Jk the Grace of God, of"england, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King and Queen, Defenders of the Faith, See. And from therice, continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the fourth Day of November 1692. being the fourth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for granting to their majesties" an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year exp.

for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

WE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the commons assembled in Parliament, havlngfe,

riously considered of thereat Occasions which engage your majesties.to many extraordinary jtxr. uv

3 03 pences

484 C i

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

for every jool.

Persons having any Office or employment of Profit (except Military Officers in Muster and Pay in the Army or Navy)

pences for the necessary Defence of your Realms, and the Prosecution of a vigorous War against France, have cheerfully, and unanufly given and granted unto your Majesties the Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned. And we moult humbly beseech your Majesties, that it may be enacted,

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's moult Excellent Majesties. and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That their Majesties shall have and receive the Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned, of and from every Person spiritual and Temporal, of what Estate or Degree soever he or they be; which Paid Rates or afteltment5 shall be taxed, afiefled, levied, and paid into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer according to the Tenor of this Aift, and in manner and form following, (that

ahperfor. % Bodies Politic, Sec. is to say) That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds,

and Fraternities within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of ber having any Ertire m ready Moneys w; C upon Tweed, having any Estate in ready Moneys, or in any Debts whatsoever owing, rlocds, ^wares^mother personal them, within this Realm or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, merchatt estate whatsoever, difes, or other Chattels or personal Estate whatsoever, within this Realm or without,

belonging to or in Trust for them (except and out of the Premises deduced such dsdufting Moneys, bona fide owing, Sums of Moneyas he or they do bona fide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall and desperate Debts; be adjudged desperate by the Commissioners appointed by this Add; And also the Stock

and except Stock upon Land and upon Lands and such Goods as are used for houfti old stuff And also other than, and ouftold stuff, and the joint Stocks except the joint Stocks or Shares of such Bodies corporate. Companies or Fraternities as t he r wl Varged by C Name in^ny Hull he otherwise charged by Name in any other Act to be made during this present sef at of this Session, shall pay 24s. fion of Parliament) shall yield and pay unto their Majesties four Shillings in the Pound,

according to the true yearly Value thereof, for one Year; (that is to say) for every hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or other Chattels, or other personal Estate, the Sum of four and twenty Shillings; And so after that Rate for every greater or lesser Sum or Quantity, to be assessed, levied and collected in manner hereafter mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, commissioner or Commissioners, having, using, or exercising any public office or Employment of profit (such Military Officers, who are or shall be in Muster by the muster master general of the Army, or in Pay in their Majesties Army or Navy in respect of such Offices only excepted) and all and every their Agents, Clerks, Secondaries,

to pay 4s. in the Pound for Sala Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers whatsoever, shall yield and pay unto their Majesties ries or Profits. the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings, which he or they do receive in one year,

by Virtue of any Salaries, Gratuities, bounty money, Reward, Fees or Profits to him or them accruing, for or by Reason or Occasion of their several Offices or Employments, to be assessed, imposed, levied, and collected, in such Manner as hereafter is mentioned.

IV. And to the End a further Aid and Supply for their Majesties Occasions may be raised,

by a Charge upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with as much Equality and Indifferency as is possible, by a pound rate of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings, of the true yearly Value for one Year only and no longer: Be it further enacted by the

All Manors, Lands, Tenements, Authority aforesaid, That all and every Manors, Messuages, Lands and Tenements; As yci.iy ro, tsan ere uaments, a]jp0 ass Quarries, Mines of Coal, Tin or Lead, Copper, Mundick Iron, or other Mines,

Ironworks, Salt Springs, and Salt Works; All Allom Mines or Works; All Parks, Chases, Warrens, Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, and all Fishings, Tithes, Tolls, Annuities, and all other Yearly Profits; And all Hereditaments of what Nature or Kind: soever they be, feituate, lying, and being, happening or arising, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within any the Counties, Cities, Burroughs, Towns, Divisions, Ridings, Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Parishes and Places thereof, as well within ancient Demesne, and other Liberties charged with 4s. in the Pound of and priviledged Places, as without, shall be, and are hereby charged for one Year only,

and no longer, with the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings, of the full yearly Value, and foin proportion for any grater or lesser Value; And all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities and Brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, having or holding any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other the Premisses, shall yield and pay unto their Majesties the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings by the Year, which the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and other the Premises are now a o what now worth to be leased to leased; f the same were truly and bona fide leased or demised at a rack rent,

ona ea a ac rene. anj according to the full true yearly Value thereof, without any respect had to the pre -

Rents reserved for the same, if such Rents have been reserved upon such Leases or >1 Eftutes made, for which any Fine or Income hath been paid or secured, or have been lef without respect to Repairs, Tax fened or abated upon Consideration of Money laid out or to be laid out in Improvements, es Panfli Duties sr other charges. and without any respect had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon imposed, or making any

the true yearly Value.

il Persons, Bodies Politic, C pay 4s. in the Pound,

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

C 1* 485.

Rents, Charges, Annuities, there Rents.

any Abatement in respect to Reparations, Taxes, Parish Duties or any other charges whatsoever, which said Sum of four and twenty Shillings for the yearly Profit of every hundred Pounds Value of all personal Estates, as aforesaid, and four Shillings for every twenty Shillings by the Year of the said true yearly Value of all other the Premises shall be assessed, levied and collected in manner hereafter mentioned, and shall be paid into the

Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer by four quarterly Payments; the hrft Payment To le pa; d at slur quarrcriy pay thereof to be made upon the five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the Year menu. The first Payment the 251(1 of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety three. of March 1693.

V. And whereas many of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, He where Lands, care subject to reditaments and Premises intended by this Act to be charged with the pound rate, as aforesaid, stand incumbred with or are subject and liable to the Payment of several rent charges or Annuities issuing out of the same, or to the Payment of diverse fee-farm Rents,

rents service or other Rents thereupon reserved or charged, by reason whereof the true Owners and Proprietors of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises do not in Truth receive to their own Ufc the true yearly Value of the same, for which nevertheless they are by this Act charged to pay the full pound rate of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings of the true yearly Value

VI. It is therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and The Landlords and Owners deduct maybe lawful to and for the Landlords, Owners and Proprietors of such Manors, Meffu* lnthtpound <« iu. h " em, ages, Land, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises as are charged with the Pound

rate, as aforesaid, to abate and dedubl and to retain and keep in his or their Hands four Shillings

in the Pound for every fee-farm Rent or other annual Rent or Payment charged upon ct Rents moa'

or issuing out of the Premises, or any Part thereof or thereupon reserved; and all and eve payment of the p.efiduc. ry Person and Persons, who are or shall be any way intituled to such Rents and annual Payments, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Moneys as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents or annual payments reserved or charged as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* for the better assessing, ordering, levying and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as aforesaid limited and appointed to be paid, and for the more effectual putting of this present Act in Execution all and every the Persons hereafter named shall be Commissioners of and for the several and respective Counties, Cities', Boroughs, Towns and Places hereafter mentioned.

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners.].

VIII. Which said Commissioners so, as aforesaid, nominated and appointed, shall in the respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Divisions, Towns and Places for which they are

appointed Commissioners respectively, meet together at the moll usual and common Place Commissioners to meet upon the of Meeting within each of the said Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Divisions and sth of February,

Places respectively, upon the fifteenth Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and two, and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at the first General Meeting, or the major Part of them, may by their Contents and Agreements divide, as well themselves, as other the commissions not then present, for the Execution of this Act, into Hundreds, Lathes, Wapen- -- Wards, Towns, and other Places within their Limits, privileged or not

privileged in such Manner and Form as to them shall seem expedient (nevertheless not such Division not to retrain com thereby to restrain the said Commissioners from abling as Commissioners in any other Part missioner from acting: i any oiber> of the County or Place for which they are nominated; and shall direct their several or joint art p e coj, n7' r, Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants, high constables, petty constables, Bailiffs and tams, &c.reaspthey°ihah think con other like Officers, and Ministers, and such Number of them as they in their Discretion venie'nt,

shall think moll convenient, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners at requiring them to' appear at a stich Place and Time (not exceeding ten Days] as they shall appoint. And at such their place and Time not ten

Appearances, the said Commissioners shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the tn to reai, he Rates

Rates and Assessments in this Act mentioned, and also openly, declare the Eftebt of their charge them with the Execution Charge to them, and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates, of the AG. and how they ought to proceed in the Execution of this Act, according to the Rates aforesaid. And if any high constables, petty constables, Bailiffs, Inhabitants, or other Offi Persons to whom Precepts diretfed, cers or Ministers, to whom any Precept shall be directed, shall absent themselves without obfentmgwithout Eicufe, to forfeit lawful Excuse to be made out by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses (which Oaths the thcnao t' e: rceed nb 5'nat^Commissioners or any two of them are hereby empowered to administer) or if any Person appearing shall refuse to serve, then every such Person so making default, or refusing to serve, shall for every Time of such Default or Refusal, forfeit and lose unto their ma jesties such Sums as the Commissioners, or so many as shall be present, or the major Part of them being present, shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum. of five Pounds, nor Jess.

than forty Shillings. And at and after such General Meeting had, and Charge given, as aror after such general Meeting, aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall take Care that Warrants be issued forth and directed Commissioners to dima Warrant to two at the least of the mostable and sufficient Inhabitants of each Parish, Township or 1° two f the mo it foffiaent inha tlace within the respective Divisions, thereby appointing and requiring them to be Assessors r "gn, m "che ^ffw: /'

of

and then to divide themselves for the Execution of the AI

486 C 1.

and to prefix the ageflors a Day and Place to bring in Certificates in writing of the Names of peitons in the Limits, and of their sub ilances in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Chattels, ur other Per lb nal Ed ate, or in Offices or employ ments of Pro fit.'

The Afflffors 10 inform thcvnfdves' by all lawful Ways of the full yearly Value of all Manors and hereditament?*

And then to aftcis after the Rate 4 s. per Pound, of the full yearly Value,

and to bring at the Time prefixed a Certificate of the assessment,

and., to return two or more able Persons to be Collectors j

for whose Payment to the Head r collectors the parish or Place to be ah fwerable.

aitcllbrs neglecting or refusing to forve, or making default, forfeit a sum not exceeding 201, or less than 10 1. to be levied by Diitrcfs and Sale of Good?, and to be charged upon the receiver-general, together with the Rates and assessvnents.

Every Affeftor before he acts to take the Oaths.

Certificates of the affeftmcrits to be resumed to the Cohlts before the' 2.8th ' of February', unless Commissionew give further Time;

On return of the Certificates, -- tf12 Commissioners or any three may examine the Preftyiters,

It the Commissioners fh airfufpecl: that tfny Pei fans or Lands whick ^wth wght to be charged are omitted,

or any Person of a greater e flare or Lands of a greater yearly Value than mentioned in the Certificates, Commissioners or any three or more have Power to summon such Person and «owncis(of, Lands to appear at a Day ind Place prefixed to b'e examined touching the ibid Mat

Persons Summoned npt appearing

Anno, quarto Guglielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

of all and every the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and hall therein also appoint and' prefix a certain Day and Place for the find Assessors to appear before them, and to bring in their Certificates in Writing of the Names and Sirnames of every Person dwelling and veftding within the Limits of those. Places with which they shall be charged, and of the subffo.nce and Values of every of them in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Chattels of other personal Estate whatsoever (except before, excepted) or in public Offices of Employments of Profit. And the said Assessors are therein also to be required, and are hereby enjoin CD to ascertain and inform themselves, by all lawful Ways and Means they can, of the true and full yearly Value of all Manors, messuages, Lands, and tenements, 'as also of all Qiinrries, Mines of Coal, Tin or Lead, Copper, Mundick or aether Mines, Ironworks, Salt Springs and salt Works. Mines and Works, Parks, Chases, 'Warrens; Woods, under woods and Coppices, and all Tifhings, Tithes, Tolls, Annuities and other yearly Profits, and; of, all Hereditaments of what Nature or Kind soever foituate, lying and being,; happening or arifong within the Limits of those Places' with which they shall be' charged,:; 'And being so thereof ascertained,: they are to act ds all and every the said Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements and premisses before appointed to be charged after the Rate of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings of the full yearly Value, as the fair are let for, or.wdrth to be let' at' the Time of aileffing thereof, as aforesaid, and to bring with theip, -. at itfte Time and Place so as aforesaid prefixed for their Appearance, a Cet' tificate in (Writing lof, the said Affoffonent, and shall then also. return the Names, of Two ox more able and sufficient..persons living within the Limits and Bounds of those parishes, townships: on Places where they shall be chargeable respectively, to be collectbr.siof the Moneys, to be paid to their Majesties by this Act; for whose paying 'in to the head Collector in Manner hereafter mentioned, such Moneys as they shall be charged withal, the Parish or Place wherein they are so employed shall be answerable. And if any afteftor so, as aforesaid, appointed or to be appointed shall neglect or refuse to serve, or shall make Default at the Time appointed for his Appearance (not having a lawful Excuse to be witnessed by the g'aths of two credible Witnesses, which the said Commissioners or any two of them have power to administer) or shall not perform his Duty, every such afteftor shall for every such Neglect, Refusal or Default, forfeit and lose unto their ma jeffi.es'.such Sum as the Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present, or the major Part of them shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, nor under the' Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, in like manner, as by this Act is appointed for levying the several Rates and afteff ments herein mentioned, in case of Neglect or Refusal of Payment, and to be charged upon the respective Receivers General, together with the said1 Rates and assessments. And every afteftor so as aforesaid appointed, or to be appointed, shall before he take upon him the Execution of the said Tmployment take the Oaths mentioned and required to be taken, by at; Act made in the Parliament held in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, entitukd, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, (which Oaths any two of in the County where the said Assessment is to be made, have' hereby Power, and are required hereby to administer.)

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates' and affect ments upon all ready Moneys, Debts; Goods, Chattels, personal estates', and public Offices and Implpyriierits of Profit, charged by this Act, shall be ascertained, and the Certificates thereof returned to the commissioners; uporf Or before the.eighvand' twentieth Day. of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, unless' the Commissioners shall think fit to give further Time: And'also the Taxations and Assessment's of the pound rate of four Shillings in the Pound of the yearly Value of all manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditament's and premisses charged by this Act, shall be made and ascertained, and the several arid' respective Certificates thereof returned in to the Commissioners, upon or before: the eight ad; twentieth day of February aforesaid, unless the Commissioners shall think fit to give further Timer And upon Return of any such Certificate, the Commissioners, 'b any three or iriord of them, shall and may (if they see Cause) examine the Presenters thereof. Arid if the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, within their several LI iri its, at the Time of the Return of the certificates, as aforesaid, or within twenty Day's

after, shall know, or have good cause to suspect. That any Person or Persons, or any the.

other Pwem iffes; ate of a said' Chminiffiohers

1 greater yearly Value than in the said Certificate is mentioned, they on any three or more of them.shall have Power to summon such Perfoiu or persons; and the Owners 6r: possessors of such Manors or other premisses, to appear hcfofp them afa dajf&rrd Place pfefixdd, th bd Examined touching' thfe 'Matters aforesaid. And if. the Person or Persons summoned; to be so examined, shall neglect so appearfnot having i; '.u.u.:, «.5.. pt. V -, J

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

e'asonable Excuse, such his Default) every Person so making default, shall pay to their Majesties double the Sum he should or ought to have been set at or rated. And moreover the Commissioners, or the major Part ot so many of them as shall be present, shall have Power by all lawful Ways and Means to examine into, the Estate of such Person, and the Value of such Premises chargeable by this Act, and to set such Rate or Rates upon the same, as shall he according to the true Intent of this Act. And the said afieitors are hereby squired to give one Copy of their Certificates or, Assessments fairly written and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners, by whom they were appointed. And the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to cause the said several and, respective a^efl ments to them delivered (when by them approved of or altered, according to the true Intent of this Act) to be fairly written, and to lign and seal several duplicates or Copies of the said Assessment; And one of them so signed and sealed forthwith to deliver, or, cause to be delivered unto the sub collectors, and shall likewise deliver or cause to be delivered other Copies thereof so signed and sealed unto the head col feftors; and Receivers Genera), according to their several and respective Collections and Receipts. And moreover, the Commissioners shall cause a true Copy Or Extract of the whole Sums allefled and charged within every hundred. Lathe, Wapentake, Parish, Ward, or Place, rated or assessed in pursuance of this Act, and of the whole.sums rated or, af selfed upon personal Estates, Offices, or Employments, to be certified, and transmitted into their Majsfties Court of Exchequer, under, the hands and Seals of any two. or more of the Commissioners, but without naming the Persons in such their Certificates. And this the said Commissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the twentieth Day of March then next ensuing, or within thirty Days after (all Appeals to therti made being first determined); and the king'.s Remembrancer in the Exchequer, for the Time ibeing, i shall, and is hereby required, within three Months after the Duplicates of the last Payment shall be transmitted to him to transcribe all the Schedules and Duplicates of the Sums returned to him from and for every respective County, Fading, City and Town, and every Hundred, Wapentake, Parish, Division, Town and Place therein, in a Book of Parchment in alphabetical Order, and in a fair legible handwriting; within three Months after the same shall be so by him received, to transmit all. and every the same Schedules and Duplicates to the Office of Writer of the Tallies, commonly, called the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, who is: hereby likewise authorised jafid required to enter the same in the like alphabetical Order in another Book of Parchment fairly written, to be provided for that Purpose.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Commissioners, or any two or more of them shall blue out their Warrants or Estreats to the Subcollectors, under their Hands and Seals, thereby requiring them to levy and collect one fourth Part of the Rates and assessments m'respect of their ..personal Estates, Offices and employments, and also one. fourth Part of the pound.'rate charged upon all Manors, Mefluagies,; Land si, Tenements, and Hereditaments,; and Premises, as afo it said. < jand the said sub bolleftors: are hereby required and enjoined to levy and collect the same, according to the Duplicates thereof by them received, and according to the Intent and Directions of this Act; and to make Demand of the said Rates and Assessments upon personal Estates, Offices and tlm ployments, of the Parties themselves if they can be found, or otherwise at the Place, of their last, Abode; and to pay. the same unto their respective head collectors, on. of before the tenth Day of March one thousand six. hundred ninety-two, or within 'twenty Days after. And the said head collectors. are to hasten the said sub collectors, and iin case tyre same shall not be collected by reason ofineglect or Failure of duty/of the faitsub collectors, the said head collectors are to levy by Warrant under the Hands, and' Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners, by Dill refs upon the sub collectors respectively, such Sum and Sums of Money, as by him and them ought to have been paid, and is.or are not paid, by reason of his Failure in doing his.duty, according to the Directions of this Act. And every head collector is.hereby required to "make payment, of what shall he ..so levied or received, unto the receiver-general of the said County, City or Place, upon or before the twentieth Day of March aforesaid, or within twenty. Days after. And the receiver-general is likewise required to call upon and hasteni; the said head collectors, and to jray what he shall receive from the said head collectors unto their imajestics Receipt: of exchequer, upon or before the five and twentieth Day of March aforesaid, or within twenty Days after, to the end that the first Payment: of the said Rates and afteirments mayiby that Time be fully answered and paid in to their Majesties. And the sub collectocs.shall also levy the second quarterly Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, charged' as aforesaid, upon or before the second Day of June then next ensuing, oorwjthin ftwhnt.yfbkays after, and shall also pay the same in to the; head collectors upon or before thh ninthaday of June aforesaid, or within twenty Days after. And the said? kead cdlleftprs shall. niake Payment thereof to die receiver-general of the said County, 1. City, or place, j.jipon; pr: be

fojre

C r. 487

(nor having a rcafenable excufr)ro paj double the Sum he ought to be rated,

Commissioners or the major Tart present have Power to examine into the Estate of such Person, and the Valued the Premisses, and.to set such Rates according to the Intent of the Ai.

Assessors to give on Copy of their Assessments to the Commissioners. Commissioners to cause the same ro be fairly written, and sign and seal Duplicates.

One to be delivered to the snb col lcftors.

Others to the head collectors and Receivers General.

Commissioners to cause an Extract of the whole Sums charged, C to be certified into the Exchequer before the twentieth Day of March, or within thirty Days after.

king's Remembrancer within three months to transcribe theduplicates, C

and within three Months after to transmit the same to the Officers of the Receipt.

Commissioners to issue Wamns.' oath sub collectors for levying, C

sub collectors to levy and collect according to their Duplicates j

and make Demand of the rates on personal Estates and Offices of tbt Parties th^mftjlves, if they can be fdond, to be paid to the Collectors before the jeth of March. head collectors to hasten the sub ^olleflors./ ..«rr

In case of Ncgjeftpf the sublet leftors the Sums to be levied by Distress and Sale of Goods.

head collectors to pay in to Receiver-general before the aoth of March.

Receiver to pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer beiore the 25th of March. j -

*si

Times for the second quarterly Payment,

488 C 1.

Times for the third Quarterly Pay snc.it.

Times for the last quarterly pay nftnt.

All Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act to use Diligence, &c.

plead coiieftor's Receipt a discharge to the sub collector.

sub calleftor to have threepence in the Pound for what he receives.

mead collectar to be appointed by Receiver.

No sub collector to be forced to Travel above 10 Miles.

Commissioners Clerks to have ene Penny per Pound for writing the Warrants Jcc,

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

fore the sixteenth Day of "June aforesaid, or within twenty Days after. And the said Receiver Genera'] is also required to make Payment of all which he hall so receive into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, upon or before the four and twentieth Day of June aforesaid, or within twenty Days after; to the end that the second Payment of the faij Rates and Assessments so charged, as aforesaid, may by that Time be fully answered and paid in to their Majesties. And the said sub collcctors are also required and enjoined to levy one other quarterly Payment of the said Rates and Assessments charged, as aforesaid, upon or before the fourth Day of September then next ensuing, and shall also pay the same unto the said respective head collectors on or before the twelfth Day of September aforesaid, or within twenty Days after. And the said head collectors are to hasten the said sub collectors; and in case the same hall not be collected by reason of neglect or Failure of Duty in the said sub collectors, the head collectors are to proceed against them by Distress in like Manner,: and by like Warrant, as aforesaid. And every head collector is hereby required to make Payment of what shall be so levied or received unto the receiver-general of the said County, City, or Place, upon or before the twentieth Day of September aforesaid, or within twenty J )ays after. And the receiver-general is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said head collectors, and to pay what he hall receive from the said head collectors into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, upon or before the nine and twentieth Day of September aforesaid, or within twenty Days after, to the end that the third Payment of the said Rates and Assessments may by that Time be fully answered and paid in to their Majesties. And the sub collectors shall also levy one other quattcrly Payment of the said Rates and Assessments charged, as aforesaid, upon or before the second Day of December then next enfu -- ing, or within twenty Days after, and hall also pay the same unto the said head collectors upon or before the ninth Day of December aforesaid, or within twenty Days after. And the said head collectors hall make Payment thereof to the receiver-general of the said County, City, or Place, upon or before the sixteenth Day of December aforesaid, or within twenty Days after. And the said receiver-general is also reqmred to make Payment of all which he hall so receive into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, upon or before the Eve and twentieth Day of December aforesaid, or within twenty Days after; to the end, that: the fourth and last quarterly Payment of the said Rates and Assessments so charged, as aforesaid, may by that Time be fully answered and paid in to their Majesties. And all Commissioners, Collectors, and Receiver are hereby required and enjoined to apply them tselves with all Diligence to the most speedy and effectual Execution of their several and respective Duties, and to use their utmost Endeavours that all Estates herein charged may equally pay the Rates and Assessments according to the Direction of this act, that so their Majesties Service herein may mot be delayed or hindered through any of their wilful neglect or Default.

XI. And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys received by the sub collectors, within their respective Divisions or Hundreds, hall from Time to Time be duly paid to the head collectors, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such sub collector, which sub collector for gathering the said particular Sums hall retain in his Hands for every twenty Shillings by him so paid threepence, as a Reward for his Pains and Service. And the head collectors hall accordingly pay over the said Moneys unto the receiver-general of each County, City, or Place respectively in Manner aforesaid; head collector or Collectors shall be nominated and appointed by the receiver-general of the respective Counties, which said receiver-general, {nall be answerable for all such Sums of Money as shall be by him or them collected or received. And that no sub collector shall be enforced to travel above the Space of ten Miles for the Payment of the said Moneys that shall be by him collected or received; And the said receiver-general's Acquittance shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such head collector. And the receiver-general hall pay the whole Sum by him received into: the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer in such Manner, and at or before such Days and Times as are herein before limited; And hall have an Allowance of twopence in the Pound for all Moneys, which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer up, tn or before the Times prefixed in this act.

XII. And for the careful writing and transcribing the said Warrants, Certificates, Estreats and Duplicates in due Time, It is further enacted, That the Commissioners Clerks, who shall respectively perform the same, shall by Warrant under two or more of the Commissioners Hands, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, one Penny in the i Pound of all such Moneys as he or they hall have received by Virtue of such Warrants and: Estreats, who are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly. And if anyi Person hall. neglect or refuse to pay the several Rates and Assessments, wherewith he is charged by this act for or in respect of his personal Estate, Offices, or Employments, and which he ought to pay; Or if the pound rate, or any Payment thereof so, as aforesaid: upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises,

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

shall be neglected or refused to be paid, then upon Demand made by the Officer ot Collector of the Place, according to the Precept or Estreat to him delivered by the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or collector, "and he and they is and are hereby required for nonpayment thereof to distrain the Person or Persons so refuting or neglecting to pay, by his or their Goods or Chattels, or to defliuin upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Premisses so charged, and the Goods and Chattels then and there found, and the Distress so taken, to keep by the Space of four Days at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof. And if the said Owner do not pay the Sum of Money due by this act, within the said four Days, then the said Distress to be appraised by two or three of tyre Inhabitants where the said Distress is taken, and to be sold by the said Officer or Collector, for the Payment of the said Money, and the Overplus coming by the said Sale, if any be over and above the Charges, and of taking and keeping the Distress, to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof. And moreover it shall be lawful to break open in the daytime any House, and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners, any Chest, Trunk, or Box, or other Things where such Goods are, calling to their Assistance the Constables, Tythinginen, or Headboroughs, within the Counties, Towns, or Places where any Refusal, Neglect or Reiiftance shall be made; which laid Officers are hereby required to be aiding and allifting in the Premisses.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with any Rates or Assessments by this Act impoied shall be under the Age of one and twenty Years, in every such Case, the Parents, Guardians, or Tutors of such Infants respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, shall be and are hereby made liable to and chargeable with the Payments which such Infants ought to have made; and if such Parents, Guardians or Tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against them in like manner, as against any other Person or Persons making default of Payment, as herein before appointed. And all Parents, Guardians or Tutors, making Payment, as aforesaid, shall be allowed ail and every the Sums so paid for such Infants upon his and their Accounts. And the several and respective Tenants of all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises which by virtue of this at shall be chargeable with any pound rates, as aforesaid, are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be rated upon such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and premiltes, and to deduct out of their Rents so much of the said Rates, as in respect of the said Rents piyabie for such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or premifi es the Landlord should and ought to bear. And all Landlords, both mediate and immediate (according to their respective Interests) are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon receipt of the Residue of the Rents: And every Tenant, paying the said Assessments of the pound rates, shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid unto such Person or Persons unto whom his Rent should have been due and payable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person rated orassessedfor his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office and Employment in the County, City or Place where such Office or Employment is executed. And every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any personal Estate to him any way belonging, shall be rated ac such Place where he or fly shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this act. And all Persons not being Housholders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall he taxed at the place whee they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act. And if any Person who ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his personal Estate, shall at the Time of his aflfiment be out of the Realm, such Person shall berated therefore in such County, City or Place where he was last abiding within the Realm.

XV. Provided, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes in any County or Counties other than the County where he shall be resident, or had his last Residence, it shall be lawful to rate or afiefs such Person for such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes in the County or Counties where the same shall be; and every Person who shall be rated orassessedfor or in respect of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other the Premises according to the pound rate of four Shillings as aforesaid, shall be rated andassessedin the Place where such Messuages, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, respectively do lye, and not elsewhere.

XVI. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons by reason of his or their having several mansion houses, or Places of Residence, or otherwise shall be doubly charged by orcasion of this Act, for or in respect of his or their personal Estate, then upon Certificate made by two or more of the Commissioners for the County, City, or Place of his or their last personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him or them, and in what Capacity or Respect he or they were so charged (whlh Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without Delay, See, or Reward) and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any one Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is here

C r. 4.89

In case of non pa) n.ent Cul!: los to distrain.

and to kfep the pi.1rers four Esys at the owner*i Charge,

then to be appraised and sold, and the Overplus, restored.

Lawful to break open House; in ife d.iy time,

and by Warrant from two commissioner any Chest; & C calling to Assistance the Constables, CC

Parents and Guardians to pay the Rates imposed on In tarns,

and upon Neglect or Refusal to be proceeded against as ocher delault ers.

Suras paid to be allowed upon their Accounts.

Tenants to pay the Rates, ano so deduct it out of their Rent to the Landlords.

Persons to be rated for Offices at the Places where executed, and for personal estates where they shall be resident.

Persons not Housholders at the Place where they shall be resident at the Execution of the act.

Person out of the Realm to be rated for personal Estate at the Place he was last resident within the Realm.

Any Person having Goods, C in any County (other than the County wherein he lives) to be ratej in the County where the Goods ire, Persons to be rated for Lands, Sec. in the Place where such Lands lie.

Any Person in respetft of several Places of Residence being doubly charged for his personal Estate upon Certificate and Oath thereof, to be discharged for lo much.

4.90 C i.

ar.y Person who by changing his P! He of Refldmct: or orhei promt, ball ca; aj*u taxed, upon Proof thereof to b cuiubjy charged.

Every ho'i/holder to give an Account of his Lodgers to the at feffors.

Commissioners within their Division to rate each nther for their personal eilaus and Offices,

Commissioners to assess the afftf fors.

Every Person having a Share in the New river, Thames, Hyde Park, or mary bone Waters, or Profits arising thereby,

or any Interest in the fling's prin ting house, to pay 4s. in the Pound.

Every Person having Share or Interest in the said New river water, Thames, Hyde park, or mary bone Waters, and in the Stock for Printing, shall be assessed by the Commi (Tinners appointed for the City of London,

and the Sum to be paid by the re fpcclive Treasurers or Receivers.

Act not to extend to Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey or gucrn fey for personal Estates in those Places.

Any Person assessed finding himself aggrieved may appeal.

The major Part of the commifii cners who signed the Rare shall within ten Days after such Appeal examine the Person upon Oath, and abate or increase their assessment.

Commissioners required to meet to gcthei for determining Appeals.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

by authorised and required to administer) then the Person and Persons so doubly charged, shall for so much as shall be so certified, be discharged. in every other County, City or j. lace. And if any Person that ought to be taxed by Virtue of this Act, for or in re pest of his personal Estate, flail by changing his Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, efcajje from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any two of them, or before any two Justices of the Peace of the County where such Person dvvejletii or reiideth at any Time within one Year next ensuing after such Tax made, every Person that shall! so escape from the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged (upon Proof thereof) at the double Value of so much as he should or ought to have been taxed a: by this Act, the said double Value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the' of or Justices (before whom such Proof shall be made) to is levied or the Goods, Lands and Tenements of such Persons.

XVII. And for the better Discovery of personal Estates, Be it further drafted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Housholder flail upon the Demand of the aitefl ors of the respective Parishes or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall lojourn or ledge in their respective Houses.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Commissioners that shall be within any County, City, or Place within the respective Limits, or the major Part of them, flail rate, tax, and afiefs every other Commissioner joined with them, lor, and in respect of the ready Money, Debts, Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate of such Commissionlers, and also for and in respect of the Offices and Employments of Profit, which at the Time of such Taxation shall be held and enjoyed by such inmissioners, so as the Residence and usual dwelling Place of such Commissioner so to be taxed, be within the di vision of such Commissioner by whom he is taxed, and so as the.office or Employment held and enjoyed by such Commissioner so to be taxed, be likewise to be exercised within the Division or Limits of such Commissioner by whom he is to be taxed. And the Commissioners within their Division, shall also afiefs every afleftor within their Division, for all and Angular the Premises for which by this Act he ought to be rated and assessed, and as well all Sums - assessed upon every the said of and Aflefi ors as the Assessments made and set by the afi essors aforesaid, shall be written, estreated, levied and gathered as the same should and ought to have been, if such Commissioners had not been named Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons having any Share or Shares, or Interests in any fresh Stream of running waters brought to the north Parts of London, commonly called. The New River, or in any Thames waterworks, or in the Hyde park, or maty bone Waters, or any rents or Profits arising thereby, and all and every Person and Persons having any Share or Interest in the Stock or Stocks for printing of Books in or belonging to the House commonly called, The King's Printing House, shall pay for the same the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings of the full yearly Value thereof. And all and every Person and Persons having any Share or Shares, or Interest in the river water brought to the North Part of London, crin any Thames waterworks, or the Hyde park, or mary bone Waters, or in any Rents or Profits arising thereby charged by this Act, and also the said Stock and Shares for Printing as aforesaid, shall be assessed for the same by the Commissioners nominated and appointed for the City of London, or any three of them, after the Rates herein contained: And the lame shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint by the the Treasurers or Receivers of the said river waters, and waterworks, and Stock for Printing, and to be deducted at and out of their next Dividend.

XX. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, for and concerning any such personal Estate, which they or any to their Use have within the said Kingdoms and Islands. And if any Person or Persons certified, assessed, or rated for or in respect of any real or personal Estate, or for or in respect of any Matter or Thing for which by this Act he or they is or may be rated or charged, do find him or themselves aggrieved with such Assessing or Rating, and do within ten Days after Demand thereof made, complain to the Commissioners, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, so as the major Part of the Commissioners, who signed or allowed his or their Rates be present, shall and may within ten Days next after such Complaint, particularly examine any Person or Persons upon his or their Oath, touching the Value of his or their real or personal Estate, and other the Matters aforesaid; upon due Examination or knowledge thereof abate, defalk, increase or enlarge the said assessment and the same so abated, increased, or enlarged shall be levied, and shall be certifiedc or estreated into the Exchequer, in Manner aforesaid. And to that End the said comrr.if. sioners are hereby required to meet together for the determining of such Complaints and Ap accordingly, and for this End to express in their Warrants to the Collectors the 1 Times and Places for determining Appeals, and Appeals once heard, and determined: to be final without any further Appeal, upon any Pretence whatsoever.

z

XXL

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

XXI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforvfdd, That if any Assessor, Cole.

I.

491

Any Assessor Collector, r*rceive % wilfully neglecting or refusing to do lus Duly

Commissioners r r any three fl«uli impose a Tint! not exceeding 2d. nor under jol*

Any two of the commissioner. may require m Account irorn the Receivers Genrral.

If any Conlroveify arise concerning the Assessing the Commissioners, the Commissioners concerned to withdraw during the Debate,

And in default the commissioners present may feta Fine not exceeding 20l.

letter, Receiver, or other Person appointed by the Commissioners, Avail wilfully neglect or refuse to perforin his Duly in the due and speedy Execution of this Actor if any A fit (Tor shall wittingly or knowingly under rate or assess at an under Value, any Person or Thing chargeable by this Act, the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them may and flvall by virtue of this Act, impose on such Person and Persons so refusing, nc glecting, or not performing their Duties, any Fine, not exceeding the Sum of twemy Pounds, nor under the Sum of ten Pounds for every Offence; which said Fine shall not betaken off', or discharged, but by the Consent of the Majority of the Commissioners who imposed the same; the said Fines to be levied and certified, as aforesaid, into thrir maje flies Court of Exchequer, and charged upon the respective Receivers General amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid. And the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, may and shall from Time to Time call for and require an Account from the respective Receivers General, of all the Moneys received by him of the said head eolledtors, and of the Payment thereof into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, according to the Direction of this Act. And in case of any Failure in the Premilles the said Commissioners, or any tv. o or more of them are hereby required to cause the lame to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any Controversy arise concerning the said Assessments, or the dividing, apportioning or Payment thereof, which concerns any the Commissioners by this Act appointed, That the Commissioners so concerned in the said Controversy, shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw at the Time of the Debate of any such Controversy, until it bs determined by the rest of the Commissioners:

in default thereof, That the Commissioners then present shall have Power, and are hereby required to impose such Fine or Fines, as to them shall be thought fit, upon such Commissioners so refusing to withdraw, hot exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds; and to cause the same to be levied and paid, as other Fines to be imposed by virtue of this Act are

to be levied and paid. And all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any of All Queiiinns and Differences to be the said Rates, Taxes, Assessments or Levies shall be heard and finally determined by the determined by the commissioners. Commissioners, in such Manner as by this Act is directed, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Person or Persons thereby grieved, without further Trouble, or Suit in the Law. And the said Receivers General shall give Acquittances (gratis) to the said head collectors, for all Moneys of them received: And the said head collectors shall also give Acquittances (gratis) to the sub collectors for all such Moneys as shall be paid them in pursuance of this Act: And the said sub collectors shall make and deliver to the said head collectors a perfect Schedule fairly written in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, signed and allowed by any two or more of the respective Commissioners, containing the Names, Sirnanies and Places of Abode of every Person within their respective Collections, that shall make default of Payment of any of the Sums that shall be rated or assessed on such Person by virtue of this Act, where no sufficient Distress is to be found, and not otherwise, and the Sum and Sums charged on every such Person: same schedule to

be delivered by the heatvoliedtor, to the receiver-general of the County, City, or Place respectively, to be by hm returned into their Majesties Court of Exchequer, whereupon every Person so making default of Payment may be charged by Proccls of the said Court, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer in such Cases.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letters Patents granted by their Majesties or any of their royal Progenitors, to any Person or Persons,

Cities, Boroughs, or towns corporate within this Realm, of any Manner of Liberties,

Privileges, or Exemptions from Subhdies, 'Foils, Taxes, Assessments, or Aids, shall be coilftrued or taken to exempt any Person or Persons, City, Place, Borough, or town corporate, or any of the Inhabitants of the same, or in the Tower of London, from the Burden and Charge of any Sum or Sums of Money granted by this Act; but that all and every such Person and Persons, City, Place, Borough and town corporate, shall pay their Proportions of all Rates and Assessments by this present Act imposed; such Letters Patents Grants or Charters, or any Clause of Non Objhinte Matter or Thing therein contained, or any Law, Statute, Custom or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding;

XXIV. Provided also, That no Person inhabiting in any City, Borough, or Town Inhabitants m Cities, boroo 'ns.or coporate, shall be compelled to be an Assessor, or Collector of or for any Part of the Rates and Assessments hereby granted in any Plate or Places out of the Limits of the said City,

Borough, or town corporate.

XXV. Provided, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to charge any College or Hall in either of the two Universities, of the Colleges of jvindfor, Eaton, tvint<my or Westminster, or the Corporation of the Governors of the Charity for Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, of the College of Bromley, or any. Hospital. or in respect of the seltes of the said Colleges, Halls, 'or Hospitals, or any Master, Fellow, or Scholar of any such College or Hall, or any Reader, Officer or Minister of the said Unir

2'verfities.

Receivers General to give the head collectors Receipt gratis, head collectors to give Receipts gratis to the Sub collectors. sub collectors shall deliver a Schedule to the Head cojlcftois of those that make default ot* Payment V here there is no distress.

Which Schedule is to be delivered to the Receivers General.

No Privilege of Exemption from Subfiles Sec. shall extend to Rates granted by this Act

towns corporate, not compellable to be assess ors or Collectors out. of the Limits.

Act not to charge the Societies of Colleges or Hails in the Univeril ties. See,

492 C i.

Or any Reader, Officer or Minister in the Universuies CC lieges or Moll, or the Mutters or Ushers of Schools for ihcir Stipends, or the Houses or Lands of Christ's Hospital, Secor

of any Hospital nr Almshouse, in respeift only of the Rents to be received for the immediate Relief of the Poor therein.

Tenants of Hospitals to be rated for what the Lands are wurth above the Rents reserved.

Inhabitants in Cities and towns corporate, dwelling in one Parish or Ward, and having Goods in another, to be arehed where they dwell.

All Places to be assessed in such County, Division or Place where ui ually assessed.

Where Lands or Houses are unoccupied, and nodittrefs nor the person of the Owner to be found, the Name of the Owner to be certified into the Exchequer i

Which Certificate is to be a Charge, and Process to issue against the Body, Lands and Goods.

Commissioners to examine touching the full Payment of the Sums,

If any Action be prosecuted for any Tiling done in pursuance of this A the Defendant may plead the general Issue, and give this ActV, and the special Matter in Evidence. If the Plaintiff be nonsuit, orver dif! pass against him, the Defendant flwll recover treble Costs,

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

verfities, Colleges or Halls, or any Matter or Usher of any School, for or in respect of any Stipend, Wages, or Profits whatsoever arising or growing due to them in respect of the f..ij several Places and Employments in the said Universuies, Colleges, or Schools, or to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to chri/ps Hospital, St. Bartholon ew's, Bridewell, St. Thomas, and Bethlehem Hospital in the City of London, and Borough of Southwark, or any of them, or the said Corporation of the Governors of the Charity for Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, or the College of Bromley, nor to extend to charge any other Hospital or Almshouses, for or in respect only of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospit; Is or almshouses, being to be received and disbursed for the immediate Use and Relief of the Poor in the said Hospitals or almshouses only.

XXVI. Provided, That no Tenants of any Lands or Houses by Lease or Grant from the said Corporation or any of the said Hospitals or almshouses do claim or enjoy any Freedom or Exemption by this Act, but that all the Houses and Lands which they so hold, shall be rated and assessed for so much as they are yearly worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Corporation, or to the said Hospitals or almshouses, to be received and disbursed for the immediate Support and Relief of the Poor in the said Hospitals and almshouses.

XXVII. Provided also, That where any Person inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City, or town corporate hath his dwelling House in one of the Parishes and Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchnndifes chargeable by this Act, in one or more of the other Paritties or Wards in the same City, that then such Person shall be charged, taxed and assessed for such his Goods and Merchandises in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere in the said City.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the avoiding all Obstructions and Delays in assessing and collecting the Sums which by this Act are to be rated and assessed, all Places, Constablewicks, Divisions and Allotments, which have used to be rated and assessed, shall pay and be assessed in such County, Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Constablewick, Division, Place, and Allotment, as the same hath heretofore usually been assessed in, and not elsewhere.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish or Constablewick shall lie unoccupied, and no Distress can be found on the same, nor the Person of the true Owner or Proprietor can be found within the County wherein such House or Land lieth, by reason whereof the Rate and Assessment upon such unoccupied House and Lands cannot be levied, that then upon Complaint made thereof to the Commissioners for the County, where such Case shall happen to be, the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall certify into their Majesties Court of Exchequer, the Name of the Person whose Lands or House so lieth unoccupied, together with the Sum thereupon assessed, and the Parish or Place where such Land or House ljeth; which Certificate is hereby declared to be a sufficient Charge upon the Person and Land or House therein named, and shall make the Person Debtor to their Majesties for the Sum so affected. And the Court of Exchequer shall i(tue out Process thereupon against the Body, Goods and all other the Lands of such Debtor, until the Sum so assessed be fully and actually levied and paid to their Majesties.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That at the Expiration of the respective Times in this Act prescribed for the full Payment of the several and respective Rates and assessments herein before granted, the several and respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them within their Division and Hundred, shall and are hereby required to call before them the chief collectors and sub col ledtors within each respective Division and Hundred, to examine and allure themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular Sum and Sums of Money charged within and upon the said Division and Hundred, and every Parish and Place therein, and of the due Return of the same into the Hands of the receiver-general of the said County, City, Town and Place respectively; by such receiver-general, to the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, to the End there may be no Failure in the Payment of any Part of the Rates and Assessments which by this Act ought to be levied and paid. And in case of any Failure in the Premises, the commissioner, or any two of them, are to cause the same forthwith to be levied and paid according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for i whatsoever he or they shall do in pursuance or in Execution of this Act, such Person or < Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the general Issue, Not guilty; and upon any Issue joined, may give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence. And if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict shall pass against him, the Defendants shall recover their treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy as in case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendants.

XXXII

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

XXXII. Provided always and be it enacted, That every Rate, Tax, or Assessment which shall be made or imposed by virtue of this at, in respect of any House or Tenement which an ambassador, Resident, Agent, or other public Minister of any foreign Prince or State, now doth or shall hereafter inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said Houses or Tenements respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all privileged and other Places, being ex raparochial or not, within any the Constablewicks or precincts of the respective Aflellors, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, (although in any Monthly or other Tax they have not been assessed or rated heretofore) the said Commissioners or any two or more of them, shall and are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit persons living in or near the said privileged or other Places, as aforesaid, to be Assessors for the said Places, and to make and return their Assessments, in like Manner as by this Act is appointed, in any parish, Tything, or Place; and also to appoint one or more Collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the same according to the Rates appointed by this act for the collecting and paying all Sums of Money payable by this act.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall be construed to alter, change, determine, or make void any Contracts, Covenants, or Agreements whatsoever between Landlord and Tenant, or others touching the Payment of Taxes or aflell nients; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be employed in the Execution of this act, shall be liable for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in the act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the preventing of Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this act before he shall have taken the Oaths appointed by an act of Parliament made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance., and appointing other Oaths; which Oaths it shall be lawful for any two or more Commissioners to administer, and are hereby required to administer to any other Commissioner.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Papist, or reputed Papist being of the Age of sixteen Years or upwards, who shall not have taken the Oaths mentioned, and required to be taken by the said last mentioned act, shall yield and pay unto their Majesties double the Sums and Rates which by Force or Virtue of any Clause in this act before mentioned, or contained, he or she should or ought to pay or be charged with (that is to say) For every hundred Pounds of ready money and Debts, and for every hundred Pounds worth of Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Chattels, or personal Estate, the Sum of eight and forty Shillings; and so after that Rate for every greater or lesser Quantity; and for every twenty Shillings of the full yearly Value of any Manors, Messuages, or other Hereditaments or Premises charged by this act, which he or she shall have or hold, the Sum of eight Shillings to be assessed, levied and collected, answered, recovered, and paid in such Manner, by such Ways and Means, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are before in this act expressed or appointed for and concerning the abovementioned Rates and Sums, which are hereby intended to be doubled, as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That if any such Papist or reputed Papist within ten Days after the first Meeting of the said Commissioners in the respective Counties or Places, where he or she ought to be taxed or assessed, according to the Intent of this present act, shall take the said Oaths, before two or more of the said Commissioners (which Oaths the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) That in such case lie or Hie shall not be liable to be doubly assessed, as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person being of the Age of sixteen Years, or upwards, and being within this Realm at the Time of the Execution of this act, who shall not before that Time have taken the said Oaths mentioned and required to be taken by the said act, intituled, An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; ard upon Summons by warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more of the Commissioners appointed by this act, shall refuse to take the said Oaths at the Time appointed in the said Warrant, or shall neglect to appear at such Times before the Commissioners in order to take the said Oaths, (which

I Oaths the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall yield and pay unto their Majesties double the Sums and Rates which by force or virtue of any Clause in this Act before mentioned or contained he or she should or ought to pay, or be charged with, in manner as is. before in this act appoints ed touching Papists or reputed Papists,

C 1.

493

Assessments on Houses where fore gn m*rrifters shall be resident, hall be paid by the Landlord or Owner.

In all extraparochial and privileged Places, the Commissioners, cr any two, are required to nominate two Persons in or near the said Places to be Aticilbrs,

and to appoint one or more Collectors.

Nothing in this Act to make void Contras between Landlord orte nant or others, touching Payment of Taxes.

No Commissioners shall be liable lo the Penalties in the Act of 25 Car. 2. touching Possessh Recusants.

nncommissioners shall be capable to act before he have taken the Oaths in the Act 1 vv. & M. for abrogating the Oarhs of Allegiance and Supremacy, C

Wtrcb Oaths any two or more of the Commissioners are required Uj administer.

Every Papist of the Age nf 16 or upwards, not having rjken the Oaths in the last mentioned Act, hall pay double what ethetw ife.tf. Zhou Id h*v.» »'«ivl.

Uriels within ten Days aftar ths Meeting of the Commissioners, Lc hail take the Oaths.

Evtfry Person of 16 Years of Agc3. who hall not have taken the Oaths before the Time of the Execution of the Act being summoned,

shall irefufe take the Oaths, or neglect u appear; before th of in order to take tha. said Oaths,

hall pay double the Rates he a thervyife ought,

XL

4'94 C i.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

Every Gentleman, or so reputed, Sec. who by the Atl 3 W. Sc Mi for the quarterly Poll, did oroujjht to have paid double, or to have been returned into the Exchequer for nonpayment, who shall not voluntarily appear before the commissioner within ten Days after their first Meeting, and take the Oathe,

such Person shall pay double.

Commissioners ujjon Information or Suspicion are required to sum inon the Person suspedved to appear and take Oaths,

'quakers instead of the Oaths, to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity 1 W. Sc M.

and such Person so doing, shall not be chargeable with double Rates.

No Person liable to the Pound rate, whole Lands are not of the yearly Value of 20 s.

Chancery Officers within the Liberty of the Rolls shall be there af fefted.

Tf Collegers keep any Moneys collected in their Hands,

or pay any Part thereof, other than to the head collectors, or receiver-general shall forfeit" 10 3.

head collectors for the like of fcnee shall forfeit 40 1,

receiver-general for the like Offence shall forfeit 10001.'

Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord Treasurer not to direct Warrant for Payment of any the Mo

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gentleman, or so reputed, or owning, or writing himself such, or being above that Quality, and under the Degree of a Peer of this Realm, who by Virtue of an Act made in the third Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for ralfing Money by a Poll payable quarterly for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous jvar against France, did pay or ought to have paid double the Sums charged by the said Act, or were, or ought to have been returned into the Exchequer for nonpayment thereof, who shall not vol untarily" appear before the said conimif noners, or any three or more of them, within ten Days after the first Meeting of the said Commissioners in the respective Place or Places where he ought to be taxed or assessed, and take the said Caths, appointed by the said Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them are hereby im powered and required to administer, and to make an Entry or Memorandum thereof in some Book to be kept for that purpol'e); such Person shall be charged with, and pay double the Sums which by force or virtue of this Act he should or ought to have paid; the said double Rates to be assessed, levied, collected, answered, recovered and paid in such Manner, by such Ways and Means, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for and concerning the abovementioned Rates and Sums, which are hereby intended to be doubled, as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That any one or more of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, upon Information given, or upon any Cause of Suspicion in that behalf, shall and are hereby required and enjoined to cause. every Person suspected, or against whom such Information shall be given, to be summoned to appear and take the said Oaths as aforesaid.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, That whereas certain Persons, Dissenters from the Church of England, commonly called Quakers, and now known to be such, do scruple the taking of an Oath, It shall be fufrcient for every such Person to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity contained in an Act made in the Parliament held in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesies Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws; Which Declaration any two or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act are hereby im powered and required to take; and every such Person so doing, shall not be liable to or chargeable with any of the double Rates aforesaid.

XLIII. Provided, That no poor Person shall be charged with, or liable to the pound rate imposed by this Act, upon Lands, Temments or Hereditaments, whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are not of the yearly V alue of twenty Shillings in the whole.

XLIV. Provided always, That the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Mahers of Chancery, six Clerics of the petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the Enrolment, Clerks of the Affidavits and Subpcna office, and all others the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberty of the Rolls, shall be there aflei fed for their respective Offices, and not elsewhere.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keep in his Hands any Part of the Money, by him collected, for any longer Time than is by this Act directed (other than the Allowance made unto him by this adlj or shall pay any Part thereof to any Person or Persons other than to the head collector or receiver-general of such County or Place, or his respective Deputy, that every such Collector shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; and in case any head collector Hi all keep in his Han: s any Part f the Money paid to him by any Collectcr by virtue of this Act for any long.r Time than is by this Act directed, or shall pay any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons other than the receiver-general of such County or Place, or his Deputy, every such head collector shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds. And in case any receiver-general, Or his Deputy, shall pay any Part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collector or head collector, by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons whatsoever other than the Receipt of their majesties Exchequer, and at or within the respective Times limited by this Actor in case such receiver-general, or his Deputy, shall

Eay any Part of the said Moneys by any Warrant of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or ord Treasurer, Under treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or upon Tally of pro or Tally of Anticipation, or other Way or Device whatsoever, where by to divert or hinder the actual Payment thereof into the Receipt of Exchequer as afore i laid; that then such Receh er General shall for every such Offence of himself or his Deputy f' Forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds to him or them that shall sue for the lame in any r Court of Record, by Bill, Plaint, or other Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law is to be allowed.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, of the Lord Treasurer, under treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any of them, do not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors, head collectors,

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. C i. 495

or receiver-general, or their Deputies, for the Payment of any Part of the Moneys nicg otherwise tlun ln the eh reby given to any Person or Persons other than into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as c!'<'iuer> af iresaid; nor shall they, or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer or to the Officers of the exchc for the iu iking of any Tally of pro, or Tally of Anticipation, nor do any other Matter or <iupr>[or a, '.y CL

Thing whereby to divert the actual Payment of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the 1, 0 or of Anticipation, Exchequer; nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer (hike, or director record the striking i of any Tally of pro, or Tally of Anticipation upon any of the said Moneys upon any Ac n', r Officers of the Exchc

couttt or Warrant whatsoever; nor shall any Teller throw down any Pill whereby to ai, y luih

1 charge himself with any of the said Moneys, until he shall have actually received the same.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Stay of Prosecution upon any Mo noli proo qui or other Sruy of Command, Warrant, Motion, or Order, or Direction by Non vult ulterius prefequi, tjw, rfu!'on m a" y s, llt asalni10i- shall be had, made, admitted, received, or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suit or k" cr3'

Proceeding by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or otherwise, for the Recovery of all or any the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted, or therein mentioned, or for, or in order to the Convibcion or Disability of any Person offending against this Act.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Lrm, sc to ho aluirejatlyiftst all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments charged bysh^jhcy "ere, a

this Act, shall be rated and assessed at leaf! at double die Sum at which the same was, or J

were assessed by virtue of aji Act of Parliament made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled An act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of two Shillings in the Pound I for one Pear.

XLIX. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons so charged or assessed at least at r°ml^oners impowcied tn abuc>, double the Sum, as aforesaid, shall upon Complaint made to the Commissioners in such bavj^s. in chc ijoundt^" Manner, and widish such Time as is herein before directed in Cases of Appeals, make it appear to the said Commissioners, or any five of them, by Proof upon Oath, that such assessment doth exceed four Shillings for every twenty Shillings of the full yearly Value, in such Case, upon such Proof, and due Examination thereof, the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to abate and lelten the said assessment so much as the same shall exceed four Shillings for every twenty Shillings of the true yearly Value, and no more.

L Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby named a Commissioner Commissionen acting before taking shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before he shall have e al slor c'l^'

taken the Oaths which by this Act he is required to take, and in the Manner hereby pre icribed, he shall forfeit to their Majesties the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

LI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a. pv!°n c3p.al)le of acting as a

Commissioner in the Execution of this Act for any County or Riding, or the Cities of Lon fntondo

don or Westminster, unless he was assessed, and did pay to their Majesties me Sum of twenty not pay 2.0s. a Quarter to the quar shillings quarterly towards the Rate; and Assessments granted by an Act made in the ln.lt terly Poll.

Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising Money by a Poll payable

Quarterly for one Year, for tbs carrying on a vigorous tvar against France, find also that no No Person capable of acting as a Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act for any cn1nr, mifl oner in any other Place, other City, or in any Borough, Town or Cinque port, or the Counties thereof respectively, ^arterk or los/quartedy!3' unless he was assessed and did pay to their Majesties the Sum of twenty Shillings quarterly, as aforesaid, or was assessed, and did pay to their Majesties the Sum of ten Shillings quarterly (as a Tradesman worth three hundred Pounds) towards the said quarterly Poll.

LII. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Com r case there be not commiieoners missioner for any City, Borough, Town or Cinque port (for which, by this Act Commit enough sufficiently qualified for any sioners are particularly appointed) capable of acting according to the Qualifications afore SQ or Town the Commissionera Grid for putting this Vt in Execution, that in every such Case any offfie Commissioners foc disappointed

for the County at large, within which such Cities, Borough, Town, or Cinque port doth Hand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may act as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act within such City, Borough, Town, or Cinque port.

LILL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall not be a sufficient In case there be not 3 fufilciecc Number of the Persons nominated to be Commissioners for any County, who shall be ca con!fl "(ners capable

pable of acting as Commissioners according to the Qualifications in this Act before menti. ° "ln <wanlr cuni. > oned, that in every such Case, it shall be lawful for their Majesties to issue or cause to be theiqfajesties mayconftitu under issued one or more Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of England, and there

by to nominate, constitute, and appoint such and so many Persons being resident, and of 100l. per annum in thacouaiica -- having real Estates of the Value of one hundred Pound a Year in the said respective Couii to be commissionei s. ties, for which they shall be respectively nominated to be Commissioners for putting this present Act in Execution in the said Counties respectively; said Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed for the said Counties respectively shall have such and the same:

Powers for putting this Act in Execution in the said respective Counties, and under the

same.

49^ C i.

If after the afll/tment, any Pet fun hall remove to a Place where he was not rated for personal Estate, the commission.e s are to summon such Person before them, and cause him to be rated,

and unless he produce a Certificate, that he was afiefled, and paid all the precedent quarterly Payments for his personal Estate.

The King's Bench Prison with the Lands, &(*.

Units and Perquisites of the Office or Marika 1,

and the prison heuse Lands, Sec. of the Marshal of the Mnrftra fej, and Offices and Perquiurcs of the Marshals Ourt, shall be charged and alleifed in thcparish of St. George in Southwark.

Where Owners of Lands are liable to be doubly charged, as Pnpifts, or otherwise, for not taking the Oaths,

the Owners shall be only charged with dcuble 'faxes, and the Tenants are discharged.

Borrowing Clause at Interest, not exceeding yl. percent,

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

same Rules and Directions as any other Commissioners nominated and appointed by this Add; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And for the more effect ual charging all personal Estates, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Assessments on personal Estates directed by this Act, shall be made, any Person shall come to inhabit or rclide in any Division or Place where such Person was not rated or taxed for personal Estate, the Commissioners acting V ichin such Division or Place, are hereby required and empowered to summon such Person before them; and unless he or fire shall produce a Certificate made according to the Directions of this Act, whereby it shall appear that he or she was assessed, and had actually paid all the precedent quarterly Payments in some other Place for his or her personal Estate, the said commissioners hall, and are hereby required to cause such Person to be assessed for his or her personal Estate, and cause the same, or such quarterly Payments thereof, as shall be then unaflefted and unpaid, to be assessed, levied, and paid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LV. Provided always, that the Prison of the King's Bench, the prison house, Lands, Gardens and the common side, and all the Rents, Profits and Perquisites of the Office of Marsha] of the said King's Botch Prison, lying, and being in the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and also the prison house, Lands and Gardens of the Prison of the Marshal of the Marshalsea Prison, and all Offices, Perquisites and Profits of the Marshalsea Court and Prison, lying and being also in the said Parish of St. George in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey, shall be charged and assessed to this aftefl ment in the said Parish of St. George and Borough of Southwark, and not elsewhere; any Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

lvf. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Owners of any Lands, te ncmems, or Hereditaments, are liable to be doubly charged as Papists, reputed Papiits, or otherwise, by reason of their not having taken the Oaths according to thelntentof this Act, in every such Case such Owners only shall be charged with, and shall pay the said double Rates: And the respective Tenants of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are hereby discharged of and from the same; any Covenant for Payment of Taxes, or other Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to advance and lend unto their Majesties upon the Security of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, and to have and receive for the Forbearance thereof any Sum not exceeding seven Pounds by the hundred for one whole Year and no more directly or indirectly; moreover, that no Money solent upon the Secuityof this Act shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act.

LVIII. And to the End that all Moneys which shall be lent to their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act, may be well and sufficiently secured out of the Moneys arising and payable by this Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, one Book and Register, in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act, shall he entered and regirtred apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties upon any other Branch of their Majesties Revenue, or upon any other Account whatsoever: And that all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money to their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for Ins r.payment, bearing the same Date with his Tally: In which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance thereof, not exceeding seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, for his Consideration, to be paid every three Months, until Repayment of his Principal: And that all Orders for Repayment of Money, shall be registered in Course according to the Date of the Tally respectively, without Preference of one before another: And that all and every Person and Persons

mail be paid in course, according as their Orders shall stand entered in the said Register book, so as the Person, Native or Foreigner, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who shall have his Order or Orders first entered in the said Book of the Register, shall betaken and accounted the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Act: And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively, and in course. And that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns successively, without Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and not to be diverti hle to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever: that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity,

directly, or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any of their Majesties Subjects for providing or making of any such Books, Registers, Entries, Views or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest, as aforesaid, by any of their Majesties Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party 3 aggrieved

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. C i. 497

aggrieved by the Party offending, with Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand am furl See or Reward, then to lose his Place also. And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either ill point of Regillry or Payment, contrary to tyre true Meaning of this Act, by any such of fier or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to nay the Value of the Debt, Damages and Costs, to the Party aggrieved, and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office: And if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity

of his Maffcr, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Coils, and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office. And in case the Auditor shill not direct the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment according to each person's due Place and Order, as afore directed, then he or they shall be judged to forfeit, and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs in such Manner, as aforesaid, all which find Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eilbin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, injundhon, or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

LX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, folie enters them all the same Day.

LX pro.ided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Order's of Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Order before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money, and bring their Order in their Course, so as tly.re be so much Money rei erved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise dil posed, but kept for them; interest upon Loan, being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved, and kept in Bank for them.

lxl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons to whom any Money shall be due by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register aforesaid, for Payment thereof, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by Endorsement of his Order, may assign and transfer his Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders, which the Officers shall upon Request, without F ee or Charge accordingly make, shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like manner assign again, and so ioties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignments, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

LXII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That all and every the principal Sums of Money Choose f r trans which in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled An Ailfor rais fruh' n sing Money by a Poll payable quarterly for one Year for carrying on a vigorous jvar against France, 2nd of their the reccif 'tt^Letters of Privy Seal, bearing date the three and twentieth Day of September one thousand six the quarterly hundred ninety-two, made in pursuance of the said Act, have been lent, or shall be lent to their Maje poll to ihecrc ftics at ihe Receipt of their Exchequer, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of seven hundred thirty-five thou of this Act, sand three hundred ninety one Pounds eighteen Shillings five Pence Plalfpenny, and all and every the Or", ", ^urvrefl ders of Loan for the same, shall be in the first Place transferred to and placed upon the Register appointed to h'hty 'sve thou be kept by this Act, and shall be registered thereupon, in such Course and Order as they now have by the fund three hun boolcs kept in the said Receipt; or where any special Agreements have been made with the Lenders for the ninety one Course or Order they were to have, in all such Cases, according to those Agreements; which Tran fferences'|hte: n

shall and maybe, and are hereby required to be made by virtue of this Act, without making any fifties, orta f^nc^halt king any Receipts from the Parties, in order to transfer the said Loans: And that the principal Moneys upon penny, the said Orders so transferred, shall be payable and paid to the Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act, in the same Course and Order according to which they are hereby appointed to be transferred, and with Preference to the Loans which any Person or Persons shall make hereafter upon the Credit of this present Adit And that the Interest after the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, due, or to be due, for the Lid Loans to be transferred, as aforesaid, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Moneys arising by this Act, until the respective 'limes of the Satisfaction of the Principal: And that the Auditor of the said Receipt,

upon the transferring of the said Loans, or the Order for the same, as aforesaid, shall make Metnorandums in the Margin of his Books where the same do, or shall stand entered upon the said Act for the quarterly Poll imparting the Transference thereof, and that they are to be paid out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act: And that any Person or Persons who are or shall be intituled to any Moneys to be paid by

such Orders, to be transferred, as aforesaid, Dial 1 or may assign over the same to any other Person or Persons; Assignments shall be good and effectual in Law, and so ioties quoties; anything in the said former Actor in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

498 C i. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

clause of Ap

LXIII. And be it enacted, That out of the Moneys which shall be levied and paid by virtue of this Act,

propnation. into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well by Loan or otherv/ife (over and besides the Sum of seven hundred

thirty-five thousand three hundred ninety one Pounds eighteen Shillings five Pence Halfpenny before 700000l. to thementioned to be transferred to, and placed upon the Register appointed to be kept by this aftj the Sum, use of the Navy, of seven hundred thousand Pounds shall be, and is hereby applied and appropriated to and for the Payment of Officers and Seamen that have served, and shall serve in their Majesties Navy Royal, and for the paying for Stores, Provisions and Victuals, supplied, and to be supplied for the said Navy, and to and for the Expenses

of their Majesties Office of Ordnance in respect to naval Affairs, and for other necessary Uses arid

The Residue to Services, performed and to be performed, in and for the said Navy; And that all other the Moneys which litnj Force; 'e be levied and paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon Loan, as. an urces. otherwise, other than the said Sum of seven hundred thirty-five thousand three hundred ninety one Pounds, eighteen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, and the Interest thereof, and also the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds appropriated for Payments relating to their Majesties Navy, as aforesaid, shall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated to, and for the Payment of their Majesties land Forces and Armies, and the paying for Arms, Ammunition, and other Charges incident to the War, and not otherwise.

LXIV. And for the effectual doing thereof, and that the said several Sums hereby appropriated to the Uses aforesaid, may not be diverted or applied to any other Purpose, Be it further enacted, That the commissioner of the Treasury, or the Lord Treasurer, under Treasurer, or the Commissioners of thetrea fury for the Time being, or any of them do not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors, or Receivers General, or their Deputies for the Payment of any Part of the Moneys hereby given to any Person. or Persons other than into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid; shall they, or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for striking of any Tally of pro, or Tally of Anticipation, or do any other Matter or Thing whereby to divert the actual Payments of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the Exchequer; nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike or director record the striking of any Tally of pro, or Tally of Anticipation upon any of the said Moneys, upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever; shall any Teller throw down any Bill whereby to charge himself with any of the said Moneys, until he shall have actually received the same.

LXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer respectively, shall and are hereby required to keep the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds hereby appropriated for Payments relating to their Majesties Navy, as aforesaid, and the Account thereof distinct from all other Moneys and Accounts whatsoever; that the Lord High Treasurer, under Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the i ime being, or any of them respectively, do not sign any in arrant or Order, or do any Matter or Thing for the issuing or paying any Part of the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated for Payments relating to their Majesties Navy, as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons other than the Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy, and the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy, for the tjfes aforesaid; nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order whatsoever for the issuing any Part of the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds hereby appropriated, as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons, other than the said Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy, and the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy, as aforesaid; shall he direct, nor the Clerk of the Pells record, or any Teller make Payment of any Part of the said appropriated Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds by virtue of any Warrant, or upon any Order or other Way or Device whatsoever, other than to the Persons and for the Uses aforesaid, and to be so mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Order.

LXVI. and it is hereby further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, shall keep such Fart of the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds appropriated for Payments relating to their Majesties Navy, as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, as shall he paid to them respectively, distinct and apart from all other Moneys; and the Treasurer of the Navy shall issue and pay such Part of the said Sum as shall be paid in to him by Warrant of the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, or any three or more of them; and the Treasurer of the Ordnance shall issue and pay such Part of the said Sum as shall be paid in to him by Warrant of the principal officers of the Ordnance, or any three of them, mentioning and expressing in the respective Warrant, the respective Uses. for which the same is respectively issued and paid, according to the respective Appropriations thereof, and applying the same; which said principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, and principal Officers of the Ordnance, are to follow therein the Order and Direction of the Lord High freasurer, or Lords commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, for apportioning the same for the Payment of the Officers, and Seamen, Stores, Provisions, Victuals ami the Office of Ordnance, in respect to naval Affairs, as aforesaid, in such just and proportionable Diiftributions as may be most agreeable to tile true Intent of this Act.

LXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, or any of them, or principal Officers of the Ordnance, or any of them, shall net sign any Navy Bill or Warrant, or do any other Act or Thing for the issuing and paying any Part of the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds so appropriated by this Act, to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than for the respective Uses for which the same is appropriated, as aforesaid, and to be so mentioned and expressed in such Navy Bill or Warrant.

LXVIII

499

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. C i.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, th.it if any of the Officers which are appointed by this Act to receive the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, hereby appropriated for Payments relating to their Majesties Navy, or any Part thereof, shall after the Receipt of the said Money, 'divert or misapply tin; same, or any Part thereof by virtue of any Warrant from the Commissioners of the Treasury, or from tin;

Lord Treasurer, or other superior Officers for the Time being, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, that then such Officer or Officers so diverting or misapplying the said Moneys, shall forfeit the like Sum so diverted or misapplied; said Forfeiture shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of their Majesties Courts at weflminjur, wherein no essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; the one Moiety of which Forfeiture so to be recovered, shall be to the Informer, or him who shall sue for the same, the other Moiety thereof to be distributed to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers mentioned in this Actor in any wise belonging to the Exchequer, Navy, or Ordnance, shall willingly and wilfully offend against this Law, or any Clause thereof, by diverting or misapplying any Part of the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds appropriated for Payments relating to their Majesties Navy, as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, that for any and every such Offence, such Officer and Officers so offending, shall forfeit his Office and Place, and is, and are hereby disabled, and made uncapable to hold or execute the said Office, or any other Office whatsoever for the future.

LXX. Provided also and be it enacted, That no stay of Prosecution upon any Command, Warrant,

Motion, Order, or Direction, by Non vult ulteriusprofequi, shall be had, made, admitted, received or allowed by any Court whatsoever, in any Suit or Proceeding by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or otherwise, for the Recovery of all or any the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted, or therein mentioned, or for or in order to the Conviction or Disability

of any Persons offending against this Act.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That out of the Moneys hereby appropriated to and for the All Moneys if payment of Officers and Seamen that have served and shall serve in their Majesties Nay, Royal, and to Jt, ed for Naval and for the paying for naval Stores and Provisions (other than for Victuals) and to and for the Expenses ^ssa, ncx of their Majesties Office of the Ordnance, in respect of naval Affairs, and for other necessary Uses and for vikuais)

Services performed and to be performed for the said Navy, all such Part thereof as shall be issued and paid to fce paid in

by the Treasurer of the Navy by Warrant of the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, orcourie* any three or more of them for naval Stores and Provisions, shall be paid in Course to every Person r Persons, or their Assigns to whom any such Money is, or shall be due, according to the Dates of the Bills or Contracts registered for the same, and not otherwise; that out of all such further Part of the said Moneys as shall be issued and paid to the Lieutenant and principal Officers of the Ordnance, or the pay master thereof, or his Deputy, for the Expense of his Majesties Ordnance as to naval Affairs, and by them or the said pay niafler respectively to any Person or Persons for Ammunition or any other Use or Service relating to the Office of the Ordnance, shall be in like manner paid in Course to every such Person or Persons, or their Assigns respectively, according to the respective Dates of the Bills and Contracts for the same, and not otherwise: And the Comptroller of the Navy, and storekeeper of the Ordnance are here by respectively required to keep one or more Book or Books in their respective Offices, wherein all Bills and Contracts in reference to the Navy, and Office of the Ordnance for such Bills and Contracts respectively, as aforesaid, shall be duly registered, that all and every Person or Persons concerned therein may have recourse thereunto without paying any fee or Reward for so doing; And if any Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, either by the said Treasurer of the Navy, or pay master of the Ordnance, or Comptroller of the Navy, or storekeeper of the Ordnance, or any of them, or their respective Deputies or Clerks, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay double the Value of the Debt, Damages and Costs to the Party grieved; all which fr.id Penalties, Damages and Costs to be incurred by the Persons aforesaid, or any of them respectively, shall and may be recovered by the said Party grieved, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of re flraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

LXXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lieutenant and princi Officers of Or a. pal Officers of the Ordnance, and the Officers of the navy board, upon any emergent or extraordinary nance or Navy occasion, to pay any of the said Moneys appropriated by this Act to any Person or Persons upon Account, ordinary" oc by way < f Imptefl; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, cifions may pay

LXX

III. Provided also, That it shall not be constiucd any Preference to incur any Penalty in point Impieft Money, of Payment in course, as aforesaid, if the said Treasurer of the Navy, or pay master of the Ordnance, or their Deputies respectively do pay subsequent Bills of Persons which come and demand their Money, 'and bring their Warrant or Order in their Course for the same, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Bills or Contracts registered, as aforesaid, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them in the said respective offices.

a 3 sc AP

A.D. 1692.

*JOO (j j'

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

CAP. II.

An. Ail that the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province.

WHEREAS by Custom within the Province of York, or other Usage, the Widows and younger Children of Persons dying Inhabitants of that Province, are intituled to a Part of the Goods and Chattels of their late Husbands and Fathers (called her and their reasonable Part) notwithstanding any Dif ' position of the same by their Husbands and Fathers last Wills and Testaments, and notwithstanding any Jointures made for the Livelihood of the said Widows by their Husbands in their lifetime, which are competent, and according to Agreement, whereby many Persons are disabled from making sufficient Provision for their younger Children For Remedy whereof;

Persons within II Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and the Province of Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ^ofe bmwiu^ofant^ ky the Authority of the same, That from and afttfr the six and twentieth Day of March one ail^beir person thousand six hundred ninety and three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, inhabi al Estate. ting or residing, or who shall have any Goods or Chattels within the Province of York, by their last Wills and Testaments, to give, bequeath and dispose of all and singular their Goods, Chattels, Debts, and other personal Estate to their Executor or Executors, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Testator or Testators shall think fit, in as large and ample Manner, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm any Person or Persons may give and dispose of the same within the Province of Canterbury, or elsewhere: And that from and after the said six and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and three, the Widows, Children, and other the Kindred of such Testator or Testators shall be b.irred to claim or demand any Part of the Goods, Chattels, or other personal Estate of such Testator or Testators, in any other Manner than as by the said last Wills and Testaments is limited and appointed; any Law, Statute, or ufr.ge to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

freemeno.ryork Iif. Provided always, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the ccd ejheftlnp^"rt Citizens of the Cities of York and C'bester, who are or shall he Freemen of the said respective Cities, in repelled by aa&habiting the rein, or within tile suburbs thereof, at the Time of their Death, but that every such citizen's 3 Ann. C 5. Widow and Children shall and may have and enjoy such reasonable Part and Proportion of the testaror's personal Estate, as file or they might or ought to have had by the Custom of the Province of York, before the making of this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and cither Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, [The Money advanced upon this Act, being deficient is ilipplied by 5 W. & M. cap. 5.]

Most Gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majesties most loyal and dutiful Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, being sensible of the jjreat and necessary Expenses in which your Majesties are engaged, for carrying on the present War against the Fnnch King; and being desirous to supply the same in such manner as may be least grievous to your Majesties Subjects; for the Encouragement of such Persons as shall voluntarily contribute to the advancing and paying into your Majesties Exchequer, towards carryng on the said War, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, upon the respective Terms and Recompenses hereafter mentioned, we your Majesties said dutiful Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, have given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto your Majesties the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, for and during the Term hereafter expressed, and do befeeeb your Majesties that it may be enacted:

Ex If. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Ad 'q Qh UP" vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and other Liquors" ky the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of January one. thousand granted sot 59 six hundred ninety and two, there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, and Years. Conti Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto their majesties, their Heirs aiuf nued for ever by Successors, during the Space and Term of ninety and nine Years, from the said five and twentieth Day of C V Z'january one thousand six hundred ninety and two, and no longer, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other LI jburl.r. i, " 336.9uors herein after expressed, by way of Excise, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and impositions, by any former or other Acts set and imposed, of to be set and imposed, in Manner and Form following (that is to say) a

(1)

(1) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, brewed by the common brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or hall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, nine Pence. (2) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the said common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively,

aforesaid, and so proportionbly for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, threepence. (3) For every Barrel of Vinegar Beer, brewed or made of any English Materials, by any common Brewer, or any other Person for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above all other Duties of Excise payable for the same, one Shilling and sixpence. (4) For every Barrel of Vinegar, or Liquor prepared for Vinegar, made here for Sale, that hath run through foreign Rape, or made with or passing through any foreign Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or leifer Quantity, four Shillings. (5) For every Barrel of Beer, Ale, or Mum, imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, three Shillings. (6) For every Tun of Cyder, or Perry, imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, four Pounds. (7) For every Crallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua vita, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, sixpence. (8) For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua vita, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, one Shilling. (9) For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure, one Shilling and threepence. (10) For all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale, either by Retail or otherwise, to be paid by the Maker, for every Gallon, threepence.

Double Brandy imported per Gallon, iss Cyder, C retailed, is. 3d. per hog/head. Metheglin, &c.

particujarrates. Beer, Sec. above 6 s. per Band, 9d.

Beer and at Gs. or under per Barrel, 3d.

Vinegar fnglish per Barrel, X e.

6 d.

Vinegar made for p.ckles/or Sale to pay Duty per 8 Anna?, C

7. i 4.

Explained as to Vinegar measure by 10 & i r W. 3. C 21.

§, S

Vinegar Foreign per Barrel, 43.

Beer, Sec. imported per Barrel, 3 s.

Cyder, S: C imported per Tun, 4l.

Single Brandy, imported per Gallon, 6d.

3d.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fevers! Rates, Duties, and Impositions up M ar 1

on Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors aforesaid, be levied, collected, and paid unto their Majesties, ft0jj c0|kc

their Heirs, and Successors, during the said Space and Term of ninety and nine Years, in the same Man ted.

ner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are. mentioned in the Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act 12 Car. 2. C 24. for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and pejuires in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and also in and by another Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, A Grant of certain Impositions .12 Car. a. C 23.. upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life; and also in and by another Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled.

An optional Act, for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise, ami preventing the Abuses therein 5 45 Car. C 11.. or by any other Law in force relating to the said Revenue of Excise; and that the aforesaid Acts, and every Article, Rule, and Clause therein mentioned, as for and concerning only the Rates, Duties, and Impositions by this Act granted, shall be of full Force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, during the said Term of ninety and nine Years, in like manner as if the same were at large and particularly recited Commissioners and set down in the Body of this Act; and that the said Rates and Duties of Excise, by this Act granted, of Excise to re shall from Time to Time be within the Receipt and Government of the chief Commissioners and Gover ccive the Duties, nors of the Receipt of the Excise for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and Governors the Moneys to for Management and Receipt of the Excise, at the head Office in London for the Time being, shall separate kepf, il, t'. and keep apart all and every the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted, as the Jnfnto theex^ same shall from Time to Time arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise, by the Receivers or Collec chequer. 6*tors of the same, or by any other Person whatsoever. And the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise for the Time being are hereby required and strictly enjoined, from Time to Time to pay weekly (viz.)

On Wednesday in every Week, if it be not a Holiday, and if it be, then the next Day after that is not a.

Holiday, all and every the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted, into the.

Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, distinct and apart from the other Moneys which the said Commission — — and Governors of Excise shall receive for theufe of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors.

V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in their.book in the Majesties Exchequer (that is to fa') in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, one Book in which all Exchequer of the said weekly Moneys, which shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered apart and di the weekly Pay — ftindt from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties., their Heirs, and Successors, upon, any ac ments

count whatsoever,

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise, for the Time Penalty u^n being fnill refuse or neglect to pay into the Exchequer all or any the said weekly Sums appointed to be Commissioners paid as aforesaid, in such Manner as they are before by this Act required to do, or shall divert or misapply of Excise negiec any of the same, then they, for. any such Offence shall forfeit their Offices of Commissioners and Gover

Jiors Money,

502 C 3.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

These Duties to be a Fund.

Natives and Foreigners may contribute z, 000, 0001. before May.

Lives when to be named

nors for the Management and Receipt of the Excise, and be incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and shall be liable to pay the full Value of any Sum or Sums so diverted or misapplied, toanjf Person or Persons, who will sue for the same, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Paid Sums so as aforesaid appointed, to be paid weekly into the Receipt of the Exchequer, during the said Term of ninety and nine Years, shall be the yearly fund for the several and respective Pufposes herein after mentioned and expressed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons, Natives or Foreigners, to contribute towards the advancing of the said Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid, by paying into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, at any Time before the first Day of h>say one thousand six hundred ninety and three, such Sum or Sums of Money, and upon such Terms respectively, as herein after mentioned and expressed (that is to say) that out of the Moneys arising by virtue

ioo, ooool. to be of this at, the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds yearly, until the four and twentieth Day of June jearjydiftnbuted one thousand seven hundred, be separated and kept apart, as the yearly Fund to be divided amongst the till Ann. 1700 Persons contributing to the raising the said Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds; and that from and after and a iter wards the fajj four ancj twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred, out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this act, the Sum of seventy thousand Pounds be yearly separated and kept apart, as the yearly Fund, Contributor of to be divided as herein after is mentioned; that any Person who will become a Contributor, shall and may tool, to receive advance the Sum of one hundred Pounds at the least, for which Sum so advanced he is to name to the au a Shore during ditor of the Receipt, or the Clerk of the Pells in the Exchequer for the Time being, his own, or some the Life which other Life, during which he shall be intituled to receive a Share or Dividend of the said yearly Fund, as any person may hereafter is expressed; that every Contributor may advance as many Sums of one hundred Pounds as he contribute as y shall think fit, for which Sums so advanced he is to name to the Auditor of the Receipt, or the Clerk of many Hundreds the Pells for the Time being, one or more Life or Lives (so as no more Lives be named, than there are ashepleafes. distinct hundred Pounds advanced) during which Life or Lives he shall be intituled to receive so many Shares or Dividends of the said yearly Fund, as there are hundred Pounds by him advanced; that all the said Lives shall be named by the several Contributors, their Executors, or Administrators, or such as shall be employed by them to pay in the said Sums, within fourteen Days after the four and twentieth Day of Books to be kept June one thousand six hundred ninety and three: That in the said Office of Auditor of the Receipts,

of the Names of an(] so, the Office of the Clerk of the Pells severally, there be provided and kept one or more Book or and 'n which shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors, and of all Persons by and the Sums whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums, and also the several Suffis so paid, and contributed. the Time when the same are respectively paid, the said Entry to be made upon Payment of the said Sums;

'.and also in the said Books there shall be entered the several Nominees, for whose Lives respectively the several Dividends of the said yearly Fund shall be payable, at the Times when the same shall be nominated as aforesaid: which Books it shall be lawful for the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, from Time to Time, at' all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to inspect the same Contributor up without Fee or Reward t And as well the said several Contributors, as the said Nominees, shall be de on Payment of scribed in the said Books by their Christian and Surnames, Additions, Places of abode, and other descrip tiaveta'f' and" tonnes which shall belt ascertain the Persons; every Contributor, upon Payment of the Sum of one or Order solis rnore hundred Pounds as aforesaid, shall immediately have one or more Tally or Tallies levied, importing the Share. Receipt of the Consideration Money, for which the Contributor is to receive one or more Shares or Dividends

of the said yearly Fund, during the Life or Lives of the Nominee or Nominees, whether such Nominee be the Contributor himself, or herself, or any other Person, and an Order for Payment thereof ac order not made 'Cordingly, bearing the same Date with the Tally; which Orders shall be signed by the Commissioners of^orreroratl the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now being, or by the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any on of any offi three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and after the signing thereof, cer. the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning

Thu whole year thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Death or Removal of any com tfonabld, Pa" o"m*"lorlers or Commissioner the i reasury, or Lord High Treasurer, or treasurer.of the Exchequer, th"contributors or "by or upon the Determination of the Power or Office of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the jfthewhole Sum Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, or Treasurer of the Exchequer, nor shall any Commissioners of the be advanced. Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, or Treasurer of the Exchequer, now or for the Time being, have pow dpayable half er to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid, or any of them. And the yearly. said respective yearly Funds of one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy thousand Pounds (in case the whole Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds shall be advanced upon Credit of the said Funds) shall be equally divided amongfc the Contributors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, during the LI es of their respective Nominees, in proportion to the Sums by them advanced, yearly and every Year, by two equal half yearly 'Payments, that is to say, the four and twentieth Day of December, and the four and twentieth Day of June; the first Payment to be made the four and twentieth Day of December one thou survivors to sand ft hundred ninety and three; and upon the Death of every Nominee, the Share or Shares of the' of t^dea/h^f Funds, which was or were payable during his Life, shall be equally divided amongst the rest of the the Nominees Contributors, whose Nominees shall be living; and so from Time to Time upon the Death of every Norm only seven minee, whatsoever Share or Dividend was payable during the Life of such Nominee, shall be equally di be left, and then vitled amongst the rest of the Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Lives

of

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. C 3. 503

of their respective Nominees; so that from Time to Time the whole respective yearly Funds shall be di the kingtohave tided and paid amongst the Contributors, whose Nominees do survive, until such Time as there shall be the dead Man's lut seven Nominees living; after which Time there shall be no more Advantage of Survivorship; but up.share, in the Death of every of the said seven Nominees, a seventh Share of the said yearly Funds shall be answered1*" 'he whole 0 the Use of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors. And in case the whole Sum of ten hundred l)oufand Pounds shall not by the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety and three, be udvan bed and paid by such Contributors upon the T erms aforesaid, that then there shall be divided to and amongst paid such Part of "uch Contributors as shall, before the said first Day of May, have advanced and paid as aforesaid, towards the annual 'he same yearly and every Year, by two equal Payments as aforesaid, so much only of the said yearly fun.l, s isrr0* 'unds, as shall bear proportion to the said Sum so advanced after the Rates aforesaid, that is to say, Sothe mvance? much only of the said yearly Funds, as shall, during the first seven Years, to commence from the said four 1 uid twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety three, answer yearly the Sum of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds so advanced and paid; and from and after the Expiration of the said seven Years, luring the Lives of the said Nominees, and the Survivor of them, yearly and every Year, by two equal ftyments as aforesaid, the Sum of seven Pounds for every hundred Pounds so advanced and paid, to be di ided as aforesaid, with the like Benefit and Advantage of Survivorship, as is herein directed, in case the whole Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds shall be advanced and paid upon the Terms aforesaid; rom and after the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety, and three, no Contributors shall advance any further Sums upon the Terms and Advantages aforesaid,

IX. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay forthwith into the Receipt of Ten Pounds per lie Exchequer the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon the Terms aforesaid, it is enacted by the c"nt; allowed Authority aforesaid, That every such Contriburor shall receive out of the said yearly Funds, for all moneys y him so advanced and paid, from the respective Days of Payment, unto the said four and twentieth Dayment t; n tj, j

if June one thousand six hundred ninety three, Interest for the same, at the Rate of ten Pounds per cen th of June. um per Annum, which Interest shall be mentioned and expressed in the Order hereby appointed to be glen, upon Payment of any such Sums.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Contributor, his Executors, Ad^"tnri^ru "rvei*5r mini irators, or Assigns, at any Time during the Life of his or their respective Nominee, by any writinghjf^to, cft_'l inder Hand and Seal, or by his or their last Wijl in Writing, to assign or devise any one or more Share or

ihares of the said Fund', payable during the Life of any one or more Nominee or Nominees, to any person or Persons, and so tot in quoties; and no such Alignments to be revokable, so as an Entry or Memo £"7 the andum of such Assignment or Will be made in Books to be kept for that Purpose, in the said Office of^"fr'^'afi ida he Receipt, within the Space of two Months after such Assignment or Death of the Devisor; that ^t'of tl"e execu ipon the producing such Assignment, or Will, or Probat thereof, in the said Office of Receipt, to be cn tion, to be file dim red as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same shall bring therewith an Affidavit, taken before some the Receipt of brfon authorised to take Affidavits in Causes depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, of the duel xecution of the said Assignment or Will, which Affidavits shall be severally filed in the said Office; vliich said Entry or Memorandum the said Officers in the said Receipt of the Exchequer are hereby required

0 make accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits; and in default of such Assignment or Devise by Deed if no Affijn

ir Will, the Interest of such Contributor shall go to his Executors and Administrators for the Life of the merit, Interest Nominee, such Nominee being some other Person as aforesaid. goestoexeeu

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, having(°'r<jjabj.m he Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of Twelve Years, for the Use and Benefit of such advance Money Infant, to advance and pay for the Purpose aforesaid, the Sum of one hundred Pounds of the Moneys offor Infants un ueh Infant, and shall thereupon, within such Time as is herein before appointed for the naming of Lives, dlt twelve lame the said Infant to be a Nominee; and such Infant, upon the Payment of the Sum, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be intituled to have and receive, during his or her Life,

1 Share of the said Funds in such Manner and Proportion as any other Contributor; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the faiu Sum of one hundred Pounds so advanced, is hereby discharged.

XII. And to the Intent and Purpose that all Deceits in receiving any Share of the said yearly Fund maycontributorup be prevented, and that the full Advantage of Survivorship may be bad, Be it enacted by the Authority on demanding 1 aforesaid, That every Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, upon their demanding any Sharemuft bring hall yearly Payment of his or their respective Shares (unless the Nominee appear in Person at the said

Receipt) shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his or their respective Nominee, signed by theministerandfte, ndcivjrch. '.Churchwardens of, the Parish where such Nominee shall be then living, upon the Day when the said half warden of no yearly paym.nt shall become due (if such Nominee shall be then residing in the Kingdom of England, do mince Life, minion of Wain, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed) which Certificate the said Minister and Churchwardens are hereby required to make without Fee or Reward; and the said Certificates shall be filed in the said Office of Receipt of the Exchequer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Nominee shall, at the Time of such Demand, be If Nominee be resident in Scotland, or beyond the Seas, and any one o r more of the Barons of the Exchequer for the °^lhc l2nj» Time being shall certify, that upon Proof to him or them made (which Proof he and they is and arebefnmt&uanj hereby authorised and required to take in a summary Way) it doth seem probable to him or th?m, that the

laid Nominee is living (which Certificate is to be given, and Examination made, without any Fee or Charge) the said Certificate, being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for the Payment of the said half yearly Share to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

XIV

Sc

Contributor neglecting to demand, his half yearly Payment goes to the rest.

C 3.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

Account to be made within twenty Days of every Payment t>f the Deaths of Nominees.

Contributor receiving Share after Nominee's Death how pun if bed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person, who by the Intent of this Add, shall be in titled to receive any half yearly Payment of his Share of the said Funds, shall at any Time negl ct to demand the same in manner as aforesaid, until within twenty Days before the next half yearly Payment shall become due, he shall lose and forfeit such half yearly Payment so neglected to be demanded, and the same shall be divided amongst the Contributors, as if his respective Nominee had been dead, and so from Time to Time upon every Default. Provided nevertheless, That if such Contributor shall afterwards make a Demand in due Time in manner aforesaid, for any following half yearly Payment, such Contributor shall for the future have his Share of the said Funds, as if such Default had not been made.

XV. And to the Intent it may appear and be ascertained, upon every half yearly Payment, unto and amongst what Persons, and in what Proportions the said Funds are to be distributed, be it enacted, That in the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt, every half Year, within twen y Days before the respective Days of Payment, there shall be made up an Account of the several Nominees whose Deaths are come to Knowledge, and of the several Contributors who have made Default in making Demand as aforesaid, that so the rest of the Contributors may have the Advantage thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall receive any one or more half yearly Payments of the said Funds after the Death of any Nominee, for whose Life such Share was payable, it shall be lawful for any Contributor to require the same to be repaid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Benefit of the Contributors. And in case of Refusal or neglect to pay in the lame within one Month after such Demand, such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit treble the Sum so received, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of their Majesties Courts at Westminster, in the Name of such Contributor who shall make the Demand as aforesaid; which action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

officerofj^nding

XVII. And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Persons to advance the said Sum of ten houjfcm hundred thousand Pounds upon the Terms aforesaid, That all receipts and lltues, and all other Things dirccfed by this act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward for the lame. And in case any of the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or misapply any of the said weekly Sums, to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for making up the aforesaid I unas, or shall pay or issue out the same, otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books and Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other 1 hings which by this act they are required to perform, every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be for the future incapable of any Office or Place of Trull whatsoever, and shall answer and pay treble Damages, with Costs of suit, to every Contributor, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at ivejimlnsler, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have his full Costs, one third Part of which Sum so to be recovered shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Benefit of the said Contributors, and the other two third Parts shall be to the Use of the Prosecutor. And in case there shall be any Collusion, or faint Prosecution between the Plaintiff and Defendant in such action, it shall be lawful for any other Contributor to bring Officer not pu another action, wherein he shall recover as aforesaid, to the Uses aforesaid. Provided always, and be it niffiahte for pay enacted, That in case any Officer of the Exchequer shall make Payment of any Share or Shares of the said my Moneyjapon j'untjs? upon such Certificate as is before directed, such Officer shall not incur any Penalty, Forfeiture, or cate except privy Disability, or be liable to any action of the Contributors for doing thereof, although the said Certificate

to it. be forged or false, or the said Nominee be dead, unless the said Officer did know at the Time of such Payment

that the said Nominee was dead, or that the said Certificate was forged or false.

Contributor to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, certity Death of within one Month next after Notice of the Death of his or their respective Nominee, shall certify such and returttlfis ea; h to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, and shall also, within three Tally upon iol.months after such Notice, deliver, or cause to be delivered up to the said Auditor his or their Tally and Penalty. Order, by which he or they were or was intitled, during the Life of such Nominee, to receive any Share

of the said Fund, in case such Tally and Order be in his or their Hands or Power; and in default

thereof such Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered by action of Debt as aforesaid, and to be had and received to the Use of any Person who shall sue for the same.

achufeof

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the whole Sum of ten hundred thousand to the Sum of pounds be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this act, before the four and twentieth day of 1,000, 0001.

which, together with the whole Value or Amount of all the Sums of Money, which shall, before the said four and twentieth Day of June, be advanced and paid upon the Terms and Advantage of Survivorship as aforesaid, or upon the Terms hereafter in this act mentioned, shall not exceed the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds; which Sum or Sums, so taken up by way of Loan, shall and may be charged upon the Credit of their Majesties Exchequer in general, and Tallies of Loan and Orders of Repayment of the

same

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Guglielmi & Maria:. C 3. 505

same shall be levied accordingly; which Orders shall be assignable and transferable from one Person to another.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, notsevm i'ounrfs' exceeding as aforesaid, together with the Interest for the same, not exceeding the Rate of Even Sounds per?*rcm. alo- -- Annum, to be paid every three Months until Satisfaction of the Principal, or so much thereof, !, e as shall not be repaid out of such Moneys as shall be advanced upon the T erms hereafter in this Act Vm'ci 8j1

tioned, at or after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety three, and be r, d jr ltcir(.ljjc pj lore the twenty ninth day of September next following (all which said Moneys so to be advanced fromtramferred u and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, and before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, shall be applied and appropriated, and are appropriated for the discharging the several Loans made upon this at, !ljrj'fn; (, so far as the same will extend) shall be payable, and be paid or satisfied unto the respective Lender or ncl'rr^t.ne. Lenders of the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or aligns, put of any of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to their Majesties in Parliament, and shall be transferred and transferable thereunto, as soon as any such Aid or Supply shall be granted; and in case no such Aid or Supply shall be granted to their Majesties before the second Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety ihiree, then the said Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, or so much thereof as shall not be repaid out of the Moneys which shall be advanced before the said twenty-ninth Day of September as aforesaid, shall be payable and be paid and futlfied to the said Lender or Lenders, his or tlveir Executor s, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, by and out of any of their Majesties treasure, which from henceforth shall come into, be, or remain in the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, not being already.appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Time made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectual Supply of their Majesties pre if 5oo; ccol. sent Occasions, that if the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of ten hundred thou only advanced sand Pounds, be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, before the first Day of May onej^'^j^'^11' thousand six hundred ninety three, that then it shall and may he lawful for their Majesties to borrow, upon rx^oo^oooou" Interest as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, to be paid more, to be paid oat of such other Moneys as shall be advanced upon this Act between the first Day of May one thousand out of Money six hundred ninety three, and the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety "'j, ed b>'?h, s three, in case the Money so advanced shall be sufficient for the Payment thereof, or otherwise so much thereof as the same shall extend to pay; and the Residue of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, september"?nd so taken.up upon Loan, which shall remain unpaid out of the Moneys, advanced upon this Act as aforesaid, if that sail stort, shall be taken and reckoned as Part of the said Sum, before directed to be and made payable out of any ofnextaidcba>£e. the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to their.majesties in Parliament, or out of their Majesties treasureabie' as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the whole Sum of ten hun tfthe whole dred thousand Pounds shall not be advanced by the said Contributors, and paid into the Exchequer, beforesum be not the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety and three, upon the Terms and Advantage of" lfed befcre survivq^rship as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, natives^'^'ibl^[n°ns or Foreigners, after the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety three, and before the nineo, ))'), ^tj, C and twentieth Day of September then next following, to advance and' pay into their Majesties Exchequer, Advantage of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole (together with what shall have been before the; +- percent, said first Day of May advanced by the said Contributors as aforesaid) the said Suin of ten hundred thousandll: e Pounds, upon the Terms following, that is to say, That every such Person, out of the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties of Excise granted by this Act, shall have and receive, for every Sum of one hundred Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid, a yearly Annuity, Rent, or payment of fourteen Pounds of lawful English Money (and proportionably for a greater Sum) and for and during the Life of such Person so advancing or paying the same, or during any other Life to be nominated by the Person advancing or paying any uch Sum as aforesaid, the same to be nominated within six Days after Payment of the said Sum; which yearly Annuities, Rents, or Payments, shall commence from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninetyrthree, and shall be paid and payable at' the four most ifuaj Feasts In the Year'; that is to say, at the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord christ, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary., the Nativity of St. John Baptist, and the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions; and every Person, on Payment of any such Sum or Sums as aforesaid, shall immediately have one or more Tally or Tallies importing the Receipt of the Consideration Money, and Orders for Payment of the said Annuities, bearing the lame date with the Tally, the said Orders to be signed in the same Manner as in this Act before mentioned, touching Orders to be given to the before mentioned Contributors, and not to be determinable, revokable, or countermandable, as touching the before mentioned Orders is enacted; said Orders shall be afligtiable and transferrable in such and the same Manner as is before mentioned touching the said Orders given to the Contributors as aforesaid, up

n the Terms and Advantages in this Act first mentioned; and all the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties hereby granted (over and besides so much as shall bear Proportion, after the Rates aforesaid, to the whole sum which shall be advanced by the Contributors before the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety and three) are and shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated, to and for the Payment of the said Annuities or yearly Rents or Sums, after the Rate of fourteen Pounds per Annum for every hundred Pounds advanced as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall not be divertible or diverted to any other Use, Intent, or purpose whatsoever, under the Vou III 3t like

506 C 3. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692

Penalties upon like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities in respect to all and every the Offices abovementioned, as ar officers, as be. before appointed and enacted, in case of diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which ought ti lure' be paid to the Contributors, who are to have the Advantage of Survivorship as aforesaid; the Fuel Of

ficers respectively are hereby required to keep Books and Registers, and make Entries of the Names of al Persons who hall advance any Money after the said first Day of Assay as aforesaid, and of the several Sum so advanced, and the Times of paying in the same respectively, and the Names of fuuh Persons for whof Lives the several Annuities and yearly Payments are to be payable, without Fee or Reward as aforesaid (h which Books all Persons concerned shall have access as aforesaidj all which the said Officers are to do am Interest after the perform unc|er the like Penalties and Forfeitures and Disabilities as aforesaid; every Person, who flial Cent °aiio° eder ac^vance and pay any such Sum as aforesaid, after the said first Day of May, shall receive out of the Monc till September, granted by this Act, for all Moneys by him so advanced and paid, from the relpediive Days of Payment unt< the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety three, Interest for the same at the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum. bcrfn"s c°nf

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Contributor, who, on or before the said first Da V i vn r fh m ay^shall have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money, in respect whereof such Contributor shall be in change it into thetitled to have a proportionable Share of the said yearly Funds, with the Benefits of Survivorship as afore Advantage of said, shall at any Time after the said first Day of Atay, and before the said nine and twentieth Day of Sep 14 percent, fortember, be minded or desirous (in lieu and Satisfaction of such proportionable Share of the said Funds with such Benefits of Survivorship) to have an yearly Annuity, Rent, or Payment of fourteen Pounds lawful Englifo Money for every or any Sum of one hundred Pounds by such Contributor so advanced, t be paid during the Life of his, her, or their Nominee before mentioned, and shall signify such Desire to th said Auditor of the Receipt, or the Clerk of t ie Pells, for the Time being, that then the said Auditor the Receipt, or Clerk of the Pells, shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in a Book Books, for this Purpose to be kept in the said Receipt; and the said Entry or Memorial being signed b the said Contributor, such Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Lifec the said Nominee (whether such Nominee shall be the Contributor, or any other Person) shall have an receive for every Sum of one hundred Pounds, which shall have been so advanced, a yearly Annuity Rent, or Payment of fourteen Pounds as aforesaid, at the four Feasts aforesaid, by equal Portions, i such manner, and with such and the same Advantages, as if such Contributor had originally paid in th Moneys by him advanced, after the said first: Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety three.

XXIV. Provided always, That after such Entry or Memorial shall be made in the said Book or Book; and signed by the Contributors as aforesaid, all further Payments, which should grow due to such Cor tributor for his proportionable Part of the said yearly Funds, shall cease and determine for their Majestit Benefit, anything contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Monif arising by the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, at the End of any Year, during the said Term < ninety-nine Years, after all the said several Proportions of the said yearly Funds, and all and every the Ar

arc or me nuities, Rents, and yearly Payments, and all Interest payable by this Act, shall be fully satisfied, pait Aggregate Fund. and discharged, such Surplus or Remainder shall be to theufeof their Majesties, their Heirs, and Su

1 Geo. 1. C iz.cessors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Moneys lent by, or payable to, any Person or Person upon or by virtue of this Act, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Rates, Duties, or Impositioi whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid

uru cs °tl'dr lat Grants or Dispositions of any of the Moneys arising, or which shall be collected, by the Authr

- cs, voi. rjty Of tj, is hereafter to be made by their Majesties, their Heirs or successors, to any other Person( (

or in any other Manner, or for any longer Term or Interest than by this Act is appointed, fhr, be and are hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V arther Provisiom

<nteeming Exdje, 5 IF At. C 20. 7 IF. 3. C 30* 3 IV 3. C 19, 10 IV 3. C 21# ia W. 3. C 11 12. 1 Ann. St. 2. C 3. 4 Ann. C 6.

6 Geo. if C 21. jj Geo. J. f. 30, 32 Geo. j, f, 2s. 3 Geo. 2. f, 16. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 3a 0

K; ng after Change hall have his Advantage of Survivor.

The annual Surplus of the Duties given to the King. Part of the

Moneys lent to be tax free.

Grants of the

10 Ann. C 19. 33 Get, z. 9.

14 Ann. St. z. end I Cm. 3.

C 9. r. 7.

C A

I

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

C 4. 507

CAP. IV.

An Act for Caking Special Bails in the Connery upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Westminster.

FOR the greater eap and Benefit of all Persons whatsoever, in taking the Recognizances of special Bails upon all aaions and Suits depending, or to be depending, in any of the Courts of King's Bruch,

Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Westminster; Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent ma jesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the chief Justice and other the Ju cinef juikcc, Itices of the Court of King's Bench for the Time being, or any two of them, whereof the chief Justice for( pc/ron'^ Eire Time being to be one for the said Court of King's Bench, and the chief Justice of the Court of Com e!a'ept atm nies men Picas and other the Justices there for the Time being, or any two of them, whereof the chief Justice and Solicitors, of the same Court to be one for the said Court of Common Picas, and also the chief Baron and b.trons ofcommiitiam rs the Quoif of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any two of them whereof the chief Baron V Bj|1 m for the Time being to be one for the said Court of Exchequer, shall or may, by one or more Commission ountry' or Commissions under the several Seals of the said respective Courts, from Time to Time, as need shall require, empower such and so many Persons, other than common Attorneys and Solicitors, as they shall think fit and necessary, in all and every the several Shires and Counties within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to take and receive all and every such Recognisance Justice, m or Recognizances of Bail or Bails, as any Person or ^ersons shall be willing or desirous to acknowledge orrcccltu tile Rllt* make before any of the Persons so empowered, in any Action or Suit depending or hereafter to be depending^jj^, 1" in the said respective Courts, or any of them, in such Manner and Form, and by such Recognisance or Execution. sail piece, as the Justices and Barons of the said respective Courts have used to take the same; which said Recognisance or Recognizances or Bail, or bail piece, so taken as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to some ar one of the Justices or Barons of the said respective Courts where such aaion or Suit shall be depending, who, upon Affidavit made of the due taking of the Recognisance of such Bail or bail piece by some cre ible Person present at the taking thereof, such Justice or Baron shall receive the same, upon Payment of uch Fees as have been usually received for the taking of special Bails by the Justices and Barons Clerks, tnd other the Officers of the said respective Courts; which Recognisance of Bail or bail piece, so taken baii taken band t.ansmitted, shall be of the like eflea as if the same were taken de bene ejje before any of the said jj^j^Justices and Barons; for the taking of every which Recognisance or Recognizances of Bail or bail piece, commisfiimers the Person or Persons so empowered shall receive only the Sum or See of two Shillings, and no more. See.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Barons respectively in Power given the several Courts shall make such Rules and Orders for the justifying of such Bails, and making of thef1^'^'^1' ame absolute, as to them shall seem meet, so as the Cognizor or Cognizors of such Bail or Bails be oot; '; n "ieshu£r compelled to appear in Person in any of the said Courts, to justify him or themselves, but the same mayn0t to order the and is hereby direacd to be determined by Affidavit or Affidavits duly taken before the said Commissioners, Person's ap who are hereby empowered and required to take, the same, and also to examine the Sureties upon Oath, p=a>'a'« ouching the Value of their respective Estates, unless the Cognizor or Cognizors of such Bail do live C

within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within ten Miles thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Judge of Assize in his Circuit shall tu(hoes ind may take and receive all and every such Recognisance and Recognizances of Bail or Bails as any per gz°1may on shall be willing and desirous to make and acknowledge before him, which being transmitted in like nanner as aforesaid, shall (without Oath) be received in manner as aforesaid, upon Payment of the usual Sees.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall before Felony fa y iny Person or Persons empowered by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid, to take Bail or Baiis, represent or p r!dns 10'>erfnnate any other Person or Persons, whereby the Person or Persons so represented and personated may je liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for Debt or Damages to be recovered in the famevjy, juit or aaion, wherein such Person or Persons are represented and personated, as if they had really ac J cnowledged and entered into the same, being lawfully conviaed thereof, shall be adjudged, esteemed, and aken to be Felons, and suffer the Pains of Death, and incur such Forfeitures and Penalties as Felons in ither Cases conviaed or attainted do by the Law of England lose and forfeit.

3t3

5qs G. 5,

Anno quarto Guglielmi & Marias. A.D. 1692.

CAP. V.

An act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandise fqr the prosecuting the present, War against Fnzw, ?..*.

WE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, for further Supply of your Majesties extraordinary Occasions' '

II

and the effectual Prosecution of the w ai against France, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do hereby give and grant untc your Majesties the additional and other Rates, Impositions, Duties, and Charges upon the several Softs ot Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ifales, or Town of. Berwick upon Tivced, or from thence exported; as herein after exprest'ed, during such Time, and in sich Manner and form.as herein after followeth; and do humbly pray your Majesties that it may be enacted: This Act made H. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice anc (tlnn^c 11 Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and 1. hut repeal by the Authority of the same, That there Hull be answered and paid to their Majesties and their Successors, d in Part as to for the several Goods and Merchandizes hereafter mentioned, overand above all Impositions, Duties, and nmng Gocds Charges already imposed and payable upon and for the same in the Book of Rates of Merchandise by Act Jlf Q'by or Parliament established, and the Direction therein contained or otherv.'ife, the further Rates and Duties i Qo. 1. C 7' following' (that is to fiiy)

vtmbrr beajs, ' G) For every hundred Pounds value of Amber Beads imported after the first Day of March one thousanc 201. per tool', six hundred ninety-two, and before the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six, twenty Pounds more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and so proportionally for a greater Amher rough, or iefler Quantity: (2) For Amber rough, imported within the Time aforesaid, ten Pounds for every

10l. per rco!» hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion Amber oil, iol. for. any greater or lesser Quantity. (3) For Amber Oil, or Oil of Amber, imported within the Time per iool. aforesaid, ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book Anchovies, 5]. 6f Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or leifer Quantity. (4) For Anchovies, the little Barrel,

per I col. tint rvoppriino flvtppn Pi,; i rid Q rtf imnnrtprl vajithin t vir foetid

not exceeding sixteen Pounds of Fish, imported within the said Time for every hundred Pounds Value, ft, e Pounds more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (5) For Allies called Wood, Weed, or Soap Ashes, imported within the said Lime, six Shillings the Last, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (6) For Barbers Aprons and Cheques, imported within the said Time, eight Pence the Piece each, more than the same ate charged with in the said Book of Rates.' (7) For every hundred Weight of Battery, Baftrones, or Kettles (containing one hundred and twelve Pounds) imported within the said Time, five Shilling: more than the lame are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater 01 lesser Quantity. (8) For every, hundred Weight (containing one hundred and twelve Pounds) of Meta] 5. per, tcolb. prepared for Battery, imported within the said Time, five shillings more than is now paid for the same by

7?nnvc a s, pgr* - C A T 1. _ C T, 1 1 /*_ M £ / _^UI _ C o__l__

per

aoies, 6 s. per Last.

Berbers Aprons, S d per Piece; Battery, 5 s. per 1OQ lb.

b&ttery' matat,

Books, S. ipolb.

Lamp Black,

2.01.. per 100 lb.

Boultel Reins, 30 1. per 100 1.

Bracelets,

2 s. 6 d. per

Gross.

E'vafs, 5l. per icol.

the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (9) For every hundred Weigiit of Books unbound (containing one hundred, and twelve Pounds) imported within the said Time, four Shillings more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (10) For Black called. Lamp Black, imported within the said Time, twenty Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or leilei Quantity. (11). For Boultel Reins imported within the said Time, ten Pounds for every hundred Pound: Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and so in.proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (12) For every Gross of Bracelets, or Necklaces of Glass imported within the faic Time, two Shillings and sixpence, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, or by any other Statute' now in Fbrce. (13) For Brass wrought imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred.pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said. Book of Rates, and soir Buckrams, 51.. proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (14) For Buckrams imported within the fhid' Time, five ret 1001. Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, Hair Buttons, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (15) For Buttons of Hair imported within the faic imi per i00 p Time, ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book hafr°buuol? ^ates3 anc f in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (16) For Brifties dressed and undreft, prohibited by imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same arc

4 & s W. & M. charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (17) f01

every Pound of Bacon imported within the said Time, fourpence. [To be paid from the first Day ol

ioo i=3' 5'per next Session, 5 & 6 W. Si M. cap. 2. fedt. 4.] (18) For Calves Skins imported within the said Time.

Bacon, 4d. per five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book ot )b.'Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (19) For Carpets of ail Sorts importec.

Calves Skins, within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with cmpets m.d. Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or idler Quantity. (20) For every Grofr

100l.

Catlings, id. per Gross.

S. otch Coals,

5 1. per roof Canes, 11. 5 s. per i, to.

perof Catlings and Lutestrings imported within the said' Time, eighteen Pence the Gross, more than the saint are charged with in the' said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (21). For Coals Scotch imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more tliar the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (22) For every thousand of Canes, called Walking Canes, imported within the said Time, five anc

twenti

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielm 1 & Marine. G. 5. 509

twenty Shillings, more than is now paid for the same, and foin proportion as aforesaid.

(23 For Canes called Rattans imported within the Laid Time, five Shillings the thousand Rattans, ja. per i.cco. more than is now paid for the same, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (24) For every Copper, 7 s. 6d. per rcoib. hundred Weight of Copper, called Rose Brick, Copper C'oyn, and all cast Copper (containing one hundred and twelve Pounds) imported within the said Time, seven Shillings and sixpence more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (25) For every hundred Weight of Copper, Copperplates, 12s. d. par Part wrought, as Plates, Bars, Rods, or raised (containing one hundred and twelve Pounds) ioclb imported within the said Time, twelve Shillings and sixpence more than is now paid for the same, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (26) For every hundred Copper wtought, 17s. fid. per

Weight of Copper fully wrought (containing one hundred and twelve Pounds) imported 100 ll>'

within the said Time, seventeen Shillings and sixpence more than is now paid for the same, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (27) P'or Coral Beads, and all polished Coral Coral, .201. per 1001.

imported within the said Time, twenty Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than

the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity. (28) For all Manufactures of Cotton only (except Dimity) not brought Cottcn Mmufidtures, 51. per

from East India or China, imported within the said Time, "five Pounds for every hundred i0°1-

Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin

proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (29) For every hundred Pounds Value of Couries, iol. periooi.

Couries imported within the said Time, ten Pounds more than is now paid for the same,

and foin proportion as aforesaid. (30) For Elephants Teeth imported within the said Elephants Teeth, iol. period. Time, ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (31)

For Flax rough imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Flax rough, $1. per tool.

Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (32) For Flax dressed or wrought, imported within the Flax wrought, 151. per tool, said Time, fifteen Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, moreyhan the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

(33) For every hundred Pounds Value of Tow imported within the said Time, five Pounds Tow, 51, per 1001, more than the same is charged with as aforesaid, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (34)

for every Yard of Flannel imported wi.hin the said Time, twopence more than the same Flannel, 2d. per yard.

is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (35) For every Yard of Frize imported within fr'2c> 3d halfpenny per. Yard.

the said Time, threepence halfpenny more than the same is charged with in the said Book

of Rates. (36) For every hundred Pounds Value of Furs of all Sorts imported within Furs 5l. periooi.

the said Time, five Pounds more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates,

and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (37) For Gold and Silver Thread, Gold Thread, C 51. per tool, and Wire Counterfeit, imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin

proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (38) For every Pound of Goats Hair, called Goats Hair, cai menia, 4d. per Jb, Canricnia Wool, imported within the said Time, fourpence more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (39) For every Pound of Goats Hair of any other Sort, Goats Hair, common, 2d. per lb,

imported within the said Time, twopence more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (40) For Hides of all Sorts dressed and undreli ed (except buif and Losh) Hides, 51, per icol.

imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than

the fame is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity. (41) For every buif Hide imported within the said Time, two Shillings Buff, '2 s.per Piece.

more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (42) For every Losh Hide Losh Hides, 1 s. per Piece.

imported within the said 1 irnc, one Shilling more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (43) For Hemp rough imported within the said Time, five Pounds for Hemp, 5l. periooi.

every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates,

and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (44) For Diamonds, Pearls, Diamonds, il. per iooi. Free, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels and precious Stones imported within the said Time, d Geo 2- C 7 twenty Shillings for every hundred Pounds Value, to be affirmed by the Oath of the Importer, in lieu of ail Impositions and Duties now payable for the same, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (45) For every Pound of Indico of foreign pjanta -- ir.dico, 4d. per lb.

tion, not being of the Growth of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of England, imported within the said Time, fourpence more than the same is

charged with in the said Book of Rates. (46) For every Pound of Indico of the Growth Plantation Indico, 2d. per lb.

of the Dominions cr Plantations belonging to the Crown of England, imported within the said Time, two Renee more than the lame is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (47)

For all Iron, Iron Pots, Kettles, Backs for Chimneys, Iron slit or hammered into Rods, iron Pots, C from Ireland, by 7 frying pans, Anvils wrought Angle, white and black Plates, double white and black*8 w 3- C i0 § >7 plates, and all other Iron Wares imported from Ireland within the said Time, the same "nwr0 "b1jt»* maser.

spective Duties as are laid on Iron and Iron Wares imported from any foreign Part, by dw' dr m.°lf. itca^et' one Act made in the second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions icpon all east-india Goods and Manufactures, and upon all Wrought Silks, and several other Gooch and Merchandizes, to be imported after the five and'

twentieth

IO C 5*

Lattin, 10l. per ico 1.

Leather, 3], period.

Lime Juice, 20 1. per tool. Litmus, 51. per ioo 1.

Lapis c.ihminaris, r 1. per Tonne. By 7 & 8 W. 3. C 10. §-13. 2 s. only shall be paid for every Tonne of i.apis Crlaminaris exported. Madder, 5 1. per 100 1.

Orchil, 5 1. per 1001.

3 Geo. I. C 15, (j. 10.

Pintadocs, 5l. per 1001.

Pitch, half more than usual Rate. Silver Plate, 5 1. per lool.

Rice, s 1. per 100 1.

Rozin, 101. per 1001.

Salt, 5 s. per Weigh. For the Manner in which it is to be paid, see 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. §. 17.

Thrown Silk, 5l. per lool.

Wrought Silk, 2 s. pet lb.

2 W. & M. IT. 2. C 4,

Silk Ferret, half more than usual Rate.

Skins, 5s. period.

Tarr, half more than usual Rate.

Ticks, 3). per 100 1.

Thread Outnel, 4s. per Doaen lb. Tapistry, C 101. per 1001.

Inkle wrought.

Pantiles, 8 s. per Thousand.

Dying Wood, 5l. period. S Geo. 1. c. 15. §. 10.

Anno quarto Guglielmi 5c Marie. A.D. 1692.

twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety. (48) For Lattin (haven, black Latthi, and rund Bottoms, imported within the said time, ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or leficr Quantity. (49) For Leather of all Sorts imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and so irt proportion for any greaier or Idler Quantity. (50) For all Lime and Lemon Juice imported within the said Time, twenty Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (51) For Litmus imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (52) F or all Lapis Calaminaris exported within the said Time, twenty Shillings for every Tonne, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, and foin proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity. (53) For Madder of all Sorts imported within the said Time, hve Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lefl er Quantity. (54) For Orchal imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundrea Pounds Value thereof, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and.so in proportion as aforesaid. (55) For Pintadoes or Calico Cupboard Clothes, imported within the said Time, and not brought from East India or China, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (56) For Pitch imported within the said tir.e, not being of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of England or Scotland, one Moiety more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (57) For all Sorts of Plate of Silver, gilt or ungilt, imported within the same Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin 1 roportion for any greater or leifer Quantity. (58) For Rice imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (59) For Rozin of all Sorts imported within the said Time (except French Rozin) not being of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of England or Scotland, ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (60) For every Weigh of Salt imported within the said Time (except such Salt as shall be used in curing of Fish) five Shillings more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (61) For Silk thrown of all Sorts, into the Gum, imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (62) For every Pound of Silk wrought, other than Alamodes and Lustrings, imported within the said Time, two Shillings more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, or by an Act of this present Parliament made in the second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures, and upon all wrought Sills, and fever a I other Goods and Merchandise, to be imported after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety. (63) For Silk Ferret or Floret, imported within the said Time, one Moietyjnore than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates. (64) For Skins of all Sorts imported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (65) For all Tarr imported within the said Time, not being of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of England or Scotland, one Moiety more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rales. (66) For Ticks and Tickings (except Scotish Ticks and Ticking) imported within the same Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with n the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (67) For every dozen Pounds of Thread Outnel imported within the said Time, four Shillings more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or leifer Quantity, (68) For all Tapistry and Dornix imported within the said Time (except such as are manufactured in, or brought from, any Part of the French King's Dominions) ten Pounds for, every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (69) For all wrought Incle imported within the said Time, one Moiety more th n what is now paid for the same. (70) For all Pantiles imported within the said Time, eight Shillings the thousand more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion as aforesaid. (71) For all Sorts of dying Wood imported within the said Time (except Red Wood from Guiney, Drugs and Logwood) five Pounds for every hundred rounds Value, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or leifer Quantity. (72) For all Wax called Beet Wax, imported

sviy, 5l. per ioob

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. C 5. 511

ported within the said Time, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than the same is charged wi; h in the said Book, of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. (73) For every French Win,

Tun of French Wine imported within the said Time, eight Pounds above all Duties already charged Pr 1, n

in the Fid Book of Rates, or by any other Law, and foin proportion for any greater or lciferco iin'u'm^ Quantity. (74) Upon all French (foods and Merchandise (except Wine, Brandy, Salt, and vinegar)0t il.c Ouin < n which shall be imported within the f.iid Time, five and twenty Pounds for every hunjred Pounds Value Frundi Wim. thereof, more than the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates, and foin proportion for anylcc 7 & s f V greater or lesser Quantity, (75) For all Silks called Alamodes and Lujlrings, imported within the Lid cnz.°'21 d ime, from any Ports or Places whatsoever, fifteen Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, more than 2' C is paid for the same by any Law now in force. (76) For all Lattin, Brass, or Copper Wire, imported French within the said Time, six Shillings the hundredweight (containing one hundred and twelve Pounds)5> Fcr jog

above all other Duties payable for the same. (77) Upon all Goods and Merchandizes not particularly

rated in the said Book of Rates, paying Duty at Value, impo ted within the said Time, five. ounds fori '1, 2j VI t nch every hundred Pounds Value thereof, to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Importer, according to the Di winaees ft.11 rection of the said Book of Rates; except Mum, and such Goods and Merchandizes as are particularlypayas wnc. charged by this Add, or an Add of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their maje/liessllk'51 Pr certain impositions upon all east-india Gooes ard Munufadlures, and upon all for ought Si I s, and fiveral other [f in Good's and Merchandizes, to be imported after the five and twentieth Day of December, am thousand six hundred faof and ninety. (78) For every Gallon of strong Water, Aqua Vitas, or Brandy, commonly called Single Goods not in Brands, or strong Waters, imported within the said Time, to be paid by the In porter before landing, h naok ot two Shillings over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs at any time before the second Year of their f L

Majesties Reign payable for the same. [Intended of Duties payable by Statute in Force. 5 W. Si M. j C f cap. 2.] (79) For every Gallon of strong Waters, Spirits, or Brandy above Proof, called Double Brandy, Brandy sin lc,

imported within the said Time, to be paid by the Importer before Landing, four Shillings over and above per Gallon, the Duties of Excise and Customs at any Time before the second Year of their Majesties Reign payable Bra, y for the same. [Intended of Duties payable by Statute in Force. Ibid.] 4S' per d'on'

III. And wherear by one Act made in the second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled An adifortzx upon 'granting to their Majesties fiveral additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ate, and otb*r Liquors, for four ^'inp '2 vr^' Years, from the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the j'fio*

Space of one Year, doth expire, it is amongst other Things enacted, That for every Gallon of single n

Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua pita, imported from beyond the Seas, Should be paid by the Importer before Landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, four Shillings; and for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitas, abo.e Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, Should be paid by the Importers before Landing, over and above the Duties payable for the 1 same, eight Shillings Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said two Clauses last recited in the said Act mentioned, concerning single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, and Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, called Double Brandy, are and shall be, from the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-two, repealed; anything in the said last mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Rates and Impositions, hereby imposed upon Rates afore the respective Goods and Merchandizes aforesaid, shall be collected and paid according to the respective mentioned how Rates and Proportions herein expressed, and be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto their Majestiesto b; cole lei' during the Time before mentioned, except where it is otherwise hereby directed, in the same Manner and

Form, and by such Rules, Means, and Ways, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are memioned and expressed in one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, 1* Car. 2. C 4, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported, and the Rules, Directions, and Orders thereunto annexed, or any other Law now in Force, relating to the Collection of their Majesties Customs; said Act and Acts, and every Article, Rule, and Clause therein contained, shall ftund and be in Force for the Purposes aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties upon strong Water, Aqua Vita, orates upon Brandy, commonly called Single Brandy, or strong Water, and upon strong Water, Spirits, or Brandy Buniyrlhow above Proof, called Double Brandy, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto their Majesties, their co e £ '

Heirs and Successors, during the Time before mentioned, in the same Manner and Form, and by such

Rules, Means, and Ways, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, expressed, and directed in one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the 12 Car. 2. C 24. Second, intituled, An Act for taking azvay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his majesty in lieu thereof; and also in another Act of Parliament made In the fifteenth Year of his Reign, intituled An additional Act for the better s^qm. 2. C u ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise, and preventing the Abuses therein, or in either of them, or in any other Law now in Force relating to the Revenue of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for all additional Duties hereby imposed upon the aforementioned Merchant to Goods and Merchandizes to be imported as aforesaid, the Importer, giving Security at the Customhouse, sive Security shall have Time, not exceeding twelve Months, for the Payment of the same from the Importation, to be ycarvti'n.e paid by four equal and quarterly Payments; or in case such Importer shall pay ready Money, he shall or iol. percent, have after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum of the said Duty for a Year abated to him; and if the Goods rebared for and Merchandizes aforementioned, imported as aforesaid, for which the Duties hereby granted, paid 0rpre(i: ntp omen" secured at the Importation thereof, be again exported by any Merchant English, within twelve Months, Theft twelve or by Strangers within nine Months after the Importation, then the aforesaid Duty shall be whollym'c^l

1 repaid, en arge cot rce

r.1.2

r

Yeats, by 7 Geo. 3. ft.it. 1. C 21. §. 10,

Rebate to Exporter of Amber Reads, C

Brandy imported in Vessels not 60 Gallons, forfeited.

e.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

lf>utieo to be paid into the Exchequer weekly.

2 W. 6c M, ft. 2. C 4.

The Sum of 5 1, per r 00 1. upon Raisins, and 2 I. jos. upon cur jans only.

New Duties laid by S Annas, C 7.

The Length and Breadth of Calico settled.

Measure of East Country Linen settled.

1 w, & m, a;

z. C 6.

Coffee reduced to 2 I. 16 s. per 100 lb. Coconuts to 6 d. per lb. Tea to 1 s. per lb. apd chc colate, is. per'lb. See the Note on 1 W. MT. C 6. 10 Geo. 1. c. 10. 38 Geo. 2. c. 26.

repaid, or the Security vacated, as to what shall be io exported, except all Brandy, for which the aforesaid Duty shall not be repaid.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That the several Duties charged by this Act upon all Amber Beads, Amber rough, Coral Beads, and polished Coral, and all Cowries, shall he repaid to the Merchant exporting the same within three Years after the Importation thereof; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And for preventing the Frauds frequently used in importing of strong Water, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Brandy, in small Quantities, whereby the same is more easily conveyed away without Payment of the Duties thereof; Be it enacted, that from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety three, no Brandy, iingle or double, shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas, in any Vessel or Caflc which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the I east; upon Pain of forfeiting the said Brandy, or the Value thereof, so to be imported as aforesaid, whereof one half shall be to their Majesties, and the other half to such Persons as shall inform or sue for the same; to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Officer and Officers, who shall be concerned in levying the Duties arising by this Act, do keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay the same in Specie into their Majesties Exchequer weekly; and upon Neglect and Refusal of the same, cveiy Officer offending shall be forejudged from, and shall forfeit his Place or Office.

X. And whereas by the said Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impoftims on ' all east-india Goods and Merchandise, and upon all wrought Silks, and upcm several aether Goods, and Mer ' ckandi ze, to be imported after the [five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, 1 the Sum of ten Pounds is imposed oil every hundred Pounds Value of.grocery. Ware and Drugs, ' wherein the several Sorts of Raisins, mentioned in the said Book of Rates, are included, and Likewise the Sum of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value of Currans, which is found by Experience to lessen the Importation thereofwherefore for Remedy thereof, and the Encouragement of Merchants to import the said Goods, Be it enacted, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and three, and thenceforth, during the Continuance of the said Act, the Sum of five Pounds only shall be paid for every hundred Pounds Value of Raisins of any sort..to be imported after the said Time, over and above the Rates thereon charged in the said Book of Rates: And fifty Shillings, and no more, for every hundred Pounds Value of Currans imported after the said Time, and thenceforth during the Continuance of the last mentioned Act, over and above the Rates charged thereon in the said Book of Rates (the said Act, or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding) the same to be collected as in and by the said Act is directed and appointed.

e XI. And whereas by the said Book of Rates a Value is imposed bn every Piece of Calico, without Mention of the Length whereof such Piece should consisty Be it further enacted, That no Piece of Calico imported from and after the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-two, during the conti. nuance of the said last recited Act, of the Breadth of one Yard and a Quarter, or under, shall exceed in Length ten Yards; and no Piece of Calico imported after the said Time, during the Continuance of the said Act, above that Breadth, shall exceed six Yards.; and if any Piece of Calico shall exceed those Lengths, the same shall be rated according to the respective Length of ten Yards, and six Yards, for each Piece, ^and pay for the same in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, according to the Sum rated upon each Piece of Calico in the said Book of Rates; and that the Suifidy, as well as the additional Duties upon Calicoes by the said last recited Act appointed, shall be collected and paid according to 'that admeasurement of each Piece of Calico so imported from and after the said Time, and not otherwise; anything in the said book of Rates orin the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding' '

And for the better ascertaining, explaining, and settling the Measures of East Country Linen, Be it enacted, That all linen of Prussia, Polonia, or any part of the East Country .(except Rvffta) above the breadth of three Quarters and half Quarter of a Yard, shall pay as broad Germany Linen, during the Continuance of the said last recited Act; and all whited Hinderlands from the same Countries, under that Breadth, shall pay during the said Time, as narrow East Country Linen.'

XIII. And whereas by one Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the charging and colic fling the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Ctiftom House, it is enacted, That from .5 and after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred eighty nine, five Pounds and twelve Shillings shall be paid for every hundred Weight of Coffee imported into any Parts within this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, accounting one hundred and twelve Pounds to the hundredweight, over and besides what was then paid or payable for the same, at the Customhouse.; and for every hundred Weight of Coconuts imported, and containing as aforesaid, C eight Pounds and eight Shillings, over and besides what was then paid for the same, at the Customhouse; C ' and for every Pound Weight of Tea imported five Shillings; and for every Pound Weight of Chocolate ready made five Shillings, over and besides what was then charged on Tea or Chocolate respectively, at the Customhouse; which Duties are so excessive, that few of the said Goods or Merchandizes have been entered at the Customhouse since the making of the said Act, or any Duty answered to their Majesties for the same Wherefore for reducing the said Duties to a more reasonable Rate and Imposition, for the Encouragement and Advancement of Trade, and the greater Importation of the said respective Goods and Merchandizes, Be it enacted, That. from and after the said five and and twentieth Day of March one thousand

A.D. 16.92'. Anno qnafto Guglielmi & Maria G. 51 3

thousand six hundred ninety and three, there shall he answered and paid unto their Majesties' for every hun, Weight of Coffee imported, containing as aforesaid, during the Continuance of the said Gaol mentioned Act, the bum of six and fifty Shillings, and no more: And for every Sound of Coconuts imported from any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of England, after the said Time, during the continuance of the said at, the Sum of sixpence, and no more; and from any other coiiit tries or Places after the said Time, during the Continuance of the said Act, eight Pence: And for every

Pound of Tea iihported after the said Time, from any Place from which it may be by Law imported; one Shilling, and no more: And for every Pound Weight of Chocolate ready made, imported after the

Time aforesaid, during the Continuance of the said Act, one Shilling and no more; anything in the said hit recited Act, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always, That the Rates and Duties hereby appointed to be paid as aforesaid, for the said respective Merchandizes of Coffee, Coconuts, Tea; 'and Chocolate, shall be paid and answered to their Majesties, during the Continuance of the said Act, over and above the respective Duties charged or chargeable upon every of them in the said Look of Rates before the making of the said Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, for the better Encouragement of aumojcs the Manufacture of plain Silks, called Alamodes and Lufirings, in this Kingdom none of the said foreignt0 b,; llr'p, r L Silks shall be imported into this Kingdom after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety three, but upon Notice first given to the Commissioners or Farmers of their Majesties Customs for the Time being, of the Quality and Quantity, with Marks, Numbers, and Package, of such Silks fa intended to be imported, with the Name of the Ship and Master or Commander; on which they are to be laden, and the Place into which they intend to import the same, and taking a Licence under the' Hands of the Commissioners or Farmers for the Time being, or any three of them, for the lading and importing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby authorised and required to grant without any See of Reward, or any aether Charge, to the Persons demanding the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: in case any of the said Goods shall be imported without such Notice being

first giyen, and Licence taken out, as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to the Use of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall seize or sue fer the same in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at tveflminjhr, wherein no Essoin, Privilege;

Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of the Customs shall not take or receive from the Merchant exporting any of the Commodities chargeable by this or any other Act with any additional Duties, above what is chargeable by the Lock of Rates, any Fee or Reward for passing any Debenture for Repayment of the Duties to be paid back oil Exportation, according to the said Acts, but shall only.receive such Fees as were payable for Debentures for the Repayment of the half Subsidy, according to the Book of Rates, and no more: Nor shall any Fee or Reward be taken for any Oath to be administred at any Customhouse upon this Act.

XVI. And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for _; w.&m. c. r. ' granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and 'other Liquors, for one Year, it is enacted, J ' That no Collector, Supervisor, Gauger, or other Officer, concerned in the charging, collecting, or m'a 1 naging the Duty of Excise, shall either by Letter, Message, or Word of Mouth, endeavour to psrfwade tjn'f ann any Fleftor to give, or dill wade any Elector from giving, his Vote for any Person or Persons that shall give Note of be in Nomination to btl elected a Member, or Members of Parliament! And whereas by the said Act it is their Gangs?,

' further declared and enacted, That true Notes in Writing of the last Guages, made or taken by the said contii; uea

Gaugers, shall be left by them with all Brewers, Makers, or Retailers of Beer, Ale, or other excise able Liquors respectively, or some of their Servants, at the Time of their taking the said Gauges, con / taming the Quantity and Qualities the Liquors so gauged, under the several Penalties in the said Act mentioned; 'it declared and enacted, That the said Act, so far as relates to Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and leaving true Notes in writing of the last Gauges made or taken by the said Gaugers, with the several Penalties respectively relating thereunto, be, from and after the first Day of March next, hereby revived, and shall continue and be in force during the Continuance of this Act, ani from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to 'and ci.wfe.of cre for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick cr Corporate; to fldvar.ee and lend' to dit ibr.jio, o.eol, their Majesties into the Receipt of their Exchequer, upon the credit of this Act, any Sum or Siims of

Money not exceeding the Sum of five hundred and ten thousand Pounds in the whole; 'and to have and receive, for the Forbearance of all such Moneys as shall be lent, Interest not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds fer Centura per Annum. '

XVIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Of Morey to be ficer and Officers, who shall he concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the Duties arising by p2, d.irl.'<'the this Act, do keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay the same in Specie into the Receipt of

their Majesties Exchequer Weekly on Wednesday in every Week, unlet's it be an Holiday; a'nd then the next 'L Day after which shall not be an Holiday; and upon Neglect or Refusal of the same shall incur the Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and co fts, as other the Officers of the 'exchequh'y\icti\n after mentioned shall be liable to; which Moneys so paid in; shall be applied to the Uses hereafter mentioned in this Act, anil ao otherwise.: i, \ t >.

Vet. III

3 U '

XIX.

r

A pivticuhr i>ok to be kept, tylli s how to bi g.vrn, rc gifkr: o hi in Caurr> without

i\eftrrc»)ctf*

What Hull not he an undue Preference.

Money in the Exchequer how aligned over.

1, 226, 516l.

10s, appropriate! oat of this year's Tax to the Navy.

Ante, C X

C 5. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of tyre Receipts, one Book, in which all Moneys, that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act, hall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties upon any Account whatsoever; and that all and every Perlori and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall lend any Money to their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan (truck for the lame, and an Order for his or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with the Talley; in which Order fhaihbe ailo contained a Warrant sot Payment of Interest for Forbearance, not exceeding the Rates Aforesaid, for his or their Consideration, to be paid every three Months, until Repayment of his or their Principal; and that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be registered in Course, according to the Date of the Talley respectively, without Preference of one before another; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, ac < ordinr; as their Orders shall land registered in the said Book, so as that the Person, Native or Foreigner, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders firffc entered in the said Book, shall be taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Act; and he or they, who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered, hall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, successively, without Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and not to be divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatso cverj and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any of their Majesties' Subjects for providing or making any such Books, Registers, Entries, View, or Search as aforesaid, or in or for the Payment of Money lent, or the Interest as aforesaid, by any of their Majesties Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also. And if any undue Preference, of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case to pay the Value of the Debt, Damages, and Costs, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office. And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed, then he or they shall be judged to forfeit, and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid. All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at jfcstminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those he enters first, folie enters them all the same Day.

XXI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Teller do pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Order, before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money, and bring their Order in their Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kepi for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, to whom any Moneys shall be due by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register aforesaid foi Payment thereof, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns by Endorsement of his Order, may assign and transfer his Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such ffder, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns tc the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon: And such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and fc

totus quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who have or hath made such Assignments, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, 01 any Part thereof.

XXIII. (And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that out of the Money which shall be levied anc paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as welt upon Loan as otherwise, by virtue of this Act, or an) other Act of this Session of Parliament for granting Aids or Supplies to their Majesties (other than an aftj intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Tear, for carry lingon a vigorous War agairfi France) the Sum of twelve hundred twenty six thousand five hundred am

sixtee]

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. C 6, 7. 515

fifteen Pounds ten Shillings, shall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated to and for the

Payment of Officers and Seamen that have served, and shall serve in their Majesties Navy Royal, and for the paying for Stores, Provisions, and Victuals, supplied and to be supplied for the said Navy, and to and for the Expenses of their Majesties Office of Ordnance in respect to naval Affairs, and for other necessary

Uses and Services performed and to be performed in and for the said Navy, and not otherwise. And jfpuni/ewnt

any Officer any way belonging to their Majesties Revenue, or to the Exchequer, Navy, or Ordnance re

speetively, shall wittingly and wilfully divert or misapply any Part of the Money herein appropriated, to y V

any other Purpose, than to the Uses hereby directed, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, such Officer and Officers lb offending shall forfeit his and their Office and Place, and is and are hereby disabled and

made incapable to hold or execute the said Office, or any other Office whatsoever.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the new or additional Foreifn s: or; Duties imposed by this Act, hall not extend to aftedft such foreign Stores as have been sold to the Use offoi<110, h: their Majesties Navy, by Contract with the Navy, Board, before the first: Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-two, so as a Certificate be given from the Commissioners of the Navy, that such foreign thbaa/ Stores have been so contradfed for by them for their Majesties Service as aforesaid, and so as the Importer

of the same do make Oath before the Commissioners appointed to manage the Customs (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) of the Truth of the said Contract, and that he will deliver the llnid Goods into their Majesties stores, pursuant to the Contract so certified by the Commissioners of the Navy.'.

XXV. And as well that the Revenue of the.customs may be more duly and regularly answered, as to An Oarh to be render the several Imports, granted by this present Acta more effectual Supply to their Majesties; itl "ken further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the Commissioners as the Patent Officers, and of°thcustoms, any of their Deputies, Clerks, or Servants, who have or shall have any Employment in or about their Majesties Customs, shall before the nineteenth Day of April next, 'or at their respective Admissions hereafter to such Employment, take their corporal Oaths for the true and faithful Execution, to the best of

their Knowledge and Power, of their several Trusts and Employments committed to their Charge and in spedlion, and that they will not take or receive any Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, other than their respective Salaries, and what is or shall be allowed them' from1 the crown, or the regular Fees established by Law, for any Service done or to be done in the Execution of their employment in the Customs upon any Account whatsoever.

CAP. VI.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety, and three, EXP, i although the month's lpay formerly advanced be not repaid,

CAP. VII.

An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese

as diverse Countries of this Kingdomeonfift chiefly of Dairy Farms, and are III

X great Measure supported by the Sale of Butter and Cheese, the Growth and Product of the same;

and by an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles 13a.-14Car.t1,

' the Second, intituled, An Act for reforming Abuses in the Weighing and false packing of Butter, the weightc 'thereof is ascertained, and the (loodness of the Butter is fecuicd, under the Pains and Penalties therein

mentioned: And whereas the Cheesemongers of London, their Factors or Agents (without any Authority)

' tiave appointed in all or most of the seaport Towns in the said Counties a certain Officer, called a ' Weigher, who oftentimes, several Weeks after the Cheese and Butter hath been bought and approved by the Factors and Agents of the said Cheesemongers at the seller's House, have taken upon them (without any Authority) to weigh and feareh the said Butter when the same comes to the Sea Ports to be shipped,

' and there pretend that the same, is faulty, and set Rates of Deduction thereupon,: and give Notes thereof to the Factors who bought such Butter and when the Factor comes to pay the Seller for the same, they demand an Abatement accordingly, which if the Seller refuseth to allow, there are frequent Indictments or Informations exhibited against the Sellers, upon the said Act of the fourteenth of the said late King,

and great Oppressions have been and are daily committed, to the great lot's and Damage of diverse Land 1 Owners and Farmers in the said Counties, contrary to the true intent and Meaning of the said Act a$ed, <. For Prevention whereof, r. 21.

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and cller of B'J Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Confintotis, in this present Parliament assembled, by the Authority of the same, That after the Factor or buyer hath bought and contracted for the said & Commodity, and approved the same at the seller's House, or the Place where he exposes the same, to Sale, '-., C 26. af cr by searching and weighing the same (if he think fit) the Seller shall not after be charged or char^ehbie with, Vie Buyer liaii>. or liable to any of the Penalties in the said recited Act of the fourteenth Year of the said late King Charles^ the Second, mentioned or inflicted, upon any Pretence of Want of Weight, false Packing, or mou 1 dv but com r. II y.'" ter, r the Tare or Weight not being set upon the Calk, or otherwise; from thenceforth shall be ami

3u*is

516 C 7*

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

Penalty upon teller changing, ftc. the coni modipy after iold.*'r

The Weighers of Batter and Cheese shall ftiip off all that bel6rrg*s to the 1 Londoij

Chflcfemongers,

CV

See to the W eigher.

Penalty upon Weighers offending.

Weigher, fcc, ilaajj keep'a* Book of the receiving and hipping the Butter, See,

penabv upon Conviiftion before a Futtice.

s'

Penalty upon Matter of Ship refusing to take in Butter, C

Penalties divided betwixt Informer and Pa or.

is hereby discharged of and from the said Act; any other Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And for the preventing any Fraud in the Seller, after the Factor or Buyer hath bought and contracted for the said Butter, and approved of the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Factor or Buyer shall iet his Seal or Mark upon the said Butter, or the Calk in which it is, or his 'Name at, length; and in case the same shall afterwards be exchanged or be opened, and the Calk wherein 'the same is put up changed, or any bad and decayed Butter shall be mixed and packed up with sound and good Butter, qr any other Fraud be committed by the Seller, and the Offender be thereof convicted upon Oath made of the said Offence before one or more of their Majesties Justice or Justices of the Peace by One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered and re; nuired; ta: administer) or upon Cpnfeliion of the offender or Offenders before such Justice or Justices, the said.party o, r Parties shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Firkin and Offence, to be levied by distr^fs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, the Overplus to be restored after all Charges of the said Distrepy defrayed: anj every, Constable of the Parish, or chief Constable of the Hundred, where

fuel) Offence shall! be committed, are hereby authorised and required to levy the same accordingly by Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of the said Justice or Justices so to do.

IV. And to the End the Trade for Butter and Cheese may not be ingrossed by particular Persons, but nmy be freehand open to all Persons. especially to alf the Cheesemongers who are free of the City of 'London; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That alland every warehouse keeper, Weigher, Searcher; Shipper of Butter and Cheese, at any Port or Place in this Kingdom shall receive into Bis or their Posselsipn or Warehouse, all Butter and Cheese that shall be brought to him or them for any of the Lheefemongers free of the City of London, or other Person making the said Commodities, and shall take du&care thereof until the same shall be shipped, and shall ftiip the said Butter and Cheese successively, as it shall come, to his or their Hands respectively( ( undue preferring one man's Goods before another's) on the next Ship, or Hoy, or Vessel, that shall, come., to such. Port or Place to lade Butter or Cheese for London (except the Owners of the said goods shall give Orders to the contrary) and shall receive so.rhis^nd, their respective Care and; paips therejn7, of the Owners of the said Goods, the Sum of two Shindigs and sixpence for every Load,; and no mof?, an$l so proportionably: And if any such Person or Persons, or his or their Servant ox Servants, shall, refuse or neglect to receive such Goods, or to take due Care thereof, or shall not ship the said Goods as they come to his or their Hands successively as aforesaid, that every such Offender and Offenders, being thereof convict in Manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Firkin of Butter ten Shillings, and for every Weigh of Cheese five Shillings, to be levied in Manner as aforesaid. '

V. And for the Prevention of Frauds and undue Practises herein, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every warehouse keeper, Weigher, Searcher, or Shipper of Butter and Cheese, in any such Port or Place, " shall from and after the first Day of 'April one thousand six hundred ninety and three, keep a Book, wherein he and they shall duly and fairly enter all Butter and Cheese that shall be brought to him or them, as the same comes to his or their respective Hands; in which Entry shall be inserted the Time when such Goods were received; and the Quantity of such Goods, and the Name of the Owner of the same; and shall make the like Entries when the said Goods are Slipped or put on board, of the Time when the same were shipped on board, and the master's Name, and the Vessels Name in which the same are shipped or put on board, and to whom the same are consigned; which Book so kept shall be free and open for all Persons to see and search at all Times, without paying anything, for such Search; and if such warehouse keeper, Weigher, Searcher, or, Shipper of Butter and Cheese, shall not keep such Book as. aforesaid, or shall refuse, neglect, or omit to make such Entries, therein as aforesaid, or shall make any undue Entries therein (by undue preferring one mail's Goods before another) or shall refuse in the daytime to produce such Book to, be searched as aforesaid that every, such Offender and Offenders, being thereof convict in Manner as aforesaid forfeit for every Firkin of Butter two Shillings and sixpence, and for every Weigh of Cheese two Shillings and sixpence, and for every aether the aforesaid Offence the sum of two Shillings and sixpence, to be levied in Marnier as aforesaid: in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods and Chattells sufficient for the levying; the said Penalty, that then it shall and may, be lawful for the Justice or Justices, i before whom such Conviction, shall be made, to commit such Offender and Offenders to the Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, there to remain until such Penalties shall be paid and satisfied. j -: - i,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Master of any ship, Hoy,

or Vessel coming to such Port or Place to lade Butter and Cheese, or his or their Servant or Servants, shall refuse to take and receive on board his and their respective Vessels any such Butter and Cheese as shall be lendred to be shipped by such warehouse keeper, Weigher, Searcher, of Shipper of Butter and Cheese, before the same be sufficiently laden, that then every such Offender and Offenders, being thereof convict in.manner aforesaid, shall forfeit; for every firkin of Butter so refused five, Shillings, and for everyaveigh j of Cheese so refused two Shillings and sixpence, hto be levied in Manner as, aforesaid. I - < i.

VII. Provided, That one Half of all Penalties and forfeitures within this Act shall beto the Use of the 1

Poor inhabiting within the Parish where such Offence shall be from Time to Time committed, to be paid i to the Chui chvyardens and Overseers of the Poor of and in such Parish, and the other Half to the Informer, to be distr)bvued by the said Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or, Pffenders shall be convicted. '

'...: 1. virt;

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae

C 8.

5/7

VIII. Provided always, That this Act', nor anything therein contained, hall extend to exclude anychccfcmengers, Cheesemonger or Checfcmongers, free of the City of London, from sending his and their own proper vef c fels for his and their own proper and respective Goods; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons to send his and their own proper Vessels, or fuel) other vessels as he or they flaall hire and send from London to freight by charter party for his and their own respective proper Goods., and to and for the warehouse keeper at such Ports where such Vessels shall be lent, to ship the aforesaid Goods onboard, and to and for such Mailers of such Vessels, and their Servants, to receive the same, as lie, they, or any of them, could or might have done before the making of this Act.

IX. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained hall extend or be construed to extend to any Ware Warehouse*,

house which now is, or hereafter shall be, within the Counties of Ckcjfcr or Lancaster, or within the Coun j" ('hjjcr

ty'of the City of Chester, nor to any Vessel or Boat at any Time belonging to, or that shall come into, j"vc(1'nc'ster' any of the Ports or Havens of any of the said Counties.

X Provided always, That if any Person or Persons hall think him or themselves aggrieved by the De Appeal lies fn, ^tprmination of any Justice of the peace, who hall at any Time aft in pursuance of the Powers to hint given julliccscf ijff this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, City, or town corporate, where thecosss. '^f.tid Offence shall be committed, the Determination of which Justices shall be final and conclusive to all

'Parties; 'the Person so appealing first giving to the Party accused a Bond of the Penalty of twenty Pounds,

with one or more sufficient Sureties to the Liking of the said Justice of Peace from whom the said Appeal

hall be so made, to pay such Costs to the said Party accused, as the said Court of Quarter sessions shall

allow, in case the Appellant be not relieved upon his said Appeal, the said Costs to be so paid within oriels CI <.

Month after the hearing and determining the said Appeal. z7

CAP. VIII.

An Act for encouraging the apprehending of Highwaymen.

WHEREAS the Highways and Roads within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of jfahs,

*' W'have been of late Time more infefted with Thieves and Robbers than formerly, for want of due and sufficient Encouragement given, and Means used for the Discovery and Apprehension of such or t fenders, whereby so many Murders and Robberies have been committed, that it is become dangerous in many Parts of the Nation for Travellers to pass on their lawful Occasions, to the great Dishonour of the Laws of this Realm, and the Government thereof for remedy whereof,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Con r.rwilrd: n sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the th LV 7

Authority of the same, That from and after the five.and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred Ivaj man. 'ninety and three, all and every Person and Persons, who shall apprehend and take one or more such Thieves or Robbers, and prosecutehim or them so apprehended and taken, until he or they be convicted of extmj.m to any Robbery committed in or upon any Highway, Passage, Field, or open Place, shall have and receive Rol, b'; e!: from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Robbery and Conviction shall be made and done,

without paying any Fee for the same, for every such Offender so convicted the Sum of forty Pounds, with §. s. in one Month after such Conviction and Demand thereof made, by tendring a Certificate to the said Sheriff Of Sheriffs under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Justices before whom such Felon or Felons shall be convicted, certifying the Conviction of such Felon or Felons for a Robbery done within the Co iffy of the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, and also that such Felon or Felons was or were taken by the Person or Persons claiming the said Reward; and in case any Dispute shall happen to arise between the Persons so apprehending any of the said Thieves and Robbers touching their Right and Title to the said Reward, that then the said Judge or' Justices, so respectively certifying, as aforesaid, shall in and by their said Certificate direct appoint the said Reward to be paid unto and amongst the Parties claiming the same, in such Share and Proportions as to the said Judge or Justices shall feern just and reasonable. And be it hall happen any such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall die, or be removed before the Expiration of one Month after such Conviction and.

Demand made of the said Reward (not being paid as aforesaid) that then the next succeeding Sheriff or Sheriffs of the said County shall pay the same within one Month after Demand and Certificate brought as aforesaid: if Default of Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money hall happen to be made by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, such sheriff 'or Sheriffs so making Default hall forfeit to the Person or Persons, to whom such Money is due as aforesaid, double the Sum or Sums of Money he ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their Executors or Administrators, in any of their Majesties Courts oflfcw to br rec.' Record at ifejlmhijhr, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein but orle Imparlance, ce eiej. and no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, with treble Costs of Suit by him or them expended in the Recovery of the lame.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any person.or Persons hall happen to be killed by any such jobber or Robbers, endeavouring to apprehend or in making Pursuit after him or them, that then the Executors or Administrators, or such Person or Persons to whom the Right of advnir.istration of the

personal Estate of each Person so killed shall belong (upon Certificate delivered under the Hands and seals alil*'h°vc tv d of the judge or Justices of Assize for the County where the Fast was done, or the two next Justices of Revved.

' the

i C g.

Sheriffs shall he allowed it in their Accounts.

Sheriff not having sufficient, to be re'

Anno quarto Guglielmi Sc Mahim. A.D. 1692.

the Peace, of such Person or Persons being so killed, which Certificate the said Judge or Justices, upon sufficient Proof before them made, are immediately required to give without Fee or Reward) hall receive the Sum of forty Pounds from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where the said Fast was done and committed, and upon Failure of Payment thereof by the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, double the said Sum of forty Pounds to be recovered against him or them with treble Tofts of Suit, in Manner and Form as aforesaid.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Sheriffs Their Executors or Administrators, upon producing such respective Certificates, and the Receipts for the Money by them paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be allowed, and are hereby empowered to deduct, upon their accounting with their Majestier, their Heirs, and Successors* all Moneys Jother than the double Sum and Sums of Money and Costs ot Suit) which they shall disburse as aforesaid, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever.

V. Provided always, That if, upon the Account of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, there shall not be Moneys sufficient in the Hands of such Sheriff or Sheriffs to reimburse him or them such Moneys paid by him or

paid bythetrea them by virtue of this Act, that then the Sheriff or Sheriffs, hiving so paid the said Moneys, shall have &ry. See also the same repaid by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury for the Time being,

3 Geo. i., C 15. out of the Revenue of the Crown, upon Certificate from the Clerk of the Pipe to that Effect.

highwayman's

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, that all and every Person or Persons who shall so take, apprehend, Horse, C given prosecute, or cortvift such Robber or Robbers as aforesaid, as a further Reward, shall have and enjoy to ro ihe Apnrc his and their proper Use and Behoof the Plorfe* Furniture, and Arms, Money, or other Goods of the hmder. said Robber or Robbers that shall be taken with him or them; any their Majesties Right or Tide, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or the Right or Title thereunto of the Lord of any Manor, Liberty, or Franchise, or of him or them lending or letting the same to hire tb any such Robber or Robbers, in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always, That this Clause, or anything therein contained, shall not be construed to extend ro take away the right of any Person or Persons to such Horses, Furniture and Arms, Money, or other Goods, from whom the same were befofe feloniously taken.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being out of Prison shall, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, commit any Robbery, and afterwards discover two or more Person or Persons, who already hath or hereafter shall commit any Robbery, so as two or more of the Person or Persons discovered shall be convicted of such Robbery, any such Discoverer shall himself have, and 'is hereby intituled tq, the gracious Pardon of their Majesties, their Pleirs and successors, for all Robberies which he or they shall have committed at any Time or Times before such Discovery made; which Pardon shall be likewise a good.barto any Appeal 'brought for any such Robbery.

Person Concerned discovering two others pardoned,

CAP. IX.

s

An Act For reviving.two former Acts of Parliament, for the repairing the Highways in the

county of Hertford.

i; fc: ri, C r.

WHEREAS there was an Act of Parliament rr.ade in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our late ' \ V Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways within the

' Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, and Pluntingdon, to be in Force for the space of eleven Years from

tbs Commencement thereof: And whereas there was afterwards oneother aiftof Parliament made II

16 & 17 Car, 2. ' the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, At C 10.. j?or Continuance of a former Ail, for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford, both which said acts are foiiie Yeats pa ft expired and the Highways within the said County of Hertford, intended by the said Acts tote repaired are fmee (by great Burdens and Carriages used to pass through the same)

Further conti become dangerous and impassibleft IT the End therefore that the said Highways within the County of tiuedby 6 Geo. Hertford (being the great Roads to the North Parts of this Kingdom) may be fuffidently repaired and "t. c.io. amended by the Provisions mentioned in the said Acts, the same being not to be done by the ordinary Course of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, may it please your Majesties that it tnay be enacted:

at Wadrs

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Mdi rewed for; Consent of thfe Lords spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, i; ^cars. Toil mentioned ki the said Acts to be taken at Wades Mill for the County of Hertford be revived,

Letup, and taken again, in the manner by the said Acts mentioned, to continue for the Space of fifteen Years from the passing of this Act, and that the Moneys thereby arising be employed for the Repair of the Laid Highways within the Paid County of Hertford according to the Tenor of the said Acts.

Tpll wheats

III. Provided always, That if the Paid Highways before the Expiration of the said Term of fifteen

c'dsfe. Vears be in good and sufficient Repair, and an Adjudication thereof be made at the affir.e or General Quarter sessions to be held for the said County (as is provided by the said Statutes of the sixteenth and fevtn i

16 & 17car. 2.vteenth Years of King Charles the s scond) the Toll foal! from thenceforth cease and determine, as in the 1 co. said Act is directed and appointed.

txtierrs ars

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid that the several Officers and n qoiicstine, ain Persons empowered in and by the said Acts to the Purposes therein mentioned, so far as may any ways con

srr.icr At 3. cern or rcjate to the County of Hertford, shall from henceforth have the like Powers and Authorities

by virtue of this present Act, as they and every of them had by virtue of the said former Acts; and that

pll Clatifes, Provisions Penalties, forfeitures, and Exceptions whatsoever therein mentioned concerning

the

D. 1692. Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. C ro — 12: 519

he collectings paying, engaging, or accounting for the said Tell at Wades Mill, be from henceforth by irtue of this Act renewed and put in Execution again, during the Continuance of this present Act, as if hey were herein particularly expressed and repeated. [Repealed as to the County of Hertford, 6 Geo. 2.

' 2+

CAP. X

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Hair Buttons.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles rj fc 14 Car. 2;

the Second, intituled, An Act prohibiting the Importation of Foreign bone lace, cut work, imbroi C n. dety, Fringe, band firings, Buttons, and needlework, amongst other Things in the said Act mentioned,°AV^ 3'c'2, all Foreign Buttons made of Thread or Silk are prohibited to be imported and sold in the Kingdom of^g' England, or Dominion of Wales; And whereas since the making of the said Act, Hair Buttons are } cco. 1. C 12. chiefly used and worn, and the button makers of England do make better Hair Buttons than any are imported from Foreign Parts, and are able to supply this Kingdom with greater Quantities of them than they can make use of; yet because Buttons made of Hair are not expressly mentioned in the said Act [although they were thereby intended to be prohibited) many Persons who are Enemies to the Manufactures of this Kingdom, taking Advantage of the said Omission, do daily import such great Quantities of'

Hair Buttons, that the Button Trade of England is very much decayed, and many Thousands of poor People, that were formerly kept at work in the said Trade, are like to perish for want of Employment, and all the other Mischiefs mentioned in the said Act, which relate to the Button Trade, and were thereby intended to be remedied, are become as great as they were at the Time of the making of the said Act For Redress whereof, and the more effectual Prevention of the like Mischiefs for the future;

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's mo ft Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice Foreign Hair inj Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affcm "!tonnes iled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March in: hc Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and three, no Foreign Buttons made or to be made t)f Hair, nor any other Foreign Buttons whatsoever, shall be imported, brought in, sent, or conveyed into he kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or bartered, old, exchanged, or offered to be bartered, sold, or exchanged, upon pain of forfeiting all the said But penalty, ons so imported, brought in, bartered, sold, or exchanged, or offered to be bartered, sold, or exchanged, uid upon such further and other Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, contained, and ex ireffed in the said recited Act; one Moiety of all which Forfeitures to be to the Use of our Sovereign Lord ind Lady the King and Queen, their Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the person r Persons that shall sue for the same in any of their Majesties Courts of record, by Bill, Plaint, Action of Debt, Information, or otherwise, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the preventing the importing, bar judices of itering, selling, vending, or exponng to sale any Foreign Buttons whatsoever, the Justices of the Peace Peace hav; within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within porto lore, their several and respective Counties, Cities, and Towns Corporate, have the same Authority and Power, Farth" and the same Authority and Power is hereby given unto the said Justices, to issue forth their Warrants, slzml ioff'. to seize, or cause to be seized, all Foreign Buttons whatsoever, as by the said Act is given unto them for 3. 2.' 8 Amte

tie seizing of.'foreign Buttons made of Thread or Silk, and other the Manufactures in the said Act men 6. 4 Ge j) honed.

I, £. 12.

CAP. XI.

an act for examining, taking, and stating the public Accounts of this Kingdom. Exp. [Revived by.

gi16w.il M. Cap. 23. till April 1695.]

CAP. XII.

An Act to make Parishioners of the Church United Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of the reign of Kingiy Oar. 2. c. 30'W Charles the Second of blessed Memory, Provision was made for the Uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate: And forasmuch as it is highly reasonable that Parishioners of Parishes whose

Churches are demolished, and either before or afterwards united to other Churches, should be Contribu

tors towards the Repairs and other Parochial Charges of such other Church, to which by. Virtue of the said Act they are united 37 H, 8.

C 21.

5-20 C 13 — 15.) Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692

If' two II Therefore. be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with th

united ovd* Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliamen oneofehem assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Churches heretofore have. b: en, o down, the hereafter Avail be, united by virtue of the said Act, and one of the said Churches so united was, at th Puriihioners of Time of such Union, or Aval] afterwards be demolished, that in all. such Cases, as often as the Churcl that Church which was or Avail be made the Church Presentftive, and to which the Union was or Avail be made, shall ward ue Re out ^epa ri or there Aiall be need of decent Ornaments for the Performance of Divine Service there pairs, cof in, that the pariavioners of the Parish, whose Church Avail then be down or demoliavt, Avail bear and pay the o'thrr. towards the Charges of such Repairs and decent Ornaments, such Share and Proportion as the Archbishoj Sin. V 31. 594. or biavop that Avail make such Union Aiall by the same Union direct and appoint; and for want of fuel Direction and Appointment, then one third Part of such Charges of the Repairs and decent Ornaments which Avail be made or provided; and the same Avail be rated, taxed, and levied, and in Default thereo. such Process and Proceedings Avail be had and made against him or them, as if it were for the Reparatior and finding decent Ornaments for their own Parish Church, if no such Union had been made; any Law cuaom, u'sage, or Opinion, to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and foi

punishing False Mullers, and for the Payment of Quarters. [Continued by 5 & 6 W. 5c M, Cap. 15 till 1 alsrcb 1693. J 5

t

CAP. XIV.

X X p. An Act for Review of the Quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the List Session of this present'

CAP. XV.

An Act for continuing certain acts therein mentioned, and for charging several Joint

Stocks.

Aloft Gracious Sovereigns

WE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, for afurthei Supply to your Majesties for the more effectual prosecuting the present War against France, have caiecrfully and uh anfmously given and granted unto your Majesties the Impositions and Duties hereaftei mentioned, for and during the respective Terms hereafter expressed; do beseech your Majesties to accent thereof, rand that it hvay be enacted: '

upon

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice Wim and and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the several Impositions and Duties upon Wines and: Vinegar, granted by an Act made in the arftyear of the late King James, intituled, An Act for granting his maje j}y an Imbofition upon all wines and Vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one tlm find six hundred 'eighty-five, and the four 'and twentieth Day' of June one thousand six hundred 'ninety and three; which said Act, by an Act of this present Parliament, made in the second Year of their Majesties Reign, was continued from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety three, until the four and twentieth Day of June one th oufandtix hundred ninety six, Avail be continued from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety six, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer: And that the said first mentioned Act, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained. Avail continue and be of full Force and Effect, until the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, and Avail be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully to all intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the Lid Act contained, had been agaih repeated in this Act, and particularly enacted. pivic. upon

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and - Duties and Impositions sjblcc° anli for Sorts of Tobacco granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James,

iniciv.' C Entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Impcjitien upon all Tobacco and Sugar, imported between thefeud

and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the four and twentieth Day o/\june one thou' 1, fund six hundred ninety three, which said Act (as for and concerning the said Duties and Impositions upoif. Tobacco only)'by an Act of this present Parliament, made in the second Year of their Majesties Reign, 'was continued from the said three and.twentieth Day of June in the said Year one thousand six hundred' ninety three, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety fixx Avail be continued from the said three and twentieth Day of June one thousand Axe hundred and ninety axe, until the

A.D. 1692. Anno quaito Gulielmi & Mariae. 0.15. 521

four and twentieth diy of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer; and that the Oil Act made in the first Year of the late King James, for granting the said Impositions upon Tobacco and Sugar, as for and concerning Tobacco only, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles and Claufr; there in contained, concerning the said Rates and Duties upon all Sorts of Tobacco, shall continue and be of lull Force and Eifetl, until the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight j and fin ll be applied, praddifed, and executed for the raising, levying, executing, answering, and: paying the said Duties upon Tobacco hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this pro font Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Jinngs therein particularly contained, had been again repeated in this Add, and particularly enacted for this I urpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional and other Rates, nt«Impo Lions, Duties, and Charges, upoi the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandize granted by ail Add eati intj

of this cl cm Parliament made in the second Year of th ir Majesties Reign, intituled, dli AG for grant ?y!*2,

lug to their Af je/lies certain Impositions upon all Eald india Goods and Mitnufuihtres, and upon all ivrotiht Sih': s, " continued and J vcrat other Goods and Merchandise, to be hnporud after the five and twntieth Day of December one thou t.li 1697. pvd Jin hu, dred and minty; and which were thereby to have Continuance until the tenth Day of Novmlcr > Re. - C 3 one ttioufand six hun Irct ninety five, hall be continued from the ninth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety five, a. d shall be ruif d, levied, colledded, answered, and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Succcfl ors, until the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety seven'; and that the hid Act, intituled An Lit for granting to their Makefiles certain Impositions upon all East-india Goods and 'Manufactures, add upon all wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandise, to be imported aft the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and 11 Powers, Provisions, Penalties, arti.ics, 'and Clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of full For e and i.ffedd, until the said tenth \nx f of November one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and shall be applied, praedifed, and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, 'answering, and paying the said Duties hereby mfinued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present at, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said laid mentioned Add, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, had heen again repeated in this Add, and enacted particularly; except only as to such Part or the said Impositions, touching which other Provisions or Alterations are or shall be made by any other, Add of this prefen Session of Parliament, which other Provisions or Alterations are to be observed, and to continue during the Continuance of this present Add.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and clause of Credit Persons to advance and lend unto their Majesties, as well upon the Security of this Add, as of the several fcr 500, 0001.at herein before mentioned Adds, from and after the several and respective Sums thereupon respectively charged s

shall be fully satisfied and paid, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of five fififl. 7-'hundred thousand Pounds, and to have and receive for the Forbearance thereof any Sum not exceeding eight The following Pounds by the hundred for one whole Year and no more, diredhly or indirectly. s Sessionsare

expired

Recife." to be kept in the Exchequer; Ta'lies and Payment of the Money in Course. Five Pounds percent, upon East-india Stocks, Twenty Shillings upon African Suari's. pi ve Pounds upon Hudloh's eay Shares. Person interested only to swear to Debenture for Rebate.

XIV. And whereas it is found by Experience, That great Quantities of Goods are daily imported Five hundred* from foreign Parts in a fraudulent and clandestine Adanner, without paying the Customs and Duties due Pounds Penalty and payable to their Majesties, and the same hath of late been much increased and promoted by ill Men, who, PJ '"r "*

notwithstanding the Laws, already mads, do undertake as Insurers, or otherwise, to deliver such Goods prohibited"

' lb clandestinely imported, at. their Charge and Hazard, into the Hotifes, Warehouses, or 1 offeflion of Goods, or the Owners, thereof: 'For the preventing so great a Adifchief, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, gods without That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who, by way of Insurance or otherwise, shall undertake Custom or agree to deliver any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, to be imported from Parts beyond the Seas, at any Port or Place whatsoever within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without paying the Customs and Duties that shall be due and payable for the same at such Importation, or any prohibited Goods whatsoever, or in pursuance of such Insurance, Undertaking.

Agreement, shall deliver, or cause or procure to be delivered, any prohibited Goods, or shall deiiv \ fi This and the cause or procure to be delivered, any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, without paying such Duties and following Scc customs as aforesaid, knowing thereof, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors, and aitistants, shall for every such Offence forfeit and loss the Sum of five hundred Pounds over and above all other Forfeitures and w. Penalties to which they are liable by any at already in Force. C 2.' J

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons what jqe hundred ibever, who shall.agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Aloney for the insuring or conveying any Goods or Pounds Penalty Merchandizes that shall be so imported, without paying the Customs and Duties due and payable at the upon Ferion, Importation thereof, or of any prohibited Goods whatsoever, or shall receive or take such prohibited Goods 'yhoftall be into his or their House, or Warehouse, or other Place on Land, or such other Goods, before such 10 10 uu Customs and Duties are paid, knowing thereof, shall also for every such Offence forfeit and lole the like Sum of five hundred Pounds, s the one Half of the said Forfeitures to be to their Alajeftiss, and the other Hsm to the Informer, or such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same,

3x

voi.hi.

XVI.

Reward to in surer, discovering.

Manner of recovering the Penalty.

[Proviso.]

Application of the Dutits.

4 & 5 W. & M. C

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Insurer, Conveyor, or Manager of such Fraud, be the Discoverer of the same, he shall not only keep and enjoy the Insurance Money or Reward given him, and be discharged of the Penalties to which he is liable by reason of such Offence, but shall also have to his own Use one Half of the Forfeitures hereby imposed upon the Party or Parties making such Insurance or Agreement, or receiving the Goods as aforesaid; in case no Discovery shall be made by the Insurer, Conveyor, or Manager as aforesaid, and the Party or Parties insured or concerned in such Agreement shall make Discovery thereof, he shall recover and receive back such. Insurance Money or Pr annum, as he hath paid upon such Insurance or Agreement, and shall have to his own Use otu Moiety of the Forfeitures imposed upon such Insurer, Conveyor, or Manager as aforesaid, and shall alfc be discharged of the Forfeitures hereby imposed upon him or them.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recoverable according tc the Course of the Court of Exchequer, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures in like Cases are recoverable.

XVIII. Provided, That no Penalty hereby inflicted shall be recoverable, unless the same be prosecuted within twelve Months after the Time such Fact was committed; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And for preventing Doubts touching the Application of Moneys, which shall accrue to theirma jeftics for the Custom of prize goods, be it declared and directed by. the Authority aforesaid, That all Duties, as well Customs as Imposts, and by what Act or Acts. soever, that shall accrue and be payable to their Majdties at the customhouse after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety three, for any Goods or Merchandise taken, condemned, and sold as Prize, shall be applied entirely to the Credit of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majestin certain additional impositions upon several Goods and Merchandise, for the prosecuting the present [Far against France, any other Act. to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Debtor upon Judgement, C taking up Money of another upon a Mortgage, without Notice of the Judgement to the Mortgagee, hall lose his Equity to redeem.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages.

WHEREAS great Frauds and Deceits are too often practised by necellitous and evil disposed persons in borrowing of Money, and giving Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances privately, for securing the Repayment of the said Money, and the same Persons do afterwards borrow Money upon Security of their Lands of other Persons, and do not acquaint the latter Lender thereof with the same, whereby such late Lender is very often in Danger to lose his whole Money, or forced to pay off the Dtbts secured by the said Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances, before they can have any Benefit of the said Mortgages: And whereas diverse Persons do many Times mortgage their Lands more than once, without giving Notice of their first Mortgage, whereby Lenders of Money upon Second or after Mortgages do often lose their Money, and are put to great Charges in Suits and otherwise: 'For Remedy whereof, and preventing the same as much as may be for the future,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the first Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and three, shall borrow any Money, or for any other valuable Consideration, for the Payment thereof, voluntarily give, acknowledge, permit, or suffer to be entered, against him or them, one or more Judgement or Judgments, Statute or Statutes, Recognisance or Recognizances, to any Person or Persons, Creditor or Creditors; and if the said Borrower or Borrowers, Debtor or Debtors, shall afterwards take up or borrow any other Sum or Sums of Money of any other Eerson or Persons, or for other valuable Confederation become indebted to such Person or Persons, and for securing the Repayment and Discharge thereof, shall mortgage his, her, or their Lands or Tenements, or any Part thereof, to the said second or other Lender or Lenders of the said Money, Creditor or Creditors, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for, or to the Use of, such second or other Lender or Lenders, Creditor or Creditors, and shall not give Notice to the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Judgement or Judgments, Statute or Statutes, Recognisance or Recognizances, in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, before the Execution of the said Mortgage or Mortgages; unless such Mortgager or Mortgagers, his, her, or their Heirs, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given by the Mongagce or Mortgagees of the said Lands and Tenements, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, ad ministrators, or Assigns, in Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, attested by two or more sufficient Witnesses, of any such former Judgement or Judgments, Statute or Statutes, Recognisance or Recognizances, shall within six Months pay off and discharge the said Judgement or Judgments, Statute or Statutes, Recognisance or Recognizances, and all Interest and Charges due thereupon, and cause or pro i cure the same to be vacated or discharged by Record; that then the Mortgager or Mortgagers of the said Lands and Tenements, his, her, or their Heirs, " Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have no Benefit or Remedy against the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, in Equity or elsewhere, for Redemption of the said Lands and Tenements, or any Part thereof; but the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may hold and enjoy the said Lands and Tenements for such

Eftatf

AP. 1692. Anno quarto Sc quiuto Guglielmi Sc marie. C 17. 523

Estate and Term therein, as were or was granted and settled to the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, against he said Mortgager or Mortgagers, and all Person and Persons lawfully claiming from, by, or under him, ter, or them, freed from Equity of Redemption, and as fully to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if: he same had been purchased absolutely and without any Power or Liberty of Redemption,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who have orperson rr.ortja rath once mortgaged, or from and after the said first Day of May shall mortgage, any Lands or Tenements ging twice " uji o any Person or Persons, for Security of Money lent, or otherwise accrued or become du, or for other

aluable Considerations; and if the said Mortgager or Mortgagers shall again mortgage the same Lands orj0"c'; f.q'ln7. Tenements, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons for valuable Considerations (the said for j Vcm. 5»9, ner Mortgage being in Force and not discharged) and shall not discover to the said Second or other mort s.

; agee or Mortgagees, or some or one of them, the former Mortgage or Mortgages, in Writing under his r their Hands; that then and in those Cases also, the said Mortgager or Mortgagers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have no Relief or Equity of Redemption against the said Second or after Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administnuors, or Alligns, upon the said After Mortgage or Mortgages, but that Such Mortgagee or Morgagces, his, her, or heir Heirs, Executor, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may hold and enjoy such more than once mortgaged Lands and Tenements, for such Estate and Term therein, as were or was granted and conveyed by the said Mortgager or Mortgagers, against him, her, or them, his, her, or their Heirs, Execu: ors, or Administrators respectively, freed from Equity of Redemption, and as fully to all Intents and 3urposes, as if the same had been an absolute Purchase, and without any Power or Liberty of Redemp: ion.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nevertheless if it founder mort a iiappen there be more than one Mortgage at the same Time made by any Person or Persons, to any per e mj> icon or Persons, of the same Lands and Tenements, the several late or under Mortgagees, his, her, or their dccm'

Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have Power to redeem any former Mortgage or Mortgages, upon Payment of the Principal Debt, Interest, and Costs of Suit, to the prior Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; anything herein contained to

: he contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed, or extended, todower Aved. jar any Widow of any Mortgager of Lands or Tenements from her Dower and Right in or to the said Set farther jon. Lands, who did not legally join with her Husband in such Mortgage, or otherwise lawfully bar or exclude c' za' lerself from such her Dower or Right.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade.

WHEREAS the Trade to Greenland and the Greenland Seas, in the fishing for Whales there, hath been heretofore a very beneficial Trade to this Kingdom, not only in the employing great Numbers of Seamen and Ships, and consuming great Quantities of Provisions, but also in the bringing into this Na' tian great Quantities of Oil, Blubber, and Sins

II. And whereas neighbouting Nations do yearly make great Advantage thereby', not only supplying themselves with that Sort of Oil and Sins, but by vending into other Parts great Quantities thereof, and 1 particularly into this Kingdom, where the said Trade is now quite decayed and lost: C

III. And whereas several Merchants of this Kingdom did heretofore endeavour to settle and regain the said Trade, and for their Encouragement therein, it was by an Act of Parliament made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, Ani for the en scar. 2. C 7, ' couragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade (amongst other Things) enacted, That in regard there was then great Want of Harponiers and Seamen killed and exercised in the Trade of whale hilling, it should and might be lawful for any Ship or Vessel truly be t' longing to England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the Master should be an Englishmen, and inhabiting within the Places aforesaid, from and after the first Day of May which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and three, and until the five and twentieth Day of March which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and three, employed for the catching of Whales, during such Voyage, to be navigated with one Moiety of the Harponiers and one Moiety of the rest of the Mariners only English, and yet to pay no further or other Custom for the l' Oil, Blubber, or Sins, caught or imported in such Ship or Vessel, than if such Ship or Vessel had been navigated with three Fourths of the Mariners English, which said Act was by another Act of Parliament made in the second Year of their present Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majtficsn w. & M. ft.

a Subfdy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and Imported, 1. C 4.

continued for four Years

IV. And wherereas several Merchants and other Persons of this kin?dom were by the first recited Act j4 encouraged to fit out and send to the said Greenland Seas some Ships or Vessels for the catching of Whales,

1 whereby some small Quantities of Oil, Blubber, and whale sins were imported into this Kingdom, but they not being able to carry on the said Trade upon their Angle or separate Interest, in regard that the neighbouring Nations did yearly send far greater Numbers of Ships into those Seas, the said Merchants j4 and other Persons of this Kingdom were forced to difift from following the said Trade, which is now

3x2 wholly

5.24

The following three se&ions are expired.

The Company may trade to g reenia^nd, &c.

C i 7. Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

' wholly ingrofii.d by 'Foreigners; and since the Expiration and Revival of the said A, there have not been any Ships lent from England to the said Greenland Seas, or any Oil, Blubber, or whale fins imported into England, but such as have been bought of Foreigners, whereby great Sums of Money are^yearly drawn out of England for those Commodities, and the Rates and Prices which are now paid for the same, are now above six Times more than heretofore they were, and the said Trade having been for above these twelve Vears laid past wholly lost to this Kingdom, there are very few or no English Harpo 11 niers or English Seamen killed and exercised in the said Trade of whale cate.iing, so that the said Trade cannot' now be regained to this Kingdom, nor can be carried on by or without the Assistance of Foreign Harponiers and Seamen, or upon the single Interestsor Stocks of any particular Persons, or by any other Way than by a Joint Stock

C V And whereas, for the regaining, enlarging, and encouraging the said Trade, a Stock of forty thousand Pounds at the least is a necessary Fund to be raised, for the regaining and carrying on the said Trade whereby it may become beneficial to this Kingdom: And whereas Sir William s.awen Knight, Sic. have undertaken and agreed to raise by Subscription amongst themselves the said Stock or Fund of forty thousand Pounds at least, to be wholly employed in the regaining, managing, and carrying on the said Trade: 'May it please, C

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Merchants of London trading to Greenland, and their Successors, hall, during the Continuance of this Joint Stock hereby appointed to be raised, have, use, and enjoy the free Trade and Traffic, and shall and may freely traf sick and use the Trade and Art of Merchandise and catching of Whales by Sea or otherwise, to, into, and from Greenland, and the Greenland Seas, and to, into, and from the several Ports, Havens, and Places, which are fitual'e, lying, and being in Greenland and the Greenland Seas, and in all other Seas and Places whatsoever (except in the Seas belonging to their Majestiei; coloniss and Plantations in America) and to and from all and every of them, without any Hindrance, Interruption, Denial, or disturbar.ee whatsoever; any Statute, Usage or o.her Cause or Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. [This clause is continued by i Anns, flat. i. C i6.j

Power given to Sir William Scazven, See, to raise a Joint stock of 40,000l. Sir William Scenoen, Sec. made a Corporation by the Name of jthe Greenland Company, and to buy Lands, not exceeding iooi. per Annum, The Company may trade to Greenland, Sec, A Governor, C to be chosen. A Book of Subscriptions, and each Subscriber must subscribe 500 1. Money subscribed how and when to be paid. Defaulters to lose the Subscription of what is not a&ucily paid, and to forfeit 10j. percent. Choice of Governor, Deputy Governor, anri Sixteen to be ife Committee. Oath to betaken by Governor and Deputy Governor. Oath of Committees. Subscriber of Jess than 500l. no Vote, of 5c0l. one Vote, of xocol. two Votes. subfcr/bers Oath. Governors, C to be chosen annually, What other Oaths' the Governor, Deputy Governor and Sixteen Committees, shall take. 1 W. Sc M. ft. 1. c. 8. The Courts how to be called. The Subscribers At a Court may make bylaws. The Sales of Goods to be public. No Lot mrve tian 300l. The Moneys for Goods sold shall be faithfully applied. Dividends to be in Money. Shaies may be assigned by Entry in a Book kept for that purpose. Shares devised by Will excepted. No Person may sell a greater Share than he really hath. All Sales not perfected within io Cays void.

Ships to Green

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful f r the hini, may be said Company hereby.established, and for all and every the Ships and Vessels belonging to or employed by on '^chird^en t<r, e Company, and truly belonging to England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and where glith"enlargedby of the Mailers shall be English Men, and inhabiting within the Places aforesaid, and for no other Ship or 3 Amiae, fiat. i. Vessel whatsoever, from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred C j6. ninety three, and until the first Day of oslober, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand leven

hundred and seven, employed for the catching of Whales in the Greenland Seas, and other the Seas and Places aforesaid, during such their Voyages, to be navigated with one Third of the Mariners English at the kaft, and yet to pay no further or other Custom for the Oil, Blubber, or Sins, caught and imported in such Ships or Vessels, than if such Ships or Vessels had been navigated with three Fourths of the Mariners English, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. oil sndblubber,

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, t hat no English ^o'rtuhjut8 sep or oi er Vessel belonging to England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and which shall by7&s\v belong to and be employed by the said Company in the catching of Whales in the Greenland Seas, and C 3, .^'other the Seas and Places aforesaid, and importing whale oil, or Blubber, or other Fish oil, or Whale

sins of Greenland, or those Seas, or other the Seas and Places aforesaid, shall enjoy any Benefit or Privilege by this Add, unless such Ship or Vessel aid proceed on her Voyage for Greenland and those Seas, or for aether the Seas or Places aforesaid, from England, or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and was victualled for the said Voyage in some of those Places, to be attested by the Collector of the Port where the same hip or Vessel was victualled. [Continued by i Ann. stat. i. C 16.]

Corporation to

XXIX. Provided always, That this Add and the said joint stock shall continue, and the said Company

yearsucfor 14 have and enjoy the said Traffic and Trade to and from Greenland and the Greenland Seas, and other

- the Seas and Places aforesaid, for the Term of fourteen Years, to be accounted from the first Day of oflo ber in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and three, and no longer.

EXP.

[Public act.]

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this A CL shall be and is hereby declared to be a publick Act of Parliament, and shall be so taken and acknowledged by all and every their Majesties Judges in fanlir Fuccu. and every their Majesties Courts at Westminster, and by all and every other their Majestces Subjects

rageuxnts given whatsoever. to the Greenland

Trade, iou IF, 3. C 25. see. 17. 1 Ann. flat. 1. C 16. iqgm. X 16. 12 Geo. 1. c. 2.6. fj, 5 Geo. 2. c.zs* 6 Geo. 2. c. 33. 13 Geo. 2. e.

28. /. 5. 22 Gev. e, 45. ?.8 Geo. 2. c. 2p,

525

5-

<'4*

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto & quinto Guglielmi & Marine, C 18.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court.

WHEREAS diverse malicious and contentious Persons have more of late than in Times past pro is EL C

5 cured to be exhibited and prosecuted. Informations in their Majesties Court of King's Bench atz9 '

Westminster, against Persons in all the Counties of England, for Trespasses, Batteries, and other Mifde 21 ac l' meanors, and after the Parties so informed against have appeared to such Informations, and pleaded to i' issue, the Informers do very seldom proceed any further, whereby the Persons so informed against.are put to great Charges in their Defence; and although at the Trials of such Informations Verdicts are given for them, or a Noli prosequi be entered against them, they have no Remedy for obtaining Costs again! such Informers: And whereas diverse Persons are prosecuted in the said Court of King's Bench to Outlawries for Debts, trespasses, and aether misdemeanors, and there is no reversing such Outlawries but by the personal Appearance of the Persons outlawed, so that the Persons arrested upon such Outlawries (if poor)

' lie in Prison till their Deaths, but if able, it costs them very dear to reverse the same Outlawries For Remedy whereof,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Con clerk of the Ifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this prefeilt Parliament assembled, and Crown to ex. by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Easter Term, which shall be in the

Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and three, the Cleric of the Crown in the said Court of cyme's abo vs jung's Bench for the i ime being shall not, without express Order to be given by the said Court in open mentioned. Court, exhibit, receive, or file any information for any of the Causes aioreffld, or issue out any Process except by Order thereupon, before he shall have taken or shall have delivered to him a Recognisance from the Person orr ?or Persons procuring such Information to be exhibited, with the Place of his, her, or their Abode, Title, or'^ofecu for has iprofession, to be entered, to the Person or.persons against whom such Information or Informations is or are given sol. Retro be exhibited, in the Penalty of twenty Pounds,; that he, she, or they, will effectually prosecute such cognizance to Informations or Information, and abide by and observe such Orders as the said Court shall direct, which prosecute 'recognisance the said Clerk of the Crown, and also every Justice of the Peace of any County, City, P' C Franchise, or Town Corporate (where the Cause of any such Information hall arise) are hereby empowered to take; after the taking whereof by the said Clerk of the Crown, or the Receipt thereof from any Justice of the Peace, the said Clerk of the Crown shall make an Entry thereof upon Record, and shall file a Me Memorandum morandum thereof in force publick Place in his Office that all Persons may resort thereunto without Fee; and in case any Person or Persons against whom any Information or Informations for the Causes aforesaid, if

or any of them, shall be exhibited, shall appear thereunto, and plead to Issue, and that the Prosecutor or Cause not tried Prosecutors of such Information or Informations shall not, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, within one Year, within one whole Year next after Issue joined therein, procure the same to be tried j or if upon such Trial ?f5cr Issue a Verdict! pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or in case, the said Informer or Informers procure a C

proft qui to be entered then in any of the said Cases the said Court., of King's Bench is hereby authorised to award to the said Defendant and Defendants, his, her, or their Costs, unless the Judge, before whom such Information shall be tried, shall at the Trial of such Information, in open Court, certify upon Record, that there was a reasonable Cause for exhibiting such Information; and in case the said Informer or In defendants formers shall not within three Months next after the said costs taxed, and Demand made thereof, pay to Remedy for the said Defendant or Defendants the said Costs, then the said Defendant and Defendants shall have the Costs.

Benefit of the said Recognisance, to compelthem thereunto. 1 Salk j94-

III. And for the more easy and speedy Reversing of Outlawries in the said Court, Be it enacted by the outlawry may Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Eajhr Term, no Person or Persons whatsoever,

who are or shall be outlawed in the said Court for any Cause, Matter, or Thing whatsoever( ( r ea so n: C p ° - j^'rct fc-n and Ftlony only excepted) shall be compelled to come in Person into, or appear in Person in, the said and Felony. Court to reverse such Outlawry, but shall or may appear by Attorney, and reverse the famewithout Bail, Salk 49s in all Cases, except where special 'Bail shall be ordered by the said Court. t

IV. Andie it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person. or Persons outlawed, or Persons taken hereafter to be outlawed, in the said Court, (other than for Treason and Felony) shall from and after the?" c4f'*s

xjtlagatum in Common baij

said first Day of E sler Term be taken and arrested upon any Capias Utlagatim out of the said Court itv shall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriff or Sheriffs who hath or shall have taken and arrested such fes, discharged. Person and Persons (in all Cases where special Bail is not required by the said Court) to take an attorney's by an attornevs Engagement under his Band to appear for the said Defendant or Defendants, and to reverse the said opt, 'ensa£emem to lawries, and thereupon to discharge the said Defendant and Defendants from such Arrests: in thpfe Cases where special Bail is required by the said Court, the said Sheriff or Sheriffs shall and may take secu gjvingbond wi'h rity of the said Defendant or Defendants by Bond, with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, in the Sureties to appenalty of double the Sum for whlh special Bail is required, and no more, dor his, her, or their appea pear. ranee by Attorney in the said Court at the Return of the said Writ, and to do and perform such Things as shall be required by the said Court, mid after such Bond taken, to discharge the said Defendant and Defendants from the said Arrests. ', f

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. if any Person or.persons, outlawed as afore person taken as said, and taken and arrested upon a Capias Utlagytu V shall not beible within the Return of the said rit be

give Security as aforesaid, in Cases where special Bail is required, so as he or they are committed to gaoq'|vcinakr|gc(, rt for Default thereof, that whensoever the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall find sufficient Security to the Sheriff;, ter Return of.

or the Writ.

This A any extends to Informations by 'Atafter of Crown Office. Defendants (except desiring) not to plead a^ain upon the King's Demise. See farther 9An.

UP,

To' indemnify Lords of the Council, C acting beyond their Power in Defence of the Kingdom.

526 C 19, 20. Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

or Sheriffs, in whose Custody he or they shall] be, for his or their Appearance by Attorney in the said Court, at some Return in the Term then next following, to reverse the said Outlawry or Outlawries, and to do and perform such other Thing and Things as shall be required by the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sheriff and Sheriffs, after such Security taken, to discharge and set at liberty the said Prisoner and Prisoners for the same; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided, That nothing in this Act relating to Informations shall extend or be construed to extend to any other Informations, than such as are or shall be exhibited in the Name of their Majesties Coroner or Attorney in the Court of King's Bench for the Time being (commonly called the Master of the Crown Office) anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Demise of any King or Queen of this Realm, all Pleas to Informations in the said Court shall Hand and be good in Law, without calling Defendants to plead again to the same, unless the Defendants desire so to do, and make Request to the said Court for that Purpose within five Months next after such Demise; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

WHEREAS in this p re font Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and two, it was notoriously known that there were great Preparations for an Invasion intended from France, the Lords of the Council, and those that have acted by their Authority, having apprehended and imprisonel several suspected Persons, and seized and used Horses and Arms, and caused some Part of the Militia of this Kingdom to be raised, continued, and mantained, otherwise than is authorised by the Acts made in the Reign of King Charles the Second in that Behalf, and to march and be quartered in diverse Places upon that Occasion: those Proceedings in that extraordinary Juncture, and the Parties concerned therein, may be indemnified; therefore, and for the preventing the Trouble and Charges which the said good Subjects might be put to by the Prosecution of their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, or by the means of Suits of any Person whatsoever, for and by reason of their Actings and Doings aforesaid, uc'

CAP. XX.

An Act for the better discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas,

and Exchequer at Westminster.

WHEREAS great Mischiefs and Damages happen and come, as well to Persons in their Life

times, but more often to their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and also to Purchasers and Mortgagees, by Judgments entered upon Record in their Majesties Courts at Westminster, against

Persons Defendants, by reason of the Difficulty there is in finding out such Judgments For Remedy whereof.

Judgments to be II Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's moult Excellent Majesties, by and wuth the Advice and con do^gected. sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Clerk of the Efioius of the Court of Common Pleas, every Clerk of the Doggets of the Court of King's Bench, and the Mailer of the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, shall, before the last Day of Easter Term next coming, and foin every Easter Term after, make or cause to be made and put into an alphabetical Dogget by the defendant's Names, a Particular of all Judgments for Debt by Confession, Non fitm informatus, or Nihil elicit, entered in the said respect1 tive Courts, of the Term of Saint Hilary preceding, which shall contain the Name and Names of the Plaintiff and Plaintiffs, the Name and Names of the Defendant and Defendants, his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, and Title, Trade, or Profession (if any such be in the Record of the said Judgement) and the Debt, Damages, and Coils recovered thereby; and in what County, City, or Town the respective Actions were laid, and the Number Roll of the Entry thereof; and also that every Clerk of the Judgments, and every other Clerk of the said Court of Common Pleas and King's Bench respectively shall, within ten Days before the Time aforesaid, bring to the respective Clerks of the Doggets of the said respective Courts, Notes in Writing of all the Judgments by them and every of them respectively entered, of the said Term of Saint Flilary, upon Verdicts, Writs of Inquiry, Demurrer, and every other Judgement for Debt or Damages, in all Things as aforesaid; also that the Clerk of the Judgments, and every other Clerk of the said court of Exchequer, shall, within the Times aforesaid, bring to the said Mailer of the said Office of Pleas, the like Note in Writing of all the like Judgments by him or them respectively entered of the said Term, in all Things as aforesaid; the end the same may be, (by the Clerk of the Ellbins of the said Court of Common Pleas, the Clerk of the Doggets of the said Court of King's Bench, and Master of the Office of Pleas) respectively entered in the respective Doggets before mentioned, in Manner and Form aforesaid; and also that the respective Officers and Clerks of the said respective Courts shall likewise, before the last Day of the Term of Saint Michael also next coming, and in every Michaelmas Term after, make, or cause to be made, as aforesaid, the like Dogget, containing all such Judgments in the said respective Courts, of the respective Terms of Easter and Trinity then lati pass, and the Names of the Plaintiffs and Defendants, 1 Titles

u V i\'j 1; j vf.

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. C 21. 527

Titles and Additions, Debt and Damages, in all Things as aforesaid; and also that the said respective

Officers and Clerks of the said respective Courts shall likewise, before the last Day of the Term of Saint

Hilary, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and three, and foin every

Hilary Term after, make, or cause to be made, the like Dogget, containing all such Judgments in the said respective Courts, of the Term of Saint Michael then lait paid, with the Names of the Plaintiffs and

Defendants, Titles and Additions, Debts and Damages, in all Things as aforesaid; and that the said respective

Doggets shall be fairly put into and kept in Books in Parchment in the respective Offices of the respective Officers before named, to be searched and viewed by all Persons at all reasonable Times, paying

to the respective Officers, in whose Keeping the said Books respectively shall be, for every term's Search

for Judgments against any one Person, fourpence, and no more; upon Pain that every Clerk of Kffoins ofecc for sc3rcb*

the Court of Common Pleas, Clerk of the Doggets of the King's Bench, and Mailer of the Office of Pleas in

the Court of Exchequer, Clerks of the Judgments, and every Clerk before mentioned respectively, shall,

for every Term, in which he shall omit or neglect to do his Duty in the Premises, forfeit the Sum of one.

hundred Pounds; the one Moiety to the Party or Parties aggrieved, and the other Moiety to him oc them Penalty.

who shall sue for the same in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Privilege,

or Essoin, or Protection of Law, shall be admitted, nor any more than one Imparlance.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Judgement, not doggetted and entered ju jgm' nt not in the Books as aforesaid, shall affect any Lands or Tenements as to Purchasers or Mortgagees, or have any Preference against Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in their Administration of their, Ancestors A ur-

Teflators, or In reflates Estates _ _ '

' And whereas the Clerks of the Judgments of the said respective Courts are to be at great charges to the cieils and Trouble in the Execution of this Act; 'For Recompense whereof be it enacted by the Authority t judge aforesaid, That hereafter there shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every of the said Judgmentsmeiu upon Verdicts, Writs of Inquiry, Demurrer, and every other Judgement by them respectively to be entered, over and above the Fees now due for the same, the Sum of fourpence, and no more.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and beaa, 0 cnn un: - in Force for one Year, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety andon?*"*' three, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Continued, a Year, longer by 6 & 7 W. 3. cap. 14. and made perpetual by 7 & 8 W. 3. cap. 36. fest. 3.]

CAP. XXL

An Act for delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

WHEREAS by the Course of Practice in the respective Courts of Record at Westminster, after the Plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any writ.issued out of any of the said Courts, have been at great Charge.

' to arrest the Defendant or Defendants upon such Writ, and the Defendant Or Defendants, for want of sufficient Bail, are often committed to Gaol, and unless the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall, before thb End of two Terms, next after such Arrest, cause such Defendant or Defendants, by Writ of Habeas Corpus, to' be removed, to be charged in the said respective Courts with Declarations of the Cause of such Action or i' Actions, such Prisoner or Prisoners are upon a common Bail or Appearance by Attorney discharged from their Imprisonment, to the great Prejudice of the plaintiff's For Remedy, whereof,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice andi+ £/

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assemblcda3 E '

by. the Authority of the same, That if now, or at any Time after the five and twentieth Day ocmarch

one thousand six hundred ninety and three, any Defendant or Defendants be taken or charged: irvcuflodyprisoner in

at the Suit of any Person or Persons, upon any Writ or Writs out of any of the said Courts at Westminster, Custody hov. and imprisoned or detained iu Prison for Want of Sureties for their Appearance to the same, the plaifltifr?har8s.j* or Plaintiffs, in such Writ or Writs, shall and may, by virtue of this Act, before the End: of the next.

Term after such Writ or Process shall be returnable, declare against such Prisoner or Prisoners in the re - \

Court or Courts out of which the Writ or Writs shall issue, whereupon the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall be taken and imprisoned or charged in Custody, and shall or may cause a true Copy thereof to be deli 1 saltc^s* vered to such Prisoner or Prisoners, or to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison, or Gaoler in whose Custody such Prisoner shall be or remain: To which Declaration or Declarations the said Prisoner or prisoners shall appear, and plead; and if such Prisoner or Prisoners shall not appear and plead to the: same, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Cases shall have Judgement in such. Manner as if the prisoner, or Prisoners appeared in the said respective Courts, and refused to answer or plead to such Declaration.,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all Declarations against any Prisoner in the kirtg 'n oc Prisoners detained in Prison by virtue of any Writ or Process issued or.to.be issued out of the Court of be"ctl Dec, a King's Bench, it shall be alleged, in Custody of what Sheriff, Bailiff, or Steward of any Franchise,

aether Person having the Return and Execution of, Writs, such, or Prisoners shall be at thej" c'r, ^sheriff. Time of such Declaration: by virtue of the Process of the said Court at the Suit of the Plaintiffs:

Which Allegation shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Prisoner: Prisoners Carthew 469.. were in the Custody. the Marshal of the Aparjbalfea of our, sovereign Lord and Ladythe King and; f^'

Queen Prisoners, C 2 '

&9IV 3. C7# 11 E? 12 W. 3, c. 19. 1 Ann fiou 2. C 6, 5 Ana, C 9. g.gco, 1. C 2?, 11 Geo. 1. e, xz, 11 Geo. i. C 20. 16 Geo. 2. £.£<, 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 f 17. and 32. Geo. 2. C J

5 2 8 C 2 2.

Anno quarto Sc quinto Guglielmi Sc Marish. A.D. 1692.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for regelating Proceedings in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster. i;

Persons bavin Grants by Charters and enrolled, not

F

O R reblifying the Proceedings in the Grown Officei in their Majesties Court of King's Bench, and for the greater ease of ail their majesty's subjects who hall hereafter be prosecuted in the same:; Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the advice.and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Corporation, Lord or Lords of Manors, or other Person or Persons, bound to plead having Grants by Charter, or other good Conveyances, who have enrolled, and had the same allowed, in them tc an in -- and by the said Court, hall hereafter be compelled to plead the same, to any Inquisition returned by quisition. any Coroner; any Custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And if thebe be any Corpora so much of 'tions, Lord or Lords of Manors, or other Person or Persons, who now have, or hereafter hall have such Grants of Fe Charters or grants from the Crown, for Felons Goods, Deodands; and other Forfeitures, such Corpo ions, cas rations, Lords of Manors, and other Persons, shall not be compelled to inroll their whole Charters and granprohe Grants, but bring in the same to the Clerk of the Crown of the said Court, he shall inroll and enter upon only e'ntred. Record so much thereof, as may express and set forth the Grants of such Felons Goods, Deodands, and See 20 s. Forfeitures, and no more; for.doing whereof he shall have, and receive twenty Shillings for his See and After such En Entry thereof, and no more; and from and after such inrollment, no Corporation, Lord of Manor, or d^fcl a^red^rom ot^er person or Persons, Grantees of such Goods or Forfeitures, shall be compelled to plead the same in pleading to in the AW Court, to any Inquisition hereafter filed therein, touching any Goods found thereby; any Usage quisition. < to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty upon

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk of tyre Crown of the said clerk of the Court shall hereafter issue out any Process against any Corporation, Lord of Manor, or other Person or Crown iffirijisp 'persons Grantees of such Felons Goods, deojands, and other Forfeitures, after Inrollment or Entry as aforesaid, the said Clerk of the crown shall for every Offence forfeit and pay to the Corporation or Party grieved thereby, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be admitted, nor any more than oneffmparlance.

III. And whereas diverse Persons having Grants of Felons Goods and Deodands, and enrolled and pleaded as aforesaid, do many times aliene and convey their Interests therein to other Person or Persons, or by their last; Wills do devise the same, or by their Deaths such Estates do defeend to their Heirs, whereby the Clerk of the Crown of "the said Court is rentlred uncapable to difeern where such Interest lies; until the Person or Persons, to whom such Estates are conveyed, deviled, or defeended, shall come into, the said Court, and make Entry of such their Claim as aforesaid; 'Be it therefore hereby further

__' j i____, a uh i i"_ft. 'nr: CL al' ni_i_1.^ rij /*L a, ____

Process after such Entry.

Clerk of the Crown not punishable for issuing Process against Heirs, C

Person orterldnsi, who shall not, 'u pome very Pi. inroll umd.plead; the famejpurchase in the said Court; nor ag.iinft any Devisee of the like Estate, who fhnil not likewise inroll or plead such Devise; against any Heir, who shall not in like manner inroli his or

\ i!u' <!riieil', -: bitheii.respe<3; ive.o£ficer. or Officers in{t'rft for them respectiv eliyi L AL <},

-'ft n. i WV'. And whereasbaji is 'hgheeableito justicepthuttrocecdings to Outlawries in icrimmalcaufo should l'besal publick: aiidifeo<txtrmnsas in, civil eui las$: becaute 1 thfcconfequencw' td( persons butlriwed.in criminal Causes. re more: fataf Iand, daagero u s to them'a'hdthejr Pofteritics, than in any other Causes; further

a Proclamation enabled by, the Authority afalfesaid, Thar npqfi the issuing of any Exigent odt of any of their Majesties at the Time of Courts, ! againflonriy pedbtlfflkeeplbnsvfop ^lyi briiwjnal Mattel; before judgment or Chimbtion, therhhall the Exigent mj; sue out a Writ of Proclamation bearing the fameffect and Return, to the Sheriffor Sheriffs of the County, tobc delivered' \citjr, -- or.ttown Corporate, where the Person 'or'persons in the Record of the said Proceedings is or are three Months 'mentioned to be or inhabitytccording' to' the Formes the Statute made in the"one and thirtieth Year of before Return, the reighjoe the ia*d (Queen' Elizabeth j bfbleffed Memory, ': which Writ of Proclamation shall be delivered 3i El. C 3., to the: 'said>sheriff orfffieriffethree months befofe th Return Of the same .< '

proi/ided always, "'and befit enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue ynd be in for three yeafisyffom the five and jwentiet h'day of March one thousand six hundred ninety three,

ri'otei/.iir, >amifio ldriger; i L ['madepsrpetual by rik

si

Act to continue three Vears';

V

Force

and from thence to the end of the next Section f Parliaktunty 8 w: 3. cap. 36. §: 4.] - J r'

., 'ft hi S.), II. ( ..ift V 10 1 .!'

1<,

jj.q

1.: ip mai i

jn.'fi jdi ylicj.

rlft'a

firm

run To < s.i.so'n

jjv t. iifi <: > Ij

LI ma5.011! 0 O sir V j'

fth

5/1! 1;

') 31

t, il' il. -. fl

'3 I. 3ljf 111

A.D. 1692. Anno quarto 6c quinto Guglielmi & Marian C 23. 529

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the more easy Discovery and Conviction of such as shall destroy the Game of this

Kingdom.

WHEREAS diverse good and necessary Laws have been heretofore made for the better Preservation lj« s against of the Game, notwithstanding which Laws, or for Want of the due Execution thereof, then >'

' Game of this Kingdom hath he n very much destroyed by many idle Persons, who afterwards betake ^'cx' cuted*

' themselves to Robberies, Burglaries, or other like Offences, and neglect their lawful Employments; '1

for Re r.edy whereof, and the more effectual Preservat on of the Game; '13 R. 2. slit. r.

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and, ', H' - C 7.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 'and 19 H. 7. C 11, by the Authority of the same, That all and every Law and Statute now in Forte for the better Preservation 32 HE C 8 of the Game, and every Article and Thing in them contained, and not herein and hereby altered or rc-, rip flz ac pealed, shall be duly put in Execution, according to the Tenor of the Lid Laws, and under the Penalties Lj 'cz therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of, as in and by the said Laws are directed. 3 j=c ' C. 3.

7 Jac. r. C 13. 13 Car. 2. fiat. 1. C 10. 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 15 & 25.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more easy Conviction of Offenders, as by the said Laws are prohibited, every Constable, Headborough, and Tythingman, being T: ".. thereunto authorised by Warrant of one or more Justice of the Peace, under his or their flan is and Seals, search H mfes shall and may have full Power and Authority, and, is hereby required, to enter into and search (in such of rufycftui Manner, and with such Power, as in and by An act for the more effectual Discovery and P uni some nt of dccr^f>n % stealers, made in the third and fourth Years of their present Majesties Reign, is provided, in case of Ve^' 4 c'

nifon or Skin of any Deer, ortoyls) the House or Houses, out houses, or other Places belonging to fucnhouses or suspected Persons not qualified as aforesaid: in case any Hare, Partridge, Pheasant, If Hare, sc. be Pigeon, Fish, Fowl, or other Game, shall (upon such Search or otherwise) be found, the Offender shall be found, and Ow. carried before same Justice of Peace of the same County, Riding, or Division; if such Person do not"nod A'ccoiinf= give a good Account how he came by such Hare, Partridge, Pheasant, Pigeon, Fish, Fowl, or other^shall'te'con game, such as shall Ltisfy the said Justice, or else shall not in some convenient Time, to be set by thevift: .) by a said Justice, produce the Party of whom he bought the same, or some other credible Person, to depose upon

Oath such Sale thereof, that then such Person not giving such good Account, nor producing any such

Witness as aforesaid, shall be convicted by the said Justice of such Offence, and upon such Conviction shall forfeit for every Hare, Partridge, Pheasant, Pigeon, fish, Fowl, or other Game, any Sum not underpen3, ty.vron five Shillings, and not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be ascertained by the said Justice; one^1^' Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Of Levying, fence was committed; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom the Offender shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus, if any be; and for Want of Distress, the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding one Month, and not less than ten Days, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour; and in case any Person or Persons, not qualified by the Laws of this Realm so to do, Person living shall have, keep, or use any Bows, Greyhounds, Setting Dogs, Fcrrits, Coney Dogs, Hayes, Lurchers, Greyhounds, C Nets, Tunnels, Lowbels, Hare Pipes, Snares, or any other Instruments for destruction of Fish, Fowl; 'vn" f^ld' or other Game, and shall be thereof convicted upon such Evidence as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so' '

convicted shall forfeit and be subject to the same Pains and Penalties, as are hereby directed to be inflicted upon the Person or Persons who shall he found to have any Hare, Partridge, Pheasant, Pigeon, Fish,

Soul, or other Game, as aforesaid; if any Person or Persons, so produced or charged with the said Offence, shall not before the same Justice give such Evidence of his Innocence as aforesaid, he shall be convicted thereof, in the same Manner, as the Person or Persons first charged therewith is hereby directed to be, and so from person to Person, until the first Offender shall be discovered.

IV. And to the End all Keepers and game keepers, mentioned in and duly authorised according to thekeepers act made in the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, may be indemnified in the Execution of the may?; 'Pofc Per* said Office, be it enacted, That all Lords of Manors or other Royalties, or any Person or Persons authorised

by them as game keepers, shall and may, within their respective Manors or Royalties, oppose and, 15^' ii(ti 2_ resist such Offender in the nighttime, in the same Manner, and be equally indemnified for so doing, as if22 £-23 Car. 2. such fact had been committed within any ancient Chase, Park, or Warren enclosed whatsoever. C 25.

V. And whereas diverse idle, disorderly, and mean Persons, have and keep Nets, Angles, Leaps. Piches, Persons not and other Engines for the taking and killing of Fish out of the Pends, Waters, Rivers, and other Fishe ownenofflfhe ries, to the Damage of the Owners thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ys' "f: njc no Person or Persons whatsoever shall and may, at any Time or Times from and after the five and twen 'ep, as' tic th Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety three, have or keep any Net, Angle, Leap, Piche, or other Engine for the taking of Fish, other than the Makers and Sellers thereof, for their better Conveniency in the Sale of the same, and other than the Owner and occut pier of any River or Fishery for the Time being; and moreover. That it shall and may be lawful, not owneroffiftfry only for the Owner or Occupier of any River or Fishery, and also for all and every other Person and Net.,

Persons by him or them for that Purpose appointed, to seize, detain, and keep, to his and their o.vn Use'j J and Uses, all and every Net, Angle, Leap, Piche, and other Engine, which be or they shall find used ivi;, .'imv laid, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whatsoever, fifiling in any River or Fisherf. id: b, V --'V ol. III 3 Y whauccver

ia ir ?etf w^att°ever without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof, but also for any Person or Persons them 'as hewill.w'lat^oever (being thereunto authorised by Warrant under the pl and and Seal of any Justice of the Peace Eun., r. 1.495! f the same County, Division, Borough, 'Sown Corporate, or any other Place) in the daytime to search the Houses, out houses, or other Places of any Person or Persons hereby prohibited to have or keep the same, as shall be suspected to have or keep, in his or their Custody or Possession, any Net, Angle, Leap, Pichc, or other Engine aforesaid, and the same and every or any of them to seize, detain, and keep, to his and their own Use and Uses, or otherwise to cut in Pieces or destroy, as Things by this Act prohibited to ik 4 C 2j.be kept by Persons of their Degree.

9 Ann. C 26. igco. 1. flat. 2. C 18, 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 7. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 30. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

Fishermen, C lawfully authorised, excepted.

No Ctrthrarx of conviction, except Party convicted give fifty Pounds Security to pay Costs,

Person punished

VI. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or he construed' to extend, to abridge any Fisherman or his Apprentice or Apprentices, lawfully authorised to fish in navigable Rivers or Waters, with lawful Nets and Engines; but that every of them shall and may (according, to the Laws and Orders made, and to be made and settled, for the good Order, Rule, and Government of such navigable Rivers and Waters) use the Trade of Fishing, as they lawfully might have done before the making of this Act; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas diverse Offenders duly convicted, do commonly procure Writs of Certiorari to re 1 move such Convictions into superior Courts at tvejhnhifter, in hopes thereby to discourage and weary out such Persons injured by great Delays, Expenses, and Incertainties Be it therefore enacted, That no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Conviction made, or other Proceeding of, for or concerning any Matter or Thing in this Act, unless the Party or Parties, against whom such Conviction shall be made, shall before the Allowance of such Certiorari become bound to the Person or Persons prosecuting. the Sum of fifty Pounds, with such sufficient Sureties, as the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender was convicted, shall think fit, with Condition to pay unto the said Prosecutors (within one Month after such Conviction confirmed, or Procedendo granted) their full Costs and Charges, to be ascertained upon their Oaths; and that in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Justice and Justices, and others, to proceed to the due Execution of such Conviction, in such manner as if no Certiorari had been awarded.

VIII. Provided, That where any Offender shall be punished by Force of this Act, he shall not be pro

fcy this Act, notfecuted, nor incur the Penalty of any other Law or Statute for the same Offence.

IX. Provided always, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall at any Time after the said five and twentieth Day of March, be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of any Matter or Thing which he or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the general Issue, and give this.ad may plead Ge or any other special Matter in Evidence; and if the Verdict shall pass with the Defendant or Defendants nerai ktue, and in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, that recover treble any fuc]j case such Defendant or Defendants shall have his or their treble Costs, which he or they shall have sustained in Defence of such Action or Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy, as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to the Defendants.

X. And whereas great Mischiefs do ensue by inferior Tradesmen, Apprentices, and other dissolute Persons neglecting their Trades and Employments, who follow Hunting, Fishing, and other Game, to the Ruin of themselves, and Damage of their Neighbours; 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Ground tu hunt. Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person as aforesaid, shall presume to hunt, hawk, fish, or fowl.

(unless in Company with the Master of such Apprentice, duly qualified by Law) such Person or Persons shall be subject to the Penalties of this Act, and shall or may be sued and prosecuted for their wilful Trespass in such their coming on any person's Land, and if found guilty thereof, the Plaintiff shall not only recover his Damages thereby sustained, but his full Costs of Suit; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty upon

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the better preserving the red and black Game of Impg^1 A: c.uuporf Grouse, commonly called heath cocks, or heath poits, no Person whatsoever, on any Mountains, Hills, Hefis. Pleaths, Moors, Forests, Chases, or other Wastes, shall presume to burn, between the second Day of February and twenty-fourth of June, any Grig, Ling, Heath, Furze, Gofs, or Fern, upon Pain that the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding one sank rprovijiom Month, and not less than ten Days, there to bfe whipped, and kept to hard Labour.

relating hereto, 5 Ann. C 14.9 Ann. C 2;. 3 Geo. I. f. IX 8 Geo. 1. c. 19. 10 Geo. 2. c. 31. and 28 Geo. 2. c. 12.

punishable by others for the same Offence.

Persons sued

Coils,

Tradesmen, C liable to Coils, for coming on another man's

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring.

WHEREAS diverse temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found useful and beneficial, r

are near expiring, and some of them are already expired; 'therefore for continuing and reviving the same, and explaining certain Doubts hereafter mentioned,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

the Authority of the same, That an act made in the Session of Parliament held in the thirteenth and <3*>4 Car, fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for providing Carriages lycv\jf Ca, P, ic Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, which Was thereby to have Continu Navyf -- - and he in Force until the End of the nrft Session of the next Parliament, and no longer; which said continued

ance,

Act being expired, was by one Act made in the first Year of the late King James revived, and was enacted by an Act of to have Continuance during the Space of seven Years, from the four and twentieth Day of June in thejjc C 11 ' Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the first Session off^y'or parliament then next ensuing, shall be, and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force during the Space, & j/w. 3.' of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from. 13. thence to the End of the full Session of Parliament then next ensuing, and no longer. EXP. Far ' '»

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act; made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, and continued abol, C c0*j, ag'c5' by another Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles, intituled, continued by An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coinagej both which said Acts were revived by an Act made in 25 Car. 2. C 5. the first Year of the Reign of the late King fames, and were enacted to have Continuance for the Space oftoti' w, '.'ch seven Years, to commence from the first Day of August one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and until Bie End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, shall be and are by Virtue of this Act continued, jjc> 2 CI and shall be in Force for the Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six further corvi hundred ninety-two, and from thence unto the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, nucdfor 7 yejrt and no longer. _ 19 Geo. 2.0.14.

IV. And whereas an Act of Parliament was made in the Session held in the two and twentieth and 22 & 23 Car. 2. 1 three and twentieth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for thsc -- 2- l0f

better and more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty, which said Act, by an

made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, was revived and enacted to be in'c, ntjriucd buvr "' ' Force from the nineteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred eighty jac. 2. C 17.

' five, and to have Continuance for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next§ " and

Session of Parliament: And whereas the same hath been found by Experience to be a good and useful

f Law, and much conducing to the Service of the Crown; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, sc^gco. 1. C That the said Act, and every Article, Clause, and Thing, therein contained, shall be in Force, and isi5. f, hereby made perpetual.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all Clerks of the courtoa* to be given of King's Bench, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Peace, Town "r°n^cturn 01 Clerks, Clerks of Sewers, Clerks of the Markets, and others to whom it belongeth to make Returns ofl

Estreats into the Court of Exchequer, shall; upon Delivery in of all and every such Eflreat and Eflreats, take the Oath following, that is to say,

1 \TOU shall sweaf. That these Eflreats, now by you delivered, are truly and carefully made up and ' i examined, and that all Fines, Blues, Amerciaments, Recognizances, and Forfeitures, which were set, lost, imposed, or forfeited, and in Right and due Cotirfe of Law ought to be eflreated in the Court of Exchequer, are, to the befl of your Knowledge and Understanding, therein contained; and that in the same Eflreats are also contained and expressed all such Fines as have been paid into the Court, from which the said Eflreats are made, without any wilful or fraudulent Discharge, Omission, Misnomer, or Defect

So help you God

Which said Oath the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any of them, are and is hereby required and empowered to administer from Time to Time accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made at the Session of Parlia 22 & 23 Car. ment Held in the said two and twentieth and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of the late King continued Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the 'or 7 Years Plantation Trade, which by an Act made in the first Year of the late King James Was enacted to have sn/'hervby' Continuance from the first Day of the then present Session of Parliament, for seven Years, and from thence farther conti to the End of the next Session of Parliament, shall by Virtue of this Act, continue, and shall be in Forcenued for Veals, for the Space of seven Years from the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety r, C r rfetu, J two, and from thence to the End of the hext Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of the late.

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation; which 19 Car, 2. C 12, Act in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second was enacted to be in Force from thea'j0ut assigniag first Day of the then present Session of Parliament, and to continue for seven Years, and from thence to ordersf^cc — the End of the next Session of Parliament, is hereby continued, and shall be in Force for the Space of

seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence a. C 17. §9. to the End of the next Session of Parliament. EXPAND fanhei cou

And whereas an Act made at the Session of Parliament held in the said two and twentiethtmuej for 7

with 1 a Car. r, C 4. by 5 Geo.

years.

and three and twen ieth Years of the Reign of the said late King Charles me uaumi, uniuucu)n&, Car,

An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the dl/lurbance of Seamen and others, and to preservec. 23." about'

K the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal, with same Alterations and Additions, was by an Act Sea men ms rht

made in the first Year of the late King James the Second enacted to be in Force from the firllnjvy S: ores

s Day of the then present Session of Parliament, for seven Years, 'and from thence to the End of the hjj

3y

first

532 C 24. Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1692.

12. farther continued for 7 Years,

' first Session of the next parliament be it enacted, That the said last mentioned Act be continued, and shall be in Force for the Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

IX. And whereas an Act was made at the said Session of Parliament held in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled An alto prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield and elsewhere, which was thereby to continue in Force from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy one, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act, being expired, was aft rw '.rdsj by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the' Second, enacted to bein Force from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: Nevertheless it w: s thereby provided. That neith.rthe said Act, nor anything therein contained, should extend to Saiefmen' or Factors employed by Farmers or Feeders Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, together with the said Proviso, shall continue and be in Force for the Space of seven Years from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from theme unto the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

EXP.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the first: Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, C 33._aboui: Ex j or better preventing the Exportation of jvooil, and encouraging the woollen Manufacture of this

wool^conti Kingdom, and every Clause, Article, and Thing therein contained (other than and except such Part of nud for years, the said Act as relates to the free Exportation of the woollen Manufacture) shall be and is hereby continued, 7w.5. C i8, and shall be in Force for the Term of three Years, from the thirteenth day of February one thousand t) W. C 40. six hundred ninety-two, and front thence to the' End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Wool not to be

imported from Ireland to Exeter.

22 & 23 Car. 2. C 19. about buying Cattle in, Smithfield, con( ( by 1 Jac.

2. C 17. §. 10, 1 farther coni nued for 7 Years. Exp.

See 11 & 12 W.

3. C 13.

5 Anna?, C 34.

7 Anna?, C 6.

1 W. & M. (T. 1.

13 & 14 Car. 2. C is. for Relief < of the Poor, conc tinned by 1 Jac. C 2. C 17. and farther confi rtiied by 3 & 4 C Wt MC. 1 t. C continued for 7 C Years longer. Made perpetual by 12 Anna?, 6 stat, 1, C i3.

Provided always, That no Wool shall be imported from the Kingdom of Ireland into the Port of Exeter, anything in this Act, or in any former Act, Statute, or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was enacted to have Continuance (except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) until the twenty-ninth Day of May one thousand LIX hundred sixty five, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament; which said Act, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James (except as to what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and constituted thereby) was enacted to be in Force from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and so to continue for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament the said laid mentioned Act (as to what th rein related to the Settlement of the Poor) was enacted to be in Force from the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety one, but no Provision was thereby made 6 for continuing of diverse' other Parts of the said Act, which by Experience are found to be useful and beneficial to the Public Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, as to all Parts thereof not mentioned and continued in and by the said Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament (other than and except what relates to the Corporations mentioned in the said Act for the better Relief of ihepoorof this Kingdom, and thereby constituted) shall be continued, and shall be in Force for the Space of seven Years from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

30 Car; a. flat,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the thirtieth Year of 7. C 7. about the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Exe recovery ng.ur.it Cutors and Adminij. ra tors of Executors in their ovon t Prong; which said Act, in the first Year of the Reign of continued teat: e King James the Second, was enacted to be in force from the first Day of the then present Session by 1 jac. z. C of Parliament, and to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the then

17, §.74. hereby next Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued and made perpetual. And forasmuch as it hath been a

made perpetual. Doubt whether the said Act did extend to any Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of Devafamt any j?xecutor or administrator of Right, who for want of Privity in Law were not before answerable, nor bf ri«ht!cuters could be sued for the Debts due from or by the first Testator or Intestate. notwithstanding that such Executors or Administrators had wasted the Goods and Estate of the first Testator or Intestate, or converted'

the same to his or their own Use: Remedy whereof be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Executor and Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such Executor or Administrator of Right, who shall waste or convert to his own Use, Goods, Chattels, or Estate of his Testator or Intestate, shall from henceforth be liable and chargeable in the same Manner as his or their, Testator or Intestate should or might have been; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. WM. '

XIII. And whereas by an Act made at the last Session oft is present Parliament, intituled An'all to

C 9. continued < (nvay Clergy from same Offenders, and to bring others to Pwujhm, nt, it was enacted, in cases where a 4 Man, being convicted of Felony, might demand the Benefit of his Clergy, a Woman convicted for such like Offence, and praying the Benefit of that Statute, should not have Judgement of Death given against her upon such Conviction, or Execution awarded upon any Outlawry for Inch Offence, but should fuller the same Punishment as a Man who hath the Benefit of his Clergy in the like Case should fufter: And whereas some Doubt hath arisen upon the said Statute, whether a Woman should have the Benefit thereof more than once Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Woman hath been, or at any Time hereafter shall be, convicted of any Felony, for which a Man might have the 2 - Benefit.

for 3 Years. Made perpetual by 6 & 7 W. 3. C 14.

Women only to have Benefit of Clergy once.

Benefit of Clergy, and upon her Prayer hath once had, or hereafter shall, once have, the Benefit of themndcpcrpctmi Isaid siacute, and shall be again convicted of any other Felony, for which a Man might have the Benefit of D137 V 3 his Clergy, such Woman itiall be, and is hereby totally excluded from having any Benefit or Advantage ofc'i4'*'

the said Statute, but shall suffer Pains of Death in inch and the same Manner as if the said Statute had [not Men made. And be it further enacted, That the said laid mentioned Add shall continue and be in CC for the Space of three Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety wo, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament and no longer.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Add made at the Scilion of Par

fune one thousand six hundred eighty-five, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of C 17. §.15, the next Session of Parliament; Be it enacted by the Authority aforei aid, That the said Add be continuedrommued ioi and shall be in Force for the Space of one Year, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand ftxonc or scr'

hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the next scfiic n of parliament, and no longer.

EXP.

1 XV. And whereas a certain Add made at the Session of Parliament held in the fifteenth and seventeenth r6 & '7 Car yeats of the Reign of the 1 Ate King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for returning of able and fuss c. 3'

dent 'Jurors, is expired Be it enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That ail Jurors (other than Strangers upon Trials per Msdictatem Eirgtuc) who are to be returned for Trials of Blues joined in any of the Coitus of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or before Justices of Assize, or Nijiprius, Oyer and hav "'lj" Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or General 'quarter sdtions of the Peace, from and after the firfd Day of May Ann. one thousand six hundred ninety three, in any County of this Realm of England, shall every of them 13 Ed. ic. have in their own Name, or in Trust for them, within the same County, ten rounds by the Year at Ieaft21 Ed. r: tbove Reprizes, of Freehold or Copyhold Lands or Tenements, or of Lands and Tenements of ancient deme.fn, orin Rents, or in all or any of the said Lands, tenements.or. Rents, in See ample, fee tail, ch jorou pr for the Life of themselves, or some other Person: that in every County of the Dominion of Walts, ei per Ann. very fuel; Juror shall then have within the same County six Pounds by the Year atleafd, in Manner aforesaid above Reprizes. All which Persons, having such Estates as aforesaid, are hereby, enabled.arid made liable to be returned and serve as Jurors for the Trial of Issues before the' Courts' and justices aforesaid; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And if any of a lesser Estate and Value shall be respectively returned upon any such Jury, it shall be a good Cauls of Challenge, and the Party returned shall be discharged upon the said Challenge, or upon his own Oath of the Truth of thedaid Matter.

And that no Juryman's Issues, making Default, shall be laved, butby special Order of the Court or Judges

Judges; and all such If: from and after the Ti

aforesaid, within any County of England fli 11 be after this Form

REX, be. prsecipimus, be. quod venire fac' col'am, be. Duodectm liberos b legales homines de Vici form of Venire, neto de A. quor' quilibet habeat Decem librae' Terras, Tenementor' vel Reddituum per Annum ad jmiilus, 'per quos, be. b qui nee, C

the residue of the said Writ shall be after the ancient Manner; and that the Writs, which shall be awarded and directed for the returning of Juries, within the Dominion of ival s, shall be made in the same Manner, altering only the W ord Decern for Sex; and that upon every such Writ or Writs of Venire facias the Sheriff, Coroner, and other Ministers of each respective County in England and Wales, unto whom the making of the Panel shall appertain, shall not return in any such Panel any Person, unless he shall. then have ten Pounds, or six Pounds, respectively by the Year at lead, as aforesaid, in the same County where the Blue is to be tried; upon pain to forfeit for every Person being returned in any such Panel, that shall not then have ten Pounds or six Pounds reflectively, as aforesaid, the Suin' of five Pounds to their Majesties, their Heirs, and Successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff or Bailiff of any Liberty or Franchise, 'or.any of their or either of their Ministers, shall return any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to have been summoned by them, or any of them, unless such Person and Persons shall have been duly summoned by the Space of six Days at the lenft, ba orc the Day on which they ought to make their Appearance; nor shall directly or indirectly take Money or other Reward to excuse the Appearance of any Juror, by any of them to be summoned or returned, upon pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds toi their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors.'r -: --

XVII. Saving nevertheless to all Cities, Boroughs, and towns corporate, their ancienc Usage of ret turning Jurors of lueh Estate, and in such Manner, as heretofore has been used and accustomed; anything In this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful to return any Person to serve upon the Tales in any County within the Kingdom of England', who shall have within the same County five Pounds by the Year, above Reprizes, in Manner aforesaid, and not otherwise.

Pena ity upon' Sheriff otherwise returning

Penalty upon Sheriff returning, without six Da) 3 Summons, or excusing fer Reward.

Boroughs, C excepted.

tales*5l. per Ann.

34 C I, 2.

Anno quinto guglielmi

A.D. 1693.

Welsh Tales 3l. per Ann.

10l. Penalty upon Officer taking See for returning any Tales.

ttfon ponend* graniable upon Oath only.

Act to continue three Years, as to Return of Jurors.

See 7 & 8 W. 3, f. 32. 3 Gey, zt

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful to return any Person to serve upon the Tales in any County within the Dominion of Wales, who shall have within the same County three rounds by the Year, above Reprises, in Manner aforesaid, and not otherwise.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Reward whatsoever shall be taken by any Sheriff, Clerk of Assizes, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, for the returning of any Tales, or upon the Account of any Tales returned, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, whereof one Moiety to be to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Ufa of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Writ de non ponendis in Affifis & Juratis shall be hereafter granted, unless upon Oath made, that the Suggestions upon which the said Writ is granted are true.

XXII. And be it enacted that so much of this present at as does relate to the returning of Jurors, shall be in Force for the Space of three Years, from the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety three, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, ffarther continued by 0 Geo. 1. c. 8. §.2.]

C 25. 4 G. 2« 7. 6 G. 2. C 37, 24 G, 2. C 18. 29 G. 2. C 19. which provide farther for the Qualifications, of Jurors,

CAP. XXV.

An act for continuing the Abh for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with Trance, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

[1 W. & M. Self, i. Cap. 34. continued by 2 W. & M. Self. 2. Cap. 14. continued for three Years longer. J

De annisregni GUGLIELMI & MARINE quinto & sexto

AT the Parliament begun ixwefhrtinster the twentieth Day of March Anno Dorn, r68g, in the second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and lady, WILLIAM and MARY, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland', King and Queen, Defenders of the Faith, C

from thence continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the fevejith Day of November ' 1693, being the fifth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. L

EXP. An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against avwftf, -

CAP. 1l

An Act for repealing such Parts of several former Acts, as prevent or prohibit the Importation of Foreign Brandy, Aqua Vila, and other Spirits., and Bacon, except from France.

' IX/'H. ereas by one Act of Parliament made in the fourth and fifth Vfcars of their Majesties Reigni 4 & jw. & M, C y, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional bnpositions upon several Goods and e' ' Merchandizes for the prof editing the present War again France, the Commons assembled in Parliament,

among other Duties and Charges by the said Act granted to their Majesties upon Goods and Merchan 1

dizes imported after the first Day of Match one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and before the first

of March one thousand six hundred ninety six, id grant to their Majesties for every Gallon of 5 Strong Waters, Aqua Vita, or Brandy, commonly called, Single Brandy, or Strong Waters, imported

' within the said Time, to be paid by the Importer before landing, two Shillings, over and above the Du

of Excise and Customs, at any Time before the second Year of their Majesties Reign payable for the same j and for every Gallon of Strong Waters, Spirits, or Brandy above Proof, called Double Bran

*imported, within the said Time, to be paid by, the Importer before landing, four Shillings, over and

above the Duties of Excise and Customs at any Time before the second ytear of their. Majesties Reign

4 & 5 W. & M.*payable for the same; and by one other Act in the fdme Year made, intituled, An Act for granting to

*3*their majesliis: certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Re

and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten

hundred thousand Pounds towards tarrying on the War against France, the said Commons did grant to their

A.D. 1693. Anno quinto Guli elm 1 & Ma r ive. C 3. 535

' Majesties for every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the importer before landing, _ over and above all other Duties payable for the same, six i'enccj and for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy,

' imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above all other Du

' tics payable for the same, one Shilling: Which Grant, contrary to the intention of the said Commons,

' became ineffectual to their Majesties; that all Importation or Brandy was, by one Act of Parliament made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce i W. & M.

' with France, prohibited to be imported into England and Ireland, and the Dominions and Islands therein<= 34- named from and after the four and twentieth Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty ninefor Remedy whereof, and that the Revenue arising by the said Grants may be for the fpture answered to their Majesties, according to the Purport of the said fi.ft recited Acts,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Clause in the said Act for prohibiting of all Trade and Comrherce

with France, in these_w^rds (that is to say) ' And be it further enacted, That no Sort of Brandy, of 1 vr.

1 Vita, or other Spirits, or dillilled Waters, of any Kingdom, Country, or Place what foe ver, ihr.il, after M

' the said four and twentieth Day of August, be imported into the Kingdoms of England, or Ireland afore 44 §?. prohi

' said, Dominions or Islands aforesaid, under Pain of Forfeiture thereof, as also of the Ship or Vessel ^t'n3eledr'n'j>'

' wherein the same shall be imported, 'is, and shall be by virtue of this Act, from the first Day of this present Session of Parliament, repealed; anything in the said Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, i hat the Duties of two Shillings and four Shillings a Gallon Custom oa upon Single Brandy and Double Brandy respectively imposed by the said first recited Act, above the Du Bundy. ties of Excise and Customs at any Time before the second Year of their Majesties Reign payable for the same, was thereby intended, and shall be construed to extend to such Duties as were then payable for the same, by any Statute then in Force, and not otherwise; that no Sort of Brandy, Aqua Vita, or other Spirits, shall be imported from France into this Kingdom, or any of the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, by virtue of this Act, other than as the same is provided and enacted to be imported by one

Act of this present Parliament, made in the said fourth and fifth Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, £ 5 '

An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

IV. And whereas there was further granted to their Majesties, by the said first recited Act, four pencecustom upon for every Pound of Bacon imported within the Time limited by the said Act, which could not be an Bacenimponed fwered to their Majesties, because the Importation of Bacon is prohibited by one Act of Parliament '*' '

' made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act against s cir. 2. C 2.

importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners: And by one other Act made in the twentieth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled An additional Act againjl7 0 Car 7» ' the Importation of Foreign Cattle: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of fourpence

for every Pound of Bacon imported, granted to their Majesties by the said Act, shall be paid and answered to their Majesties from the first Day of this present Session of Parliament, for and during the Continuance of the said Act; anything in the said recited Acts of the eighteenth and twentieth of the said king Charles the Second, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk. exp.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for 2w.&m.ir, r, W the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silt, among!: other Things in the said Act contained, C esp"

the bringing in of Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Italy, Sicily, or the Kingdom of Naplesr is prohibited, unless imported in such Ships and Vessels, and navigated in such Mannerr as in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the En 12 car. c.i3t 4 couragement and increasing of the Shipping and navigation, is directed or allowed, and brought from some of the Ports of those Countries or Places whereof the same is of the Growth or Production, and which shall come directly by Sea, and not otherwise: whereas by the Act of Navigation, Italian and Si

cilian Thrown Silk may be brought from any Port or Place of Europe, and that it hath been found by Experience, that the Importation of Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Silk, by the Ways prescribed by the said recited Act (in regard of the great Difficulties and Hazard occasioned by the present War with France) is greatly prejudicial, and if longer continued will endanger the Loss of the Silk Manufactory of this Nation, C

Italian Silk may be imported, Coarse Silk, See, not to be imported. Penalty, All Italian Silk must be brought to the custom house, London,

C A &.

536 C 4, 5-

Anno quinto Gulujlmi 6c Marine. A.D. 1693.

3-! & 35 H. 8. =6. §55-

King tnnv no minate any Number of fu slices in Wales.

Farther prcvfji arts rrfpe&hig.

mus, 7 & tr.

3. C 38. II

CAP. IV.

An act to repeal a Clause in the Statute made in the four and thirtieth and five and thirtieth Years of King Henry the Eighth, by which Justices of Peace in Wales are limited to eight in each County.

WHEREAS in a Statute made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth Years of the Reign of King. Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's majesty's Dominion and £ Principality of Wales, there is a Clause or Article contained in these Word, that is to say, "Item, "That there shall not exceed the Number of Eight Justices of the Peace in any of the said Shires, over "and besides the President, Council, and Justices aforesaid, and the King's Attorney and Solicitor; tc which President, Council, Justices, and the King's Attorney and Solicitor, shall be put in every Com "of Peace, in every of the said Twelve Shires And whereas the Law contained in this Clause or Article is by Experience found to be inconvenient

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by. Authority of the same, That the said Clause or Article be from henceforth absolutely repealed and vacated to all Intents and Purposes; that it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, by Commission under the Great Seal of England, to constitute, nominate, and appoint, from Time to Time, any such Number of Persons to be Justices of Peace, in any of the said Counties of Wales, as they shall think fitting and convenient, according to such Ways and Methods as are commonly used for the constituting, nominating, and appointing, of Justices of the Peace in and for any County of England; and that the Persons so constituted, nominated, and appointed, shall have Power and Authority to act and to do any Manner of Thing pertaining to the Office of a justice of Peace, in as large and ample Manner as any Justice or Justices of Peace within the Dominon of Wales might or ought to have done before the making of this Act; any Law, Statute, Usage or Ordinance, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

12, IF. 3. C 9. 8 Geo. 1. c. 25, 6 Geo. 2. c. 14, and 20 Geo. 2. c. 42.

S

CAP. V.

An a&to supply the Deficiency of the Money raised by a former at, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors', for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying.on the ivar against France.

WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carry ing on the ivar against France, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for any Persons, Natives or

Foreigners to contribute towards the advancing the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds for the Purposes therein mentioned, by paying into their Majesties Fveceipt of Exchequer such Sum or Sums of mo-15 ney, at such Times, and upon such Terms respectively, as in the said Act are particularly mentioned and expressed: whereas the several Sums paid in upon the said Add by the several Contributors did and

do in the whole amount but to the Sum of eight hundred eighty one thousand four hundred ninety three.*Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence We your Majesties most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being sensible of the great and necessary Expenses, in which your Majesties are engaged for carrying on the present war against the French King, and being desirous to supply the

Barn, V i. 336. fiftne in such Manner as may be least grievous to your Majesties Subjects, do beseech your Majesties that it may be. enacted:

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons, Natives or Foreigners, to contribute towards the advancing the Sum of one hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and six Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence, to make up the whole Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds by the said recited Act intended to be advanced, by. paying into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, at any Time before the first Day (amay one thousand six hundred ninety four, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and six Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence, upon the Terms following; (that is to say,) That every such Person, out of the Rates and Duties of Excise granted by the said recited Act, shall have and receive, for every Sum of one hundred Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid, a yearly Annuity, Rent, or Payment of fourteen

14l. percent for Life, for every 100l. advanced.

C 5- 537

Pounds of lawful English Money, and proportionally for a greater Sum, for and during the Life of such Person so advancing or paying the same, or during any other Lite to be nominated by the Person advancing or paying any such Sum as aforesaid, the same to be nominated within six Days after Payment of such Sum; which yearly Annuities, Rents, or Payments, hall commence from the four and twentieth Day of June next ensuing, and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Fcafts of the Year, that is to say, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John buptljl, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, by even and equal Portions; and every Person, on Payment of any such Sum or Sums as aforesaid, hall immediately have one or more 'I'ally or pal lies, importing the Receipt of the Consideration Moneys, and Orders for the Payment of the said Annuities bearing the same Date with the Tally; the said Tallies to be levied, and the said Orders to be hgned, in the same Manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned touching Tallies and Orders to be given to the Contributors for Annuities upon the said Act, and the said Orders not to be determinable, revocable, or countermand able, as touching the forementioned Orders in the said recited Act is enacted; which said Or Orders tr.ir.f ders LI ail he assignable and transferable in such and the same Manner, as is mentioned in the said recitedlcrrjble act, touching Orders given to the Contributors in the said Act mentioned; and all the Rates and Duties by ii.ines ippro the said recited Act granted, over and besides so much as shall bear Proportion, at the Rates in the said Act vriated for mentioned, to the whole Sum of eight hundred eighty one thousand four hundred ninety three Pounds lament, fourteen Shillings and twopence, already advanced by the Contributors upon the said recited Act, are and shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated, to and for the Payment of the said Annuities, yearly Rents, or Sums, after the Rate of fourteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for every hundred Pounds to be advanced as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under the like Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Disabilities, in respect to all and every the Officers and other Persons in the said recited Act mentioned, as are in the said Act appointed and enacted, in case of diverting or misapplying any Part

of the Moneys which ought to be paid to the Contributors upon the said Act; and the said Officers are here regiffer tobs

by required to keep Books and Registers, and make Entries of the Names of all Persons who shall advance

any Moneys before the said first Day of May as aforesaid, and of the several Sums so advanced, and the

Times of paying in the same _ respective] y, and the Names of such Persons for whose Lives the several

Annuities or yearly Payments are to be payable, without Fee or Reward, in such Manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned; to which Books all Persons concerned shall have Access, as in the said Act also

is directed; all which the said Officers are to do and perform, under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, Penalty.

and Disabilities, as in the said recited Act are mentioned: And every Person who hall advance and pay In, crea hetwint

any such Sum as aforesaid, before the first Day of May as aforesaid, shall receive out of the Money granted Ma? aiki Junc*

by the said recited Act, for all Money so advanced by him and paid, from the respective Days of Payment

unto the four and twentieth Day of June as aforesaid, Interestat the Rate of ten rounds per Centum per Annum.

Jent fice

III. And be it further enacted, That any Moneys payable to any Person or Persons, upon or by virtue Money

of this Act, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Rates, Duties, or Impositions whatsoever: And j°m, liae5\ in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties of Ex tl' "

cife, at the End of any Year during the i erm of ninety-nine Years granted therein by the said former

Act, after making all the Payments which by this, or the said former Act, are appointed to be paid or satisfied within the same Year, or reserving Money for the same, such Surplus or Remainder shall be to the Use of th. ir Majesties, their Heirs and Successors.

IV. And to make the Payment of the Annuities more easy to the several Contributors upon this and thecertific.ne of before recited Act, both upon the Terms of survivoritwp, and the Annuity of fourteen Pounds per Centum; Nominee's Life. Be it enacted, That every Contributor upon this or the former Act, his, or her Executors, Administrators,

or Assigns, upon their demanding any half yearly or quarterly Payment of his, her, or their respective Shares of either of the said Funds (unless the Nominee appear in Person at the said Receipt) shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her, or their respective Nominee, signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be then living, as by the said recited Act is appointed, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for every Contributor, his or her Executors, ad ministrators or Assigns, at his, her or their Election, to make Oath of the Truth of his, her, or their respective nominee's Life, upon the Day when the said Payments shall become due, before any one or more Justices of the Peace of the respective County, Riding, City, Town, or Place wherein such Person at the Time of making the said Oath shall reside (which Oath he or they are hereby empowered to administer) and the said Justice or Justices shall make a Certificate thereof, for which Oath and Certificate no See or Reward shall be required; and the said Certificates shall be filed in the said Office of Receipt of the Exchequer: And if any Person shall be guilty of a false Oath, or forging any Certificate, touching the Pre penajt) on

milies, and be thereof lawfully convicted, he hall incur the Pains and Penalties to be inflidtecl upon Per Petjuiy and fons who commit wilful Perjury or Forgery: And in case any Nominee shall at the Time of such Demand forging of - be resident in Scotland, or beyond the Seas, and any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being shall certify, that upon Proof to him or them made (which Proof he and they is and are here ° by authorised and required to take in a summary Way) it doth seem probable to him or them, that the said Abfcace. Nominee is living (which Certificate is to be given, and Examination made, without Fee or Charge) the said Certificate, being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said Quarterly Payment to the respective Contributors or Advancers, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns: if Vol. III 3z any

538 C. 6. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mari, A.D. 1694.

[Penalty on receiving after Nominee's Death.]

any Person or Persons shall receive one or more quarterly Payments upon his, her or their Annuity or Annuities for any Time beyond the Death of his, her, or their Nominee, when the same ought to cease, such Person or Persons shall forfeit treble the Value of the Moneys so by him, her or them received; the one Half thereof to their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, and the other Half to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action, Suit, Bill, or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

---

[Provision for those that have not named any Life.]

V. And whereas several Persons, who did contribute, advance, or pay several of the Sums of Money which have been contributed, advanced, or paid upon the said recited Act, for Shares, Dividends, Annuities, or other Benefits in the said Act mentioned respectively, as well upon the Benefit of Survivorship, as upon the yearly Annuities of fourteen Pounds per Centum, did not name to the Auditor of the Receipt, or Clerk of the Pells in the Receipt of the Exchequer, by or within the respective Times by the said Act appointed, the respective Lives, during which such Dividends, Shares, Annuities, or other Benefits respectively were to continue; It is hereby further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Persons or any of them, shall at any Time or Times before the first Day of March next, nominate to the Auditor of the Receipt, or the Clerk of the Pells in the said Exchequer, the respective Lives (their own or others) during which such Dividends, Shares, Annuities, or other Benefits, should continue respectively, that then and in every such Case his, her, or their Nominees shall be entered in the Books kept in the said Receipt for the Nominees; and every such Contributor or Contributors, his, her and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intituled to have, receive and enjoy, such and the like Dividends, Shares, Annuities and other Benefits, for and in respect of the Moneys so contributed, advanced or paid, as he, she, or they might, should or ought to have had, received or enjoyed, in case the respective Lives for the same had been named within the respective Times by the said Act prescribed; anything in this or the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Surplus not to be charged with Pensions, &c.]

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, appointed by the said ab to be to the Use of their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Gift, Grant, or Pension whatsoever; that all and every Grant and Grants of any such Pensions shall be and is hereby declared to be utterly void; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Grants are or shall be passed, shall be and are hereby made Accountants unto their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, and shall pay back all Sums of Money received by Pretence of such Grants, and the Court of Exchequer is hereby required to issue out Process accordingly.

CAP. VI.

An act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines.

WHEREAS by a Clause in one at of Parliament made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign,

[1 W. & M. ss. 1. c. 30.]

intituled An act to repeal the Statute made in the fifth Year of King Henry the Fourth, against the multiplying of Gold and Silver, it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Mine of Tin, Copper, Iron, or Lead, shall hereafter be adjudged, reputed or taken to be a Royal Mine, although Gold or Silver may he extracted out of the same: But notwithstanding the good Provision by the said Statute to prevent the discouraging their Majesties good Subjects, who have Mines of Copper, Tin, Iron, or Lead in their Soils, from digging and opening the same, many Doubts and Questions have arisen upon the said Statute, whereby great Suits and Troubles have arisen to many Owners and Proprietors of such Mines; wherefore for the better Explanation of the said Statute,

[Owners of Mines shall enjoy them.]

II. Be it enacted and declared by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons, being Subjects of the Crown of England, Bodies Politic or Corporate, that now are or hereafter shall be the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Mine or Mines within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, wherein any Ore now is, or hereafter shall be discovered, opened, sound or wrought, and in which there is Copper, Tin, Iron or Lead, shall and may hold and enjoy the same Mine or Mines and Ore, and continue in the Possession thereof, and dig and work the said Mine or Mines or Ore, notwithstanding that such Mine or Mines or Ore shall be pretended or claimed to be a Royal Mine or Royal Mines; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[The King may have the Ore on the Rates following.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, and all claiming any Royal Mines under them, shall and may have the Ore of any such Mine or Mines in any Part of the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed (other than Tin Ore in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall) paying to the Proprietors or Owners of the said Mine or Mines wherein such Ore is or shall be found, within thirty Days after the said Ore is or shall be raised and laid upon the Banks of the said Mine or Mines, and before the same be removed from thence, the Rates following (that is to say) For all Ore washt, made clean, and merchantable, wherein is Copper, the Rate of sixteen Pounds per Tonne; and for all Ore washt, made clean, and merchantable, wherein there is Tin, the Rate of forty Shillings per Tonne; and for all Ore washt, made clean, and merchantable, wherein there is Iron, the Rate of forty Shillings per Tonne; and for all Ore washt, made clean, and merchantable,

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. C 7. 539

where there is Lead, the Rate of nine Pounds per Tonne. And in Default of Payment of such respective Sums as aforesaid, it shall and may he lawful for the Owners and Proprietors of the said Mine or Mines, wherein such Ore is, are, or shall be found, to sell and dispose of the said Ore to his and their own Uses; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[The Tinners Charters, &c. saved.]

IV. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall alter, determine, or make void the Charters granted to the Tinners of Devon and Cornwall, by any of the Kings and Queens of this Realm, or any of the Liberties, Privileges, or Franchises of the said Tinners, or to alter, determine or make void the Laws, Customs, or Constitutions of the Stannaries of Devon or Cornwall, or any of them.

[See 9 Ann. c. 24. for the Regulation of mine Adventurers.]

CAP. VII

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

Most Gracious Sovereigns,

---

WE your Majesties most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being sensible of the great and necessary Expense in which your Majesties are engaged for carrying on the present War against the French King; and being desirous to supply the same in such Manner as may be lea ft grievous to your Majesties Subjects: for the Encouragement of such Persons, who shall

voluntarily contribute to the advancing and paying into your Majesties Exchequer, towards carrying on the said War, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, upon the respective Terms and Recompenses hereafter mentioned, we your Majesties said loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, have given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto your Majesties, the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, for and during the several Terms herein after expressed; do beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted:

And be it enacted by the King's and queenymost Excellent Majesties, by the Advice and consentrafes "p°n Salt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority ofjv.t1 ear!y the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety four, of^/ivionv, 011 there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon tear, ted by this Tweed, raised, levied, collected and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, until the seven aa see9 & 10 teenth Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and no w C 34 longer, for Salt, the Rates and Duties following, (that is to say) Z /&gw "t

III. For every Gallon of Salt, not being of the Product or Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, d 11. Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, imported or to be imported from and after the Foreign Salt

said five and twentieth Day of March into the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and town3d p rgallon, of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of threepence of lawful Money of England, to be paid by the importer^dblt, on j " thereof, over and above the present Duties now payable for Salt imported, and after that Rate for a great w.? cr or lelter Quantity. And for every Gallon of Salt and rock salt, made at the saltworks, or taken outi, 3, & 4

of any Pits, within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Home s.rlt id. the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity. 2s

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty hereby seton all foreign and dut3' "ff15 fc imported Salt shall be from Time co Timefatisfied and paid by the Merchant or Merchants, Importer or?" s "|jv'hel5 Importers of the same, in ready Money, upon his or their Entry or Entries made, and before the laiidingexplafned by thereof; and that in case any foreign cr imported Sait shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Sh: p ory&s w. 3. C Vessd from beyond the Seas, before due Entry be made thereof with the Collector or Officer appointed or3j §43- bac to be appointed for the find Duty on Salt, in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, or before -- r the Duty hereby imposed be fully satisfied and paid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering, ^, 'such imported Salt first signed by the Hand of the said Colledicr or Officer for the said Duty on Salt induty on Foreign the said Port and Place respectively, that all such imported sr.lt, as shall be landed, put on Shore, or deli sah, ty 3 Geo. vered, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, C IO, 'L and shall be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, in Manner as is herein after provided: northeast y'^j, vettheless, that all and every Person importing any Salt into this Kingdom, for which the aforesaid Duty Geo. 2. C

is payable by this Act, shall have six Months Tirfle for the Payment thereof from the Time of the Im thefefi Months portation, giving Security to the Person appointed to collect the same: And in case such Importer shall enlarged tog by

pay ready Money, he shall have after the Rate of ten per Centum per Annum out of the said Duty abated 3 Anns, C =-:

s 5-

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties on Salt shall from Time Managers of to Time be within the Receipt, Management, and Government of the chief Commissioners and cover this uu' V hors of the Receipt of Excise for the Time being, and that all Collectors and other Officers necessary for the ascertaining, collecting, or receiving of tyre said Duty upon S; lt, shall be constituted and appointed under

3 2 a the.

Recovery of Penalties, See

Entries of the Quantities.

Officers Warrant to temove Salt,

Rebate on prompt Payment.

Penalty for Salt conveying without Warrant.

540 C 7. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners and Governors of the Receipt of excise for the Time being, or the Major Part of them; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for, recovered, levied, and received, or mitigated, by the same Means, Rules, Ways, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is to be lued for or recoverable, or is mentioned, expressed, or directed to be reco 12 Car. 2. C 24. vered, in and by one act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and Jcttling a Revenue on his Majesty in lieu thereof \ or by any other Law or Statute now in Force relating to the Revenue of Excise; and that as fully and amply to all Intents as if the several Clauses in the said Acts, or any of them, contained, were herein re enacted or repeated.

VI. And be it enacted, That all Makers and Proprietors of Salt, and rock salt, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall from Time to Time make true Entries with the said Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid. Tome or one of them, of the Quantities of Salt so by them made, or taken out of any Pit or Pits, and delivered or imported as aforesaid, and flail likewise have a Warrant or Ticket, under the Hand and Seal of some one of the said Officers, empower ing such Maker or Proprietor of Salt to carry away the same, before such Time as the said Salt made or taken out of any Pit or Pits, within any the Places aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be removed or carried from the respective saltworks or Pus, under the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned, which said Warrant the said Officers are hereby required to give gratis unto the said Makers or Proprietors of such Salt, upon Payment, or giving Security for the Payment, of the Duties hereby granted, within six Months after such Entry made; which Security the said Commissioners and Officers are hereby authorised and required to accept upon such Entry as aforesaid. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons, at the Time of the Entry and Delivery of his or their Salt, shall pay down the Duty hereby imposed, such Person or Persons shall be allowed at the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Officers, so appointed, to seize all such Salt, which flail from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March be conveying or conveyed, by Day or by Night, either by Land or by Water, before due Entry be made of such Salt, without arrant, T, mket, or Licence, obtained from the Commissioners of the Duties granted by this Add, their Collectors or Officers, or some or one of them as aforesaid, for the conveying or carrying the said Salt. And the Salt that shall be so seized shall be brought to the Office appointed for these Duties, next adjoining to the Place where such Salt shall be so seized, there to be detained and kept; and in case the Salt so seized shall not be claimed by the true and lawful Owner thereof, or by one deputed under his or their Hand, within ten Days after Seizure, the said Salt shall be absolutely forfeited to their Majesties, and shall be sold the next general Day of Sale, to be appointed by the comif sioners, or their Officers respectively, after the said Days are expired; the one Moiety or half Part of the Proceed thereof (all necessary Charges being first deducted out of the whole) to be paid to the Use of their Majesties, and the other Moiety or half Part to be paid to the Party or Parties who seized the same: And in case such Salt so seized shall be claimed within ten Days, by the true and lawful Owner thereof, or by one deputed thereunto under his Hand, and if the said Owner or Claimer shall nevertheless neglect, or refuse to make it appear before the next. Justice of Peace of the County where such Seizure shall be made,

Further Penalty by the Oath of one or more credible witnesses (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to ad by Z 3 Anna;, ininifier) that the said Salt so seized was or had been duly entered, and a Warrant, Ticket, or Licence obtained for the Carrying and conveying the same as aforesaid, that then the said Salt shall likewise be forfeited to their Majesties, to be sold and disposed of as aforesaid; every Person who shall carry or convey, or cause any Salt to be carried and conveyed, before due Entry be made, and Warrant or Licence obtained as aforesaid, shall likewise forfeit to their Majesties double the Value of such Salt so carried or conveyed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Retailer or Shopkeeper shall be permitted to Ship any Salt to be sent to any Port within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, before he hath made it appear by Oath, or otherwise, before the Commissioners for collecting of the said Duties granted by this Actor their Officers, or some, or one of them, that the Duty of such Salt is paid, or secured to be paid, or that it was bought of some other Retailer or Shopkeeper that hath paid the Duty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Mailer and Commander of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, th, t from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March shall transport or carry any Salt, or rock salt from one Port to another, within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall (before he or they have any Warrant for the landing or delivering of such Salt, by him transported and carried on Shore in any Port) deliver to the Officers for coljedting the said Duties granted by this Act, in the said Port appointed ter receive the same, a true Particular of the Quantity' so transported and carried as aforesaid, signed by the Officers for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act, and by the Officers of the Customs of the Port from whence the find Ship or Vessel came; and that

. then the Matter or his Mate, or the Boatswain of such Ship or vessel flail make Oath before the Commis

arecniv CD b*or collecting the said Duties granted by this Actor their Officers, some, or one of them. That Geo. v c'isf 5 to his Knowledge there hath not been laid on beard, or taken into the said Ship or Vessel, any Salt, since §25. and ex he or they came from such Poit as aforesaid; in case such Ship or Vessel be to deliver one Part of her tended to Boats Salt at one Port, and another Part qt another Port or Ports, that then the Officers for collecting the said

Duties,

C 14. S.

Retailer not to convey Salt by Water, before Oath.

Mjfler of vef iu how to act.

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Marian C 7. 541

Duties and Officers of the customs, when such Part of the said Salt shall he delivered, hell certify on the»njeargcscjr backside of the Coquet, Transire, or other warrant, or else by Certificate alone, under the Hands and jj^saki oin Seals of the Officers, how much, and what Quantity of the Salt mentioned in the Coquet, Transire, or 'ers' other Warrant, front the Port from whence such Ship or Vefie! came, hath been there landed and delivered, upon the Penalty of forfeiting double the Value of the Salt that shall be otherwise delivered. And be Ticket to be it further enacted, That no See or Reward be had or taken for making, issuing, or granting any of the vcn eut; s tickets, Warrants, or Licences herein before mentioned, hut that the same he made, iltucd, and granted gratis.

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all such Fish, hereafter Reward to et mentioned, as shall be exported, during the Continuance of the Duty upon Salt, by this Act imposed, r°vct of certain from any Port or Place in this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, intofl1"'

Part beyond the Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Rates or Sums of Money hereafter expressed (that is to say) For every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, containing fifty Gallons, twelve Shillings, and so proportionably for a greater or lefi er Quantity: For every Barrel of white herrings two

Shillings and sixpence: For every Barrel of red herrings two Shillings: For every Barrel of Salmon

five Shillings: every hundred of cod fish, Ling, Conger, or Hake, fifteen Shillings, and so proportionably

for a greater or smaller Number or Quantity, shall be paid by the Officer appointed to collect the D .'ties upon Salt, payable by this Act, in the same Port from whence any such Fish shall be exported, how to e raid within thirty Days after Demand thereof, on a Debenture, to be prepared by the Collector of the Customs in the Port where such Fish shall be entered out for exportation, and verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Fish actually shipped; that the Oath of the Exporter or Agent be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port, before the Debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and empowered to give the said Oath, that the Fish in such Debenture mentioned were English taken, and really exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not intended to be relanded in England, Wales, or Berwick; for which Debenture no See or Reward shall be taken. And in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such Debenture, shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, then upon Certificate thereof by him made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the Party gratis) the principal Commissioners for managing their Majesties Revenue of Excise for the Time being shall be chargeable with the said Payment, to be made in Course out of the feld Money in their Hands arising out of the said Duties upon Salt; and any Officer neglecting or refusing to pay the said Money, or to give such certifieate as is here directed, shall forfeit double the Sum so to be paid to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Lffoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall"p*

export beyond the Seas any Salt, as well Foreign as English1>, or any Rock salt, the Officer of the Place tv' where the said Salt was made, taken out of Pits, or imported, and the Duty thereof paid or secured to hereof extend; .! be paid, shall upon Demand deliver gratis a Certificate under his Hand and Seal, that the Duty imposed by to Scotland, tb this Action such Salt hath been duly paid or secured to be paid, and then the Officer of the Place wherei(1: of Man, the Salt is exported, upon producing the said Certificate, and Oath made of hipping off the said Salt,

of its not being relanded in England or I Vales, shall give a Debenture under his Hand for Repayment of Anl v5 1

the said Duty, which being produced to the Officer of the Place where the Duty on the said Salt shall havec. 14. §9! been paid, or secured to be paid, such Security shall be discharged; and all and every Sum and Sums of

Money paid for the Duty of the said Salt shall be repaid upon Demand by the said Officer, without Fee or Reward.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace not concerned in making or selling Salt, j'lft ces shall let in every County, 'Riding, or Division of England, shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered atthcralerf S, lr' every Easter and Michaelmas quarter sessions, to set the Prices of all Salt and rock salt, to be sold by the

Maker or first Seller thereof in the said County, for the half Year next eiifuing, and that no Person or Persons, that shall be the Maker or first Seller of any Salt, shall sell the same for more than the Prices so set by the said Justices as aforesaid, over and above the Duty payable by virtue of this at, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence five Pounds, and double the Value of the Salt so sold, to be levied by di stress and Sale of the offender's Goods; the one Moiety thereof to be paid to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to th j Informer.

XIII. And be it enacted and declared, That all Salt imported or brought by Sea or Land into the Kingdom what shall bof England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and not of the Product of any of thefor ign said Places, shall be adjudged and deemed to be foreign Salt imported, and shall be charged as such tvilhsalt in>f0lted' the Duty of threepence per Gallon by this at granted, 'and that all Scotch Salt brought into England by

Land shall be entered at Carlisle or Berwick, with the Officer or Officers for that Purpose there to be appointed, ^under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of double the Value of such Salt so brought in.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of act Orths to be u 'ingas chief Commissioner for collecting the said Duties granted by this at, until he or they shall. ken qul, nu'

one of the Barons of the Exchequer, take the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the fullsss'*" 0 Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, 1. C 2, "

and appointing oqer Oaths, and the Oath following: -

Anno quinto Guglielmi &c Mariae.

A.D. 1694.

YOU shall swear to execute your Office truly and faithfully without Favour or Affection, and flial from Time to Time true Account make and deliver to such Person and Persons as their Majestiei hull appoint to receive the same, and shall take no See or Reward for the Execution of the said Office from any. other Person than from their Majesties, or to those whom their Majesties shall appoint on thai Behalf:

So help you God, 'C

XV. And be it likewise enacted, That no Person or Persons shall he capable of intermeddling with any Office or Employment relating to the said Duties granted by this Act, other than that of chief commissioner, until he or they shall (before two or more of the chief Commissioners for collecting the Duties granted by this Act, or before two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where they shall be appointed Officers for Execution of this Act) take the aforesaid Oaths appointed by the said Act, and the said other lait mentioned Oath, mutatis mutandis; and the said Barons of the Exchequer, and chief Commissioners for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act, and the said Justices are hereby im powered and required to administer the said Oaths.

Persons sued, for

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or Act m" lead pr°fecute<:,) for any I hing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they shall or genera^issue mr y pla the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence for his Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict

and have double shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuit, discontinue, or forbear Coils. prosecuting the said Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them

awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; for which Costs he shall have such Remedy as in other Cases Tvhere Costs are by Law given to defendants.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution 'or other Proceedings upon any Order or Orders made by the said chief Commissioners or Justices of Peace in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, For the ascertaining of all Measures where the said Duties are to b paid, That all Salt be measured by a Bushel of eight Gallons Winchester Measure, and by fit Measurers living upon the Place where the Salt is made, to be sworn and admitted by some Justice of Peace near adjoining, without Charge or See, upon Forfeiture of double the Value of the Salt that shall not be so measured.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Salt shall be delivered from any saltworks or Pits without Notice first given to the Officer appointed for that Purpose, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Salt so delivered, and, upon Pain of twenty Pounds to be forfeited by the Owner or Owners of the saltworks or Pits where such'

'shall be so delivered; the Moiety of which Forfeitures to be to the Use of the Prosecutors, and the other Moiety to the Use of there Majesties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Salt, for which the Duty shall have been repaid and discharged upon the Exportation thereof, as is herein before directed, shall (by Fraud or otherwise) he landed in England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, before the Duty be again paid, and such Entry and all other Things performed, as are herein before required in case where any foreign Salt is imported, every Person so offending shall forfeit double the Value of such Salt so landed, and such Other penalties and Forfeitures as are herein infiifted upon any Person who shall land any foreign Salt contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person, being a Subject of this Realm of England, shall during the Continuance of this Act, ship any Salt or rock salt, that hath paid the Duty to their Majesties by this Act imposed, to convey it by Sea to any Part of England, and the Vessel on which such Salt as aforesaid is slipped, shall either perish at Sea, or be taken by Enemies, with such Salt onboard her, that in such Case any Merchant, or Person, Owner of the said Salt, shall, Upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter sessions held for the County, Riding, division, or Town wherein he doth inhabit, of the Loss of such Salt so fhi'pt, receive from the 'laid Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them, and upon producing the said Certificate to any of their Majesties Officers appointed to collect the Duty by this Add imposed, the said Officer or Officers are hereby required to let such Persons buy the like Quantity of Salt, as is expressed in the Certificate to be lost, without paying to their Majesties any Duty or Excise for the same; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Owners and Proprietors of any salt rock, or rock salt, to remove and carry out of and from the Pits or Warehouses adjoining to or belonging to such Fits, into his or their Warehouses, or other Places for storing thereof, for Convenience of selling or shipping off the same, any of the said salt rock or rock salt, after due Entry made there. and a Warrant or Ticket taken for the same, from the Officer next to such salt pits, which Warrant Or Ticket the said Officer is hereby required, upon Demand, to give without Fee or Reward as aforesaid; and that the said Owners or Proprietors shall not be obliged to pay or secure the Payment of the Said Duty, until such Time as the said salt rock, or rock salt liiall be sold and delivered as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be obliged, by virtue of any Contrast made, at any time before the first Day of December one thousand

No Certiorari upon Orders,

Nfeafure settled. 7 & 8 W. 3, C 31, 44-

Penalty for removing withou! Notice.

Penalty for relanding.

Provision for Persons losing salt at Sea.

)wrtcr not to pay Excise till Salt: e sold.

fcontra&s heretofore, nude.

A., D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi Marine.

C 7. 543

find six hundred ninety three, to deliver any Salt or rock salt, unless the Person who is to receive the same, shall, before or at the Time for Delivery of the same by such Contract, pay to the Seller thereof such Sum or Sums as he shall have paid or secured to pay for the Duty for the same by virtue of this Act.

XXIV. And whereas Salt made at the present saltworks in the County Palatine of Chester, whencivflersaltjto taken from the Pans, is put in: o Walms, Baskets, or Vessels, and must be carried by the Maker some bc i nticd by Miles distant from the Works before he can deliver the same to the Merchant or first Buyer, so that to vclkllt bre k and measure the Salt at the said saltworks would he great Loss to the Makers thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted, That all Salt made at the said saltworks in the Aid County shall be entered by Weight only, and that fifty six Pounds Weight thereof shall be deemed and taken to be a Winchester Eufhel of eight Gallons !Finch ester Measure, and shall be entered, rated, and taxed accordingly.

XXV. And whereas salt rock or rock salt taken out of Pits is in such great Lumps that it cannot bes^treel. Sv ' measured without breaking the same to Powder, which would be great Loss to the Proprietors thereofweight.

Be it therefore enacted, That all salt rock or rock salt taken out of Pits shall be entered by Weight only, \ A, tel7, 0 and that six score Pounds Weight thereof shall be deemed and taken to be a 7vinchester Buftiel of eight Gala '1 W, ' 5' c' Ions ivir.chester Measure, and shall be entered, rated, and taxed accordingly.

XXVI. And to the Intent that Salt made by melting and refining of rock salt may net, contrary to the Allowance to true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be charged more than other English Salt, Be it further enacted by thertfine. Authority aforesaid, That where any such rock salt shall be mcltecf and refined, which bad before paid the Duty imposed by this Act, according to the Direction of the same, the Person who shall make such'

Salt refining shall receive an Allowance and Abatement of Duty on the Salt by him so made, after theramvr p't.sj£ Rate and Proportion of twelve Pence for every Bushel of such rock salt so melted and refined, which had jaaid the Duty as aforesaid; being first made before some Justice of the Peace near adjoining to such

saltworks of the particular Quantifies of the said rock salt so by him employed in making the said Salt ann.ji. 1. C

by refining, which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered to administer, and upon daeu. 3 Proof by Oath, or otherwise made of the Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act. r '4- 4'

Am. C 29. 6 Ann. C 12.9 Ann. C 23. 12 Ann. p. 2. C 2. 5 Geo. I. C is. 8 Geo. 1. c. 4 16. II Geo. I. C 30. 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. 5 Geo.

2. C 6. 8 Geo. 2. C iz, 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 32.

XXVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of their Majesties reigrr^w.&m. (T.'

intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, 7" A i0

I for four Tears from the Time that an act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors,

II. during the Space of one Tear, doth expite, it was enacted from and after the seventeenth Day of November for A Year':

1 in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety one, there should be throughout their Majesties1 these duties

Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, col!efted, are expired, and and paid unto their Majesties, and their Successors, during the Space and Term of four Years, and no0thersg|ailte!i<

longer, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors therein mentioned, by way of Excise, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former Act or Acts, which should lie then unexpi 1 red, set and imposed, in such Manner as therein is mentioned Be it further enacted, That for the fur: her Encouragement of such Persons who shall voluntarily contribute as aforesaid, towards the raising and paying into their Majesties Exchequer, any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, upon the several Terms and Recompenses herein after mentioned, that from and after the seventeenth Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, there shall be throughout their Majesties Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, Excise for three during the Space and Term of sixteen Years, and no longer, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors last Years to be herein after expressed, by way of Excise, over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any '}!fposed a or former Act or Acts then unexpired, set, and imposed, one Adoiety or half Part of the several Rates and p", fluent ° Duties of Excise granted by the said last mentioned Act, in Manner and Form following: (that is to 5 W. M.

say) (i) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, o. 20. brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer orjjeer>&c abovi Ale publicly or privately to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respects tively, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties payable for the same, nine Pence. (2) For every Barrel of Beer, or Ale of six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by thereer, C under common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, 6 s. to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and so pro portionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties payable for the same, threepence.

(3) For every Barrel of Vinegar, or Vinegar Beer, brewed or made of any Englifl: Materials, by any Vinegar english, common Brewer, or any other Person for Sale, to be paid by the Alaker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties of Excise payable for the same, one Shilling sixpence. (4) For every Barrel of Vinegar, or Liquor prepared forvinegar, made hee, that hath run through yu^prforc.gn, Rape, or made with or passing through any foreign Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, tofor picwctior0 be paid by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, four Shillings. (5) sale liable to For every Barrel of Beer, Ale, or Mum, imported from beyond the Seas, or from the Blands of Guernsey Duties by s or Jersey, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importers before land anns. c. y ing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, three Shillings. (6) For every Tun of Cyder or perry^'tr'd&c'im"

imported Cyder, C imported.

544

Brandy Single. Brandy Double.

Cyder, ice. by Retail.

methegun, C

Recovery of Duties.

f: Car. z. C 24

II. Ca -. 2. C 23

15 Ca;. 2. C ij

Afnncy to be Jeep; apart.

paid in weekly,

i; id registered.

Penalty upon Officers.

To be a yearly Fund.

Salaries of Officers.

Excifv Office, V continued.

C 7. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Maria:. A.D. 1694.

imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, four Pounds. (7) For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, two Shillings. (8) For every Gallon of branjy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties p tyable for the same, four Shillings. (9) For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, over and above the Duties payable for the same, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure, one Shilling threepence. (10) F or all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale, whether by Retail or o.herwife, to be paid by the Maker, for every Gallon, threepence.

XXVIII. And be it epated by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates, Duties, and iin pofirions upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors aforesaid, be levied, collected, and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, during the said Space and Term of sixteen Years, in the same Manlier and Form, and by fu-h Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are

mentioned in the AT made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; and; lfo in and by another AT made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, A Grant of certain iwpofi fions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the increase of his Majestfs Revenue during his Life; and also in and by another Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the fai'd late King Charles the Second, intituled,

An additional Act, for the better ordering and colie sting the Duties of Excif, and preventing the Abuses therein; or by any other Law in Force relating to the said Revenue of Excise; and that the aforesaid ats, and every Article, Rule, and Clause therein mentioned, as for and concerning only the Rates, Duties, and impositions upon Beer, a!e, ^and other Liquors by this Act granted, shall be of full Force and effet, to all Intents and Purposes, during the said Term of sixteen Years, in like Manner as if the same were at large and particularly recited and set down in the Body of this Act; and that the said Rates and Duties of Excise, and the other Duties upon Salt by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time be within the Receipt and Government of the chief Commissioners and Governors of the Receipt of the Excise for the Time being.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and Governors for Management and Receipt of the Excise, at the head office in London for the Time being, shall separate and keep apart all and every the Moneys raised by the Rates and Duties of Excise, and other Duties upon Salt hereby granted, as the same shall from Time to Time arise, or be paid into the said Office of Excise, by the Receivers or colletors of the same, or by any other Person whatsoever. And the said of and Governors of Excise for the Time being are hereby required and ftritiy enjoined, from Time to Time, to pay weekly, videlicet, on wednesday in every Week, if it be not a Holiday, and if it be, then the next Day after that is not a Holiday, all and every the Moneys arising by the Rales and Duties of Excise, and other Duties hereby granted, into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, dildint and apart from the other Moneys, which the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise shall receive for the (Jfe of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer, that is to say, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, one Book in which all the said weekly Moneys, which shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered apart and dildint from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise, for the Time being, shall refuse or neglet to pay into the Exchequer all or any the said weekly Sums appointed io be paid as aforesaid, in such Manner as they are before by this Act required to do, or shall divert or misapply any of the same, then they, for every such Offence shall forfeit their Offices of Commissioners and Governors L r the Management and Receipt of the Excise, and be incapable of any Office or Place of Trull whatsoever, and shall be liable to pay the full Value of any Sum or Sums so diverted or misapplied, to any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, by any ation of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eitoi.1, protetion, Wager of Law, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, or more, than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, d hat all the said Sums, so as aforesaid appointed to be paid weekly into the Receipt of the Exchequer, during the said Term of sixteen Years, shall be the yearly Fund for the several and respective Purposes herein after mentioned and expressed. Provided always, and be it enacted, That i: shall and may he lawful to and for their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, out of the said Duties arising upon Salt, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from Time to Time for Salaries, or other incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, colleting, levying or managing of the same Duties upon Salt, during the said Term therein by this Act granted; anything in this Act contained to t e.contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the head office of Excise, which is now established within the City of London, shall be continued and be within the said City, or ten Miles thereof, and a sufficient Number of Commissioners therein, from Time to Time, shall be con inued or appointed by their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, to govern and manage the Receipt of Excise, and to perform and execute the several Matters and Things hereby enjoined to be done and executed by such Commissioners, until the same shall be fully performed and complied with, according to the true Intent and

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Maria:. C 7. 545

Meaning of this Act; and that in like Manner there shall he continued and be within the said City, or ten Miles thereof, by the Appointment of their Majesties, their heirs and Successors, a Comptroller of ex cife, until such Time as all Matters and Things, which by this Act such Comptroller is enjoined to do and perform, shall be fully performed and accomplished; which laid Comptroller for the Time being is Accounts rr hereby also required and commanded to keep a perfeh and distinct Account in Books fairly written of all s, lt d the Moneys which shall arise by the said Duties upon Salt, and the said Duties of Excise by this Act grant to b. c. JED, as the same respectively shall from Time to Time arise, come, or be brought into the said Office of Excise; which Books all Persons concerned shall have free Access at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Charge; and that the said Commissioners and Comptroller shall execute their respective Offices, in the Performance of all Things enjoined by this Act, without any other Salary, See, or Reward, than what they now have or enjoy.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, reckoning 140, 000). a the first Year to begin from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety four, ye»dy find, the full Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said Duties upon Salt, and by the said Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted, or either of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by weekly Payments as aforesaid, in case the said weekly Payments. shall extend thereunto, shall be the whole and entire yearly Fund: And in case the said weekly Payments shall not amount to one hundred and forty thousand Pounds per dunum, then the said weekly Moneys or Payments, so far as the same will extend, shall he Part of the yearly Fund for and towards the answering or paying of the Annuities herein after mentioned, and for other the Purposes hereafter in this Act expressed. Anu in The Ring's Re case the said Duties upon Salt, and the said Rates and Duties of Excise by this Act granted, or either of them, vemw ch»vtc shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year to be reckoned as aforesaid, the weekly Payments upon the same Rates or Duties, or any of them, tics d' >; ' shall not amount.to so much as one hundred, and forty thousand Pounds, or to so much as shall be sufficient to discharge and satisfy the said Annuities, and other Benefits and Advantages by this Act appointed or intended to be paid within or for the same Year respectively; that then and so often, and in every such Case, the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury, and the under treasurer of the Exchequer now being, and the Treasurer and Under treasurer of the Exchequer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby ftrihiy enjoined and requi ed by virtue of this Act, and without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, ha 1 or obtained from their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, in this Behalf, to cause every such Deficiency to be made goodbye applying and issuing, or paying so much of any Treasure or Revenue, belonging or to belong to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors (not being appropriated to any particular life or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament) towards the discharging or paying oft' the said Annuities, or other Benefits or Advantages appointed to be paid by this Act, as together with the Moneys which shall have been brought into the said Receipt, of or for the said Rates or Duties upon Salt, and the said Rates and Duties of Excise as aforesaid, shall be sufficient to pay oft' and difehaig:, and shall completely pay oft' and discharge, all the Moneys which within the same Year respectively shall be grown due, or ought to be paid upon the said Annuities, or other Benefits or Advantages, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives Natives or a or Foreigners, to contribute towards advancing the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on liens miy al of the said War, by paying at or before the tenth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety four, tovance any Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds upon this Act; and that for the raising the said Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, any Person who will become an Adventurer, shall and may advance the Sum of ten Pounds, for which Sum so advanced, he, she, or they, for sixteen Years, shall be intituled to receive a Share or Dividend of the said yearly Fund, as hereafter is expressed; and that every Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of ten Pounds, as he, she, or they shall think fit, and for every such Sum of ten Pounds so advanced, he, she, or they is or are to be interested in one Lot or Share in the said yearly Fund. ("From sehion 34 to 49exp.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That any Money contributed or lent by or payable to any Person or Money lent on Persons, upon or by virtue of this Act, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Rates, Duties or Im this ia, Tax pofidons whatsoever. free.

L Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Giuntemade ky Grants or Dispositions of any of the Moneys arising or which shall be collehed by the Authority of thisttic, ld' AH, hereafter to be made by their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, to any other Person or Persons, or in any other Manner, or for any longer Term or Interest, than by this Act is appointed, shall be and are hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LI. And whereas by reason of the Multiplicity of Payments, which are to be made in pursuance to this A particuiat ' AH, it will be difficult (if not impossible) that every particular Payment should be directed, recorded, appmnt paid and accounted for by the several Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the ordinary Course of fury^n the^x" 'payments there used Therefore and to the End that th Exchequer may be regularly discharged of all chequer for the Moneys of the several Rates and Duties before mentioned, which shall be brought into the same for the Payment of said Fund; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be in the said Receipt of the exche these Annuities, quer a distinh Office for paying the Annuities or Benefits by this Act appointed to be paid, and some con j^vato tte venient Room or Rooms, in or neap the Receipt of th 0 Exchequer at Westminster, shall be prepared, a flamed nuj(.s of the and used for that Purpose; which Office shall continue until all the Payments to grow due by this Act, Tnufuiy.

546

C 7. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

during the said Term of sixteen Years, shall be satisfied; an Officer or Officers shall be appointed thereunto from Time to Time by the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury now being, or by the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who shall also take Security, according to the best of their Judgments and Discretions, from every or any such Officer or Officers, for his or their due paying, answering and accounting for all the Moneys which he or they shall receive, and for the due and faithful Performance of his or their Office and Offices respectively; and that the Money of the Fund by this Act appointed, which shall from Time to Time come or be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer as abovesaid, shall, by the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury, and tr.e under treasurer of the Exchequer now being, or by the Treasurer or under treasurer of the Exchequer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained from their Majesties, their Heir., or Successors, and in such Proportions from d ime to Time, as shall be necessary and sufficient to answer the respective Payments which shall grow due, and tic to be made by the said particular Officer or Officers, be issued or paid over, from Time to Time, to the Hands of such Officer or Officers by way of Impressed, and upon Account, to and for tile Payment of the said Annuities or Benefits by this Act appointed to be paid; and that such particular Officer and Officer shall apply the same thereunto in such Manner and Form as are abovementioned, and by this Act di.efted in that Behalf; and shall be subject and liable to such Inspection, Examination, Comptrol, and Audit, and to such Rules, in respect of his paying, accounting, and other Matters relating to the Execution of his Office, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the R ime being, shall think fit, or find necessary or reasonable to establish or appoint from Time to Time for the better Execution of the Intent and End of this Act, and the Satisfaction of Contributors, Adventurers, or others concerned or to be concerned therein; anything in this present Act contained, or any Law, Custom, ul age, or Course of the Exchequer to the contrary notwithstanding.

Transfer Office

LII. And it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the transfer office abovementioned shall he conti !hf'nuei^ or t*le c*tu poles aforesaid, by their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and an Officer in the same, T e ' MS'until all Matters and Things hereby required to be done by such an Officer shall be fully accomplished;

that as well the Managers and Directors abovementioned, as also the Commissioner and Officer of the transfer office, and the said Receivers, and the said particular Officer in the Exchequer, and all the Clerks, Ministers, and Servants, to be employed by or under them respectively, from Time to Time, shall, in and for the better Execution of their fevered Places and Trusts, and for p rfuing the directlns, Ends, or Intents of this Act, observe and perform such Rules, Methods, and Orders, as they respectively shall from Time to Time receive from the said Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or from the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, so as such Rules, Methods, and Orders, be conducible to the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise.

LIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the whole Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds be not advanced and paid iiuo the Exchequer upon this Act, before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, that then it shall and may be lawful for their Majesties, or Wore »4 June, their Officers in the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, by their Command and Appointment, to borrow and take into the said Receipt, for their Majesties Use by Way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money, which together with the whole Value or Amount of all the Sums of Money, which shall before the said four and twentieth Day of June be contributed or adventured as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, which Sum or Sums so taken up by way of" Loan shall and may be charged upon the Credit of their Majesties Exchequer in general, and Tallies of Loan, and Orders of Repayment of the same, shall be levied and drawn accordingly, which said Orders shall be assignable and trauf ferrable from one Person to another.

the Treasury,

Borrowing Chiu if, if

SI. percent.

LIV. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, not ex allowed for ceeding as aforesaid, together with the Interest for the same, not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per thufun/otc Centum per Annum, to be paid every three Months, until Satisfaction of the Principal shall be payable am chargeablevov satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, the payment of or Assigns, out of the Moneys which shall afterwards arise and be brought into the Exchequer, by or sot Principal and Contributions upon this Act, so far as the same will extend: And in case the Moneys so arising by this Act Interest. shall not be sufficient fer the paying thereof, then the said Loans which shall remain unfinished, and th

Interest of the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to their Majesties in Parliament, and shall be transferred and transferruble thereunto, as soon as any such Aid or Supply shall be granted to their Majesties; and if no such Aids or Supplies shall be granted to their Majestc before the second Day of February which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four, thru the Lid Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be payable, and be paid and satisfied to the said Lender or Lenders, his, her, or they Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, by and out of any their Majesties Treasure, which from thenceforth shall come into, be, or remain in the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, not be ing already appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Tim made.

The annual Sur

LV. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Monk I r|"s Money hew arising by the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, at the End of any one Year of the said Term of six II okd. tegn Years, after all the annuiti.s or Payments directed by this Act shall be fully satisfied, paid and discharged, such Surplus or Remainder shall go and be applied for or towards the Payment and Sathfaction e

A.D. 1.694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Marie. C 7. 547-

such Principal and Iptercft Moneys, which shall be or remain due upon the Register kept in the said Re surplus of receipt of Exchequer, for the two third Parts of the Rates and Duties of Excile granted in the second yearcifl i v3 of their Majestics Reign, intituled An Afdfor granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excij, '°c1^r(1; nl! "!, '* upon Beer, Ah, and other Liquors for four Tears, from the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Exafeff; _ £ mm r upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one Tear, doth expire, and continued by Clauses in ar. c.'io. subsequent Act, intituled, ^An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable quarterly for one Tear, for the carrying 3 4 W. & M.

on a vigorous jvar agaiujl France. And that such Surplus or Remainder, together with the Monie app!i' ° 6 cable by the two Aits last mentioned, shall be issued and paid jointly and severally, for and towards the 1, !^ discharging of the Principal and Interest Moneys which from Time to Tiny shall be or remain due and un L Cvy and paid upon the said Register, until the same shall be fully falisfied, and afterwards the Moneys, which hall Army try 5 & 6 further arise by the said Surplus or Remainder, hall be to the Use of their Majesties, their Heirs and suc V*cellors, for the carrying on the War against France. Provided always, Thai in case the whole Sum op4' ten hundred thousand Pounds be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer, by or for Contributions upoiv this Act, the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties hereby granted, more than is requisite to pay the Annuities or Payments directed by this Act, hall he disposed as hall he hereafter direted by Act of Parliament 3 anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LV1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Receiver or Receiv ers General, Recovers to or other Person or Persons, who is, or shall be employed in the receiving, colleting, or paying the feve elve ln ail, u'3! ral Duties upon Salt by this Act granted, hall, and are hereby required, between the five and twentiethaudttorvovthe Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety five, and the nine and twentieth Day of September follow to t i|ig? and so from Year to Year yearly, at those Times, during the Continuance of this Act, to deliver in declared before their respective Accounts thereof to their Majesties Auditors of the Impressed for the Time being, or one heticafuicr, of them, who shall, and are hereby from Time to Time respectively authorised to examine upon Oath the said Receiver or Receivers General, or other Person or Persons, Accomptants, which are or shall be employed in raising, receiving, and colleting the said Duties, of what Sum or Sums of Money was or were by them or any of them respectively raised, colleted, or received, within the Time of such their Accounts, and likewise what Part thereof was by them or any of them paid into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, or by virtue of any Warrant of privy seal, or Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of their' Majesties Treasury for the Time being, otherwise paid, and to whom, and for what Service or Services; and in making the said Accounts to and before the said Auditors, or one of them, 'they are to produce proper Vouchers for every Sum or Sums of Money so by them or any of them raised, received, and paid, according to the ancient Methods of the Exchequer. And to the end it may appear upon Record what the same amounted to in the Year, for which such Account or Accounts shall be made, and what thereof was paid, and to whom, and for what Use and Service, Uses and Services, as aforesaid, and what remains unpaid, and rests insuper upon each respective Receiver and colletor; and such Account or Accounts, so to be taken by the said Auditor, is and are to be declared before the Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, according to the Course of the Exchequer in such Cases.,

LVII. Provided always, and be it cnated by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of the House except'c0m'of Commons shall at any Time be concerned direct, or indiretly, or any other in Trust for him, in them'>fiiones of farming, colleting, or managing, any of the Sums of monc}r, Duties, or other Aids granted to their treasury and Majesties by this Act, or that hereafter shall he granted by any other Act of Parliament, except the commissioner of the Treasury, and the Officers and Commissioners for managing the Customs and Excise, bc'fa't "'s10 not exceeding the present Number in each Office, and those appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Members of Execution an Act, intituled An act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for House of one liar, for carrying on a vigorous jvar again France, as to their executing only the Authority of the said Commons AT, by which they are appointed Commissioners, Provided always, That Thomas Neale Esquire may^t]

employed by their Majesties as they shall think fit, in the ordering, or managing the several recompencesbfnk of n. and Advantages hereby given to the Contributors upon this Act 3 anything in this Act contained to thegiand by 5*contrary notwithstanding. 6w. MC.

20. §. 33.

5 & 6 W. & M. C I. Farther pro uijions concerning Excise, 7 tv. 3. C 30. S IV 3. C 19. io TV. 3. C 2x. 12 W. 3. C 11 x2. I Ain. fl. 2. C 3.

Ann. C 6. S Ann. C 7. 10 Ann. C j9. 12 Ann. jt. 2. C 9, 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. II Geo. 1. c. 30. 12 Geo. X C 28. 1 Geo. 2. c. 16. 23 Geo. 2.

C 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. c. 5. and I Geo. 3. c. 7.

4a 2

548 C 8 — 10,

Anno quinto Guglielmi & Marine

A.D. 1694.

EXP.

a W. & M. ff. ft. C 15.

5 Elia. C 4, $*3

Clanfc repealed.

The City Lands charged with S, ocol. per Ann. for the Orphans.

How much Orphans Money to be paid.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the explaining, and for the more effectual Execution of a former Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners.

CAP. IX.

An Act for Repeal of a Clause in the Statute of the fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth (containing diverse Orders for Artificers and others) which relates to Weavers of Cloth.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An At containing diverse Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants in Husbandry, and Apprentices; it is enacted in these Words following: "Provided always, and be it further enacted by the

"Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, using or exercising the Art or Miflery of a Woollen "Cloth Weaver, other than such as be inhabiting within the Counties of Cumberland, Wejbrwrland, Lan "cafler, and Wales, weaving Frizes, Cottons, or housewife's Cloth only, making and weaving Woollen "Cloth commonly sold, or to be sold by any Clothman or Clothier, final! take and have any Apprentice, "or shall teach, or in any wise inflruit any Person or Persons in the Science, Art, or Occupation of tc Weaving aforesaid, in any Village, Town, or Place, (Cities, towns corporate, and market towns "only excepted) unless such Person be his Son, or else that the Father or Mother of such Apprentice or Servant shall, at the Time of the taking of such Person or Persons to be an Apprentice or Servant, or "to be instructed, have Lands or Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to the clear yearly Value of three "Pounds at least, of an Estate of Inheritance or Freehold, to be certified under the Hands and Seals of <£ three Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Shires, where the said Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, do cr shall lie; the effesl of the Indenture to be registered within three Months, in the Parish "such Mailer shall dwell, and to pay for such registring fourpence, upon pain of Forfeiture of "twenty Shillings for every Month that any Person shall otherwise take any Apprentice, or set any such Person on Work, contrary to the Meaning of this Article." ' Now forasmuch as such Part of the said

before recited hath been found to be very inconvenient, and a great Prejudice to the Clothing Trade may it please your most Excellent Majesties, that it may be enacted,

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said at, as is before recited, be, and is hereby declared to be repealed, null, and void to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had never been made.

CAP. X

An act for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London.

WHEREAS the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, have been, and are answerable for, and chargeable with, all Moneys of the Orphans of the said City from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City; but by reason of sundry Accidents and public Calamities, 1 are now become indebted to the said Orphans and other Creditors, for principal Money and Interest thereof, in a much greater Sum of Money than they are able to satisfy and pay, unless some Assistance be given them for the same

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords piritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and towards the raising a perpetual Fund to pay the yearly Interest of four Pounds for every hundred Pounds principal Money, and of all the said Interest thereof, due to any Orphan of the said City, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of any such Orphan, unto the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety three, such Interest to be computed from the Time it wrs^first payable unto the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred eighty-three, at five Pounds for the Interest of every hundred Pounds for one Year and from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred eighty-three, unto the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety three, at three Pounds for the Interest of every hundred Pounds for one Year and proportionably for any greater or Idler Sum (the Interest already received for such principal Money to be deducted) and also to pay the like yearly Interest of four Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the principal Money and Interest thereof, to be computed as aforesaid, due upon Bond, Bill, or Note, liable to pay nterest, between the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred fifty and five, and the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety three, or any other the Creditor or Creditors of the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of any such Creditor or Creditors, on the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety three, from the Chamber of the said City or from the Mayor,

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi 5c Marine.

C 10.

549

from T V tizens

Commonalty, and Citizens thereof, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Sum, all and every the Manors, messuages, Lands, Markets, and Fairs, and other the Hereditaments, Revenues, and Income whatsoever, of and belonging to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, in Possession or Reversion, and the Improvements that shall or can be made thereof (except the Manors, messuages, Lands, Estates,

Possessions, and Revenues, of and belonging to chrijvs Hospital, St. Bartholomew, Bridewell, St. Thomas, and Bethlehem Hospitals, or any other Hospital in or belonging to the said City of London or Borough of Southwark, and such as are chargeable with and for the Repairs of London Bridge) shall be, and are hereby declared to be yearly charged for ever, from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, for and towards the raising the reout the full and clear annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds for ever, free from all Dedubtions for any Impositions whatsoever; which said yearly Sum shall be annually raised and paid out of all and every the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other Revenue whatsoever, of and belonging to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens (except before excepted) and shall be, and is hereby appropriated towards theraifing such a perpetual Fund, and to be applied as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Aqueducts and Right of bringing aquedufu and conveying Water belonging to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, and all the improvements 11'^ that shall be at any Time made thereof, and all the Rents, Profits, and Benefits whatsoever, which do or shall at any Time hereafter arise by any Aqueducts or Right of bringing and conveying Water, which do or shall belong to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens (other than such Water as shall be for the Supply of the public Conduits, Hospitals, Halls, and Prisons in the said City) shall, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, for ever be appropriated and applied towards the Payment of the said interefi Money.

XV. And for and towards the raising such a perpetual Fund, and so to be applied as aforesaid, be it further?°ool. upon enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thou Personi1 Ertites. sand six hundred ninety four, the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, shall and may, and they are hereby required yearly to raise the Sum of two thousand Pounds, by an equal proportionable Assessment upon the personal Estates of the several Inhabitants within the said City and the Liberties thereof, to be yearly abetted, collected, received, and paid, or in Default of Payment, distrained for, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, in their Common Council assembled, or otherwise, shall 'ime to Time annually direct and appoint.

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Commonalty, and CI ljghts granted 11, on or before the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, so' -1 vc "s demise or grant to Sir Charles Hara Knight, John Stanyon, Esquire, Philip Neve, Esquire, and John: 1 >carb lillye, Gentleman, and all other the Persons concerned and interested in the Glass Lights, commonly called or known by the Name of Convex Lights, a Lease or Licence for the sole ltfe of the public Lights, to be used in all public Places within the said City and the Liberties thereof, for the Term of one and twenty Years, to be computed from the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, reserving the yearly Rent of six hundred Pounds, in such Manner, and by and under such other Articles, Covenants, and Agreements, for Payment of the said Rent, or making void the said Lease in Default thereof or otherwise, as by and between the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, and the said Persons abovementioned, are or shall be agreed on for that Purpose by certain Articles made or to be made in that Behalf: Which said yearly Sum of six hundred Pounds shall be and is hereby ap appropriation propriated towards raising the said Fund, and Payment of the said Interest Money as aforesaid: from«f the Money and after the Determination of which Lease, all and every the Rents, Profits, and Benefits whatsoever, dunns3nd altsf which the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, shall or may at any Time lawfully make, by farm 3 lurnl' ing or granting Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the fighting the Streets within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, by such Ways and Means as the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens shall think moult proper, shall be, and are hereby declared and enabled to be for ever appropriated and applied to and for the Uses aforesaid.

VI. And for the further and greater Increase of the said Fund; Be it enacted, That from and after Tax upon feini the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, every Person being, free ofing Apprentice any of the respective Companies within the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, who shall take or receive any Apprentice, shall bind his Apprentice before the Maher or Wardens, of such Company whereof the Matter is a Member, or one of them, or their sufficient Deputy in that Behalf, which said Apprentice, at the Time of his binding, shall pay to the said Matter or Wardens, or one of them, or their sufficient Deputy, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence; all and every which said Sum and Sums of two Shillings and sixpence the said blatter and Wardens, or their Deputy, shall transmit. and pay to the Chamberlain of the said City of London, twice in the Year (viz.) on the fif centh Day of December, and eighteenth Day of June, to be employed for the Uses aforesaid. all and every matter, Warden, Books to ki yr Wardens of the said respective Companies shall, from Time to Time, provide and keep, in their krt1' common Halls, one or more Book or Books of Vellum or Parchment, in which every such Sum of two Shillings and sixpence shall be set down and entered by the said Matter or Wardens, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, and the Name of the Apprentice who paid the same: and.it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person and Persons to have free Access unto and view the said Books at at all times, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, without any See or Reward to

55°

i'enilty upon Wjjdrn, Sec. oftvudijig*

5 s. open tree men.

4 s, per Tonne upon Wijjcs.

Colie (Tor to be appointed by Mayor, See.

Impost how to be levied.

iz Car. 2. C

e)aty on Coals,

4 d. for Metage

6 d. per Chaldron.

6 d. per Tonne.

2 i Geo. 2. c. 29.

How and when to be paid.

How recovered, 19 Car, 2. C 3.

C lo. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

be taken for the VI w or inspection thereof; and for every Sum of Money which such Matter, Warden, or Wardens, or their Deputies Dial 1 receive, and ball not be transmitted to, the said chamber lain at the Times herein before appointed, such Matter, Warden, or Wardens, shall forfeit the Sum of five pounds; the said respectiv'e Forfeitures to be recovered in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, in any action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced in any of their m..jesties Courts of Record, wherjn no Ett'oin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and shall be applied towards raising the Fund aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That towards the raising the said Fund, every Person who ttiali be admitted from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, to be a Freeman of the said City, shall, nc the Time of his Admission, pay unto the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, the Sum of five Shillings; which several abovementioned Sums of two shillings and sixpence and five Shillings shall, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, be paid over and above the usual and accustomed Fees for the same.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Duty of four Shillings per 'Fun shall lie and is hereby imposed and laid upon all Sorts of Wines whatsoever, which, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, shall be imported into the Port of the said City of London, or the Members thereof, by way of Merchandise, over and above the prefciit Duties charged or chargeable thereupon, and so proportionably for a greater or letter Quantity; which laid Duty shall, from Time to Time for ever be paid by the Importer thereof unto the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, and is hereby appropriated towards raising the said Fund, and so to be applied as aforesaid.

IX. And for the better collecting the said Duty from all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, a? well Free as Unfreemen of the said City, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one or more sufficient Person or Persons shall from Time to Time be appointed by the said Mayor and Court of aider men of London for the Time being, by an Order of the said Court, to collect and receive the said Duty, during the Pleasure of the said Court; and the said Imposition of four Shillings per Tun shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to the said Collector or Collectors, or his or their Deputy and Deputies, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Rates, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties

and Forfeitures, as are provided, mentioned, and expressed in one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subsidy gratited to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchatidize exported and imported, for the paying, recovering, collecting, or seizing the Duty of Tonnage thereby granted.

X. And for a further Increase of the said Fund, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Sorts of Coals which shall be imported or brought into the Port of the said City of London, or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, to be sold by the Chaldron or Toil, there shall be paid by way of Imposition thereupon, according to the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned (that is to say) For all such Sorts of Coals or Culm as are usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof, which shall be imported from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, the Sum of fourpence Metage for ever, over and above what is now lawfully paid for the Metage thereof; which said Sum shall be paid in like Manner as the present Duty for Metage is or hath been accustomed to be paid, and, from Time to Time, be paid to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City by the Officer and Officers receiving the said Metage. And for all such Sort of Coals or Culm which shall be imported into the said Port or Members thereof, from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand and seven hundred (over and above all other Impositions and Duties, and the abovementioned Sum of fourpence) the further Sum of sixpence for every Chaldron thereof. And for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every Tun thereof, containing two thousand Weighr, the like Sum of sixpence; which said imposition of six Fence shall continue from the said nine and twentieth Day of September, for and during the Term of fifty Years, and no longer. And the said Imposition of sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals sit all, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of the said Imposition, be answered and paid unto the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, by the Matter, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel whereupon the same shall be laden, before they shall break Bulk, or have a Metre attigned for the measuring or weighing any Coals aforesaid, to be delivered from on board such Ship or Vessel, the same to be paid at such Place or Places, as by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall from Time to Time be appointed, within the said City or Liberties thereof, for the Receipt thereof; upon Receipt whereof the Party appointed to receive the same shall without Delay, See or Reward, deliver a Receipt to the Person or Persons who shall pay the said Duty or Duties; which Receipt shall for so much be a sufficient discharge; and that the said Imposition of sixpence per Tun or Chaldron shall, by Virtue of this Act, be collected and levied in such Sort and Manner in all and every Respects, as in and by one Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the rebuilding the City of London, the Impolirion of Coals thereby granted was to be collected and levied; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions and Provisions, in or by the said Act mentioned or provided for the levying, collecting and recovering thereof, or the Penalties thereby imposed, or for the ordering or regulating the Proceedings of the said Coal Metres or others III Discharge of their respective Offices and Duties, or for the preventing of

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. C 10. 551

Fraud and covin, anl for the Discovery of the just Quantity of a!) Sorts of Coals to be imported as ufore said, shall remain and be in Force, and by Virtue of this present Act ftmll and may be exercised and pht in Use for the collecting, levying and recovering the said Duty of sixpence, according to the Purport and Effect of the aforesaid Act, and under the same Penalties in all and every Respect, and that for and during all the 'lime by this Act limited and appointed for the Payment of the said Imposition, as if the same were. express, mentioned in this present Act, with Reference to the said Imposition thereby imposed: which! Moneys so to be received upon Account of the said respective Impositions of fourpence, and sixpence, or AH the Morey by any other additional Duty, in case of Concealment thereof, as by the aforesaid Act is appointed, and, dli, lu all other the Sums of Money hereby appointed as Part of the said Fund, shall from Time to Time he paidlhe into the Receipt of the Chamber of the City of London, and shall be and is hereby appropriated towards the raising such a Fund as aforesaid, and applied towards the discharge of the said Debts.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Officer and Officers, or other Officers to gne Person or Persons whatsoever concerned or ro be concern d in the Receipt of any of the Sums by this Act Security, appropriated to the Uses aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the execution of any the said Office or Offices, he or they shill be bound with sufficient Sureties to the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, in such reasonable Sum or Sums, as by the said Mayor or Court of Aldermen shall be thought fitting, with Respect to this present Act, and to the Trust hereby reposed in such Officer or Officers.

xi.l. And to the Intent that the said Fund may be perpetual, be it further enacted by the Authority City Lands aforesaid, 'Flint from and after such Time as the aforesaid Imposition of sixpence hereby laid shall cease L act|d wl£j' and d tjrmine, all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markets, Fairs and the Dutiesb00° ' n' thereof, and all other the Revenues of and belonging to the said City of London, in Possession or Reversion, shall stand and be cha.ged with the full yearly Sum of six thousand rounds (over and above the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds) and is hereby appropriated and enacted to be applied to the same Uses, to which the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds is herein before made liable.

XIII. and. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the aforesaid yearly and how of other Rents and Payments, I flues", Profits, Duties, Impositions, Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever, by

this Act appointed to be 1 aised, charged, paid, collected, had, 'received or made by, out of, or for any the^d"^!Knv._

Matters or Things, or by any the Ways or Means herein before mentioned, shall (deducting the reout

such necessary and reasonable Salaries raid Allowances, as the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall think fit to allow to any person or Persons, whom they shall employ for the collecting, receiving or

paying the fam,) from Time to Time for ever, in the lirit Place be applied by the Mayor, Commonalty,

and Citizens of the said City, for the Payment of the annual Sum of four Pounds of lawful Money for the Interest of every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for a greater or lesser s um, of the abovementioned

respective Debts, and all the Interest thereof due on the said five and twentieth Day of December

one thousand six hundred ninety three, to any Orphan of the said Cityj or the Executors, Administrators

or Assigns of any such Orphan, and also for the Payment of the like yearly Interest of four Pounds for every hundred Pounds principal Money, and the Interest thereof, to be computed as aforesaid, due at any Time between the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred fifty-five, and the said

five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety three, upon Bond, Bill, or Note, liable

to pay Interest, from the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, unto any Person or Persons whatsoever,

or to so much thereof only as the said Moneys, by this Act appointed to be raised and paid as aforesaid,

shall yearly amount unto, to satisfy and pay towards the said Interest to the said Orphans, and other the said Creditors of the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, or their respective Executors, Administrators

or Assigns, equally in proportion to their respective Interest, the said Payments to be made twice in every

Year (that is to say) on the Feast Days of Saint Thomas the Apostle, and Saint "John the Baptist, or within

fourteen Days after: The first Payment thereof to be made on the Feast Day of Saint Thomas the Apostle,

which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four, or within fourteen Days

after: And the said Moneys, or any Part thereof, shall 1 not. be applied, issued, or paid to any Use, Intent

or Purpose whatsoever, by Virtue of any Order or Warrant whatsoever, other than for the life aforesaid j

but all Orders and Warrants for issuing, paying or disposing any of the said Moneys, contrary to the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be utterly void.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provision hereby made fororfhans10 C Payment of the said Interest Money for ever, shall be and is hereby declared to be in full Satisfaction and ^nf°'il.cd£c Sa' Discharge of and for tyre Debts due from the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said Cityns lon'

of London, to the said Orphans, and others their said Creditors, and of and from all Interest due or to be due for the same, unto the live and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety three; and that all and every the said Orphans and Creditors, or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall, according to usual Custom, acknowledge Satisfaction of their respective Debts, paying to the Officers concerned such fees only as the Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the Time being shall direct and appoint, not exceeding thirteen Shillings and fourpence for every thousand Pounds; and the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City of London, and their Successors, are and shall be hereby acquitted and discharged of and from the same.

XV. And to the End the said Moneys may be duly applied to the Uses aforesaid, for which the Books of re same.are by this Act appointed and appropriated, Be it. further enacted By the Authority aforesaid, ceipts and Dif

£ That burfeipents to

be

Accounts to be audited yearly,

and allowed by the Court of Aldermen, auditor's AN iovvance,

Penalty upon Chambarlain mi (applying the Money.

Chambcilain, See. to give a Note of what is owing.

Orphans Debt transferable.

No Person compellable to pay Orphans Money into the cham ber.

Process upon

Recognisance

saved.

Corporation Rands charged, if Mayor, e. xnifdpfly.

Fines, Sec. upon the Mayor, Sic. not to be discharged.

C 10. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Maria:. A.D. 1694.

That there hall, from Time to Time, be provided and kept by the said Chamberlain for the said City of London for the Time being, one or more Book or Books of Vellum or Parchment, in which all Moneys to be received, by any the Ways or' Means herein before mentioned, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be received, be entered or set down, and for what the same was received; and also one other like Book or Books, wherein the Accounts of ail Payments and Disbursements out of the same shall be likewise entered, expressing the Time when, the Occasion for which', and the Name of the Person or Persons to whom the same were so paid and disbursed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons to have free Access unto, and View of the said respective Books of Receipts and Disbursements, at all Times, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, without any Fee or Reward to be taken for the View or Inspection thereof: And that the Receipts and Payments fall the Moneys aforesaid, by the said Chamberlain of the said City, or other Officer, who shall be appointed by the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, to receive or issue out the said Moneys, be audited yearly upon Oath before one of the Auditors of the imprest for the Time being (which Oath the Arid Auditors respectively are hereby required to administer) between the Feast Days of Saint Michael the Archangel, and Saint Thomas the Apostle; and the said Auditor shall have and receive of the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being, the Sum of twenty Shillings, and no more, for every thousand Pounds the said Accounts shall amount unto, the whi.h Accounts so audited shall be signed by the said Auditor, and be allowed also by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, and fairly entered, and remain in the Chamber of the said City, to be perused and viewed as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Person. aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the said Moneys, divert or misapply the same, or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then Rich Officer or Person, so diverting or misapplying the said Money, hall forfeit treble the Sum so. misapplied; which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by any the said Orphans, or other Creditors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, that shall sue. for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain and common Sergeant of the said City, shall upon Request give unto every of the said Orphans and Creditors, and to their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, a Bill or Note in Writing of the principal Debt and Interest owing to such Orphan or Creditor, and to their' respective Executors, Administrators or assigns; that any Person or Persons, to whom any Money shall be payable by Virtue of this Act, may by' Writing under his or their respective Hands and Seals assign and transfer his, her or their Right or Interest, and to such Moneys payable by Virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; which being entered or registered in a Book to be kept by the said Mayor and Court of aider men for that Purpose (which they are hereby enjoined to keep) and the Note or Bill of the said Debt so given as aforesaid being delivered up to the Officer appointed by the said Court of Aldermen for that Purpose, who shall thereupon give his Note or Bill in Writing of the Debt so assigned, to the Party or Parties to whom such Assignment shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees, his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be intituled to the Benefit thereof, and of all Moneys payable thereon, and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of any such Person or Persons, who have made such Alignments, to make void, release or discharge the same, or the Moneys, thereby assigned, or any Part thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time be compelled or obliged by Virtue of any Custom within the said City, or by any Order or Process of the Court of Orphans, or otherwise howsoever, to pay or deliver into the Chamber of the said City of London, any Sum or Sums of Money or personal Estate, due or to be due or belonging to any Orphan or Orphans of any Freeman of the said City; any Law or Usage for enforcing the same notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or conftrned to extend to impeach, make void, or prevent Process upon any Recognisance already given, according to the Custom of the said City.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Sum or Sums by this Act appropriated, or arty Part thereof, shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other Use than as aforesaid, by the said Corporation of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London for the Time being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person, by Colour of any Warrant or Authority by, from, or under them; that then in such Case the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, shall and may be answerable for the same, out of the Revenue of the said Corporation, in any Action to be brought by any of the said Orphans, or other Creditors, their Heirs or Assigns: said Sum so recovered shall go and be to and for the Uses aforesaid, in like Manner as the same (if not misapplied) should or might have been, excepting the Costs of such Suit, which shall be to and for the Benefit of him, her or them so suing.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, I hat all Amerciaments, Fines, issues, or Distresses against the said Corporation of the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors respectively, had, charged or levied, in or upon Account of such Suit or Actions brought, shall be applied to the Uses afors said, and to no other Use whatsoever, nor shall the same be pardoned, acquitted or discharged by any Letters of Signet, Privy Seal, or Great Seal, of their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, or otherwise( ( any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Gunelmi 6c Marine. C 10. 553

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when, and as often as any Application shall be made Orphans hereto the Paid Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the Time being, on Behalf of any Orphan or Orphans ofaf cr ma' the said City, by the Executors or Administrators of the Father of such Orphans, to pay in and lodge anythj a' '

or Sums of Money, of or belonging to such Orphan or Orphans, in the said Chamber, and to have the Benefit of the said Provision hereby made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, and they are hereby empowered and directed, to order the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, to pay off the like Sum to such Person or Persons intituled to the said yearly Payments as aforesaid, as they think fit, not being Orphans under the Age of one and twenty Years, and giving three Months Notice to or for the Person or Persons so to be paid off and discharged; at the End of which three Months, upon Payment, or tendring of the said Moneys due for Principal and Interest to or for the Person or Persons to whom such Notice shall be given, according to the Provision hereby made, at the Office of the said chamberlain.in guild hall, London, then and from thenceforth the annual Sum or Sums of Money payablp to such Person or Persons, to whom such Notice, Payment, or Tender shall be made or given, shall cease and determine, and the same shall become due and payable to or for the Use of such Orphan or Orphans, who shall have paid in the Moneys for the same, and shall be registered accordingly, and be assignable as aforesaid. Nevertheless, the Moneys so tendred shall be paid to such Person and Persons, upon their Demand of the same, and assigning or giving a Discharge for the same, it being hereby enacted and declared, That the Provision hereby made shall be and remain a perpetual Stock or Fund for the Benefit of the Orphans of the said City successively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all such of the said Debts due to any of the said t>rpllajls Orphans, as have been at any Time before the said five and' twentieth Day of December assigned or[l antfcrre^ma granted, or covenacted to be assigned or granted, or for which any Authority hath heretofore been given orrcjeem in 3 " granted, by any of the said Orphans, ..their Husbands, Executors or Administrators, to any Person or Per years Time, tonnes, to receive the same, or any Part thereof, to the Use of such Person so authorised, or any other Person beside such Orphan, shall and may be redeemed, and are hereby declared to be redeemable by the said Orphans, or their Husbands, or their respective Executors or Administrators, on Payment of the said principal Sum of Money paid in Considerat on of making the said Assignment, Grant, Covenant or Authority, together with the Charges and Interest for the same, from the Time of the Payment thereof, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for one Year, discounting for what hath been received for or in respect of the said Debt by any such Person to whom such Assignment or Authority was made or given, and upon Payment or JL ender of the said principal Money, Interest, and Charges, such Grant,

Assignment or Authority, and all Covenants and Agreements concerning the same, shall be void. Provided nevertheless, That such Redemption as aforesaid be made within the Space of three Years from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And whereas diverse Persons, pretending as Agents and Solicitors so obtain the Payment of thebonds to Orphans Debts by Act of Parliament or otherwise, have induced many Orphans, and others for them, to asents v0li ' enter into Obligations, Agreements, Contracts, Subscriptions, or other Securities, for Payment of large Portions of their Debts whensoever it should be recovered, which may amount to very great sums be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Bonds, Obligations, Agreements, Contracts, Subscriptions, and other Securities so entered into, shall be null and void; and that it shall be lawful for the Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, out of the Revenue settled by this Act for Re mayor, C lies of the Orphans and other Creditors, to allow and pay unto such Agents and Solicitors what they Pay Agents, judge may be reasonable; which Sums shall be allowed in the Account of the said Revenue; and in case any such Agents or Solicitors shall demand or receive anymore Money upon Account of, or from any of Agent offending the said Orphans, than what shall be so adjudged due to them respectively, they shall respectively forfeitp^'atse rel)ie treble the Sum they shall so receive, to be recovered together with Costs of Suit, by such Person or amabes' Persons, who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, no any more than one Imparlance.

XXV. Provided, That this Act shall not extend to the New River Water, nor to the Profits and New Rwr Perquisites thereof. Provided nevertheless - nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or taken Water fated, to hinder or obstruct the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the names Water in York York Buildings Buildings, or their Assigns, from, taking or drawing Water out of the River of Thames, or from laying Water saved or repairing their Pipes or Branches, according to an Act of Parliament in that Behalf made; but that they may Hill enjoy all their Rights and Titles by the said Act provided, and may Hill continue to take the said Thames Water, and to lay and repair their Pipes, as they might have lawfully done before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided also, That neither the said Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the tzvwtwproviso for Water in York Buildings, or their Assigns, nor the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their pipcs.

Assigns, do or shall disturb, obstruct, or hinder each other, in laying, repairing or amending such their respective Pipes or Branches, or to do or cause to be done any Prejudice or Damage to each others Pipes or Branches.

XXVI. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall be construed or taken to hinder or obstruct the$had« el Wstar Governor and Company of the waterworks and water houses in Shadwell, or their successors, of^'

any Right or Title to take and receive Water out of the River of Thames, nor to hinder or obstruct Vox. III them

C

10.

Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

3 &*C ay Act.

w

j.q'idon Bridge Water laved.

5. Hutchtnfon paying a Snare in th s Lights, to have the

plead General ifltue> C

pubkck Act,

them in laying Pipes and Branches in the Streets and open Passages, or holding, using, exercising, or enjoying all or any such Right, Title, Estate, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages whatieever, as by one Act 01 this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the waterworks in the Parifj)

& m.of St. Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and, settling the said L 'nvate waterworks, or by any other lawful Ways and Means, they and their Successors do now enjoy the same, or as they may or might enjoy the same, as if this present Act had never been made; anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to the waterworks of Mailer Thomas Morris, at or near London Bridge, which he holdeth and enjoyeth by virtue of a Grant made to Peter Morris his late Grandfather, from the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, for the Term of five hundred Years, by Indenture under their common Seal, dated the four and twentieth Day of November in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, nor any of the Profits and Benefits arising or accruing thereby, nor to make the same liable, or appropriate the same, or any Part thereof, to the Payment of the said Interest Moneys or Fund hereby intended, other than the rent reserved upon the said Lease.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Sanakl Hutchinson Gentleman, or his Assigns. pay to the Partners in the Convex Eights, before the four and twenielh Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety five, his and their full Proportion of Money

same Benefits ssfor Stock for his and their Shares, as the other Partners have paid, and do within the same Time agree and r.tlcis. covenant, under his and their Hands and Seals, to Hand to and perform all such Contrasts and Agreements,

as are or shall be made by; the said Partners; then he the said Samuel hutchinson, his executors, ad ministrators, and - Assigns, 11 Jbiall and may have, hold, and enjoy the same Interest and Benefit in the Trembles, as 'any of the said partners do or may at any Time hold and enjoy the same, according to their respective Proportions;

Personjfted may

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted agarnft any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the general Iflire thereunto, and upon triafof1 any Issue joined, may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor mall become nonsuit, ' or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Vrrdifl pass against him, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover their Coils, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by law.are given to Defendants.

XX. X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be accepted, taken, and reputed to be a general Act of Parliament, of which all and every the Judge and Judges of this Kingdom, in all Courts, shall take Notice on all Occasions whatsoever, as if it were a public Act of Parliament relating to the whole Kingdom; anything herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Monjy retained '

XXXI. And whereas the Residue of the Revenue belonging to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, v»!qrses an Citizens, over and above whatis hereby appointed to and for the Use of the said Orphans and Creditors, will not be sufficient, until further Improvements can be made, to answer and defray the Expenses necessary for Supporting the Government and public Charges of the said City; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Space of seven Years, commencing from the nine and twentieth Day of September last pass, it shall be lawful for the Mayor and Court of Aldermen to retain and apply, and for the Chamberlain to issue and pay, towards the necessary Expenses or Charges, any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of two thousand Pounds yearly, out of the Moneys hereby appointed to and for the Use of the said Orphans and Creditors as aforesaid; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Deduction and allowance of the said1two thousand" Pounds per Annum, for the Use and Support of the Government of t ie said City of London, during the said Term of seven Years, there shall not be raised and paid to the Orphans and Creditors by this Act intended to be provided for, out of the Residue of the Rents, Issues and Profits of the several Provisions and Funds abovementioned, so much Money as will fully fiitisfy all the said Orphans and Creditors Interest for all their several and respective Debts, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, during the said, whole Term of seven Years, that then and in such Case the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London for the Time being, shall repay into the Hands of the Chamberlain of londonlor the Time being, within seven Years after thi? Expiration of the said Term, the whole and full Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as they shall have made use of for the Support of the Government, by two thousand Pounds per Annum, or such l.fs yearly Sum, as shall be proportionable to what they shall have so made use of, until the same, or so much t' ereof as shall make good the Deficiency that shall appear in the Satisfaction of the Interest of all the said Moneys due to the said Orphans and other Creditors, at the Rate aforesaid, by reason of applying the said two thousand Pounds fer Annum, or any Part thereof, to the Use of and for the Support of the Government of the said City for the Term aforesaid, shall be satisfied; and for securing (he Repay -- rhent thereof, as aforesaid, all and every the Estate, Rents, Revenues, Interest, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments of any Sort (except the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Estate Possessions, and Revenue, of and belonging to the said Hospitals or belonging to the said City of London, or Borough of Southwark,

z' and for 7 Years,

Money retained to be repaid.

city Landfr charged with Repayment,

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Gulielmi 5c Maria;. C ir. 555

and such as are chargeable with and for the Repairs of London Bridge, which at the Expiration of the said Term of seven Years shall belong unto the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens thereof in their politic or public Capacity only) shall be and are hereby charged and made subject and liable thereunto.

CAP. XI.

An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter sessions of the Peace.

WHEREAS it is experienced, that notwithstanding the Statutes made in the one and twentiethji Re. es. ' Year of the Reign of King 'james the First, and in the thirteenth and fourteenth and two and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, concerning the granting of Writs of Certiorari, to remove & z. ' Indictments of Riots, forcible Entry, Assault and Battery, and o.her Presentments and indictments outc of the Courts of the General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, in the Counties or Places wherein such ft ar's'

1 Indictments have been found, and Proceedings thereupon recorded, into their Majesties Court of King's b

' Bench, diverse turbulent, contentious, lewd, and evil disposed Persons, fearing to be defervcdly punished where they and their Offences are well known, have not only obtained Writs of Certiorari for removing such Indictments found against them as aforesaid, but al o Indict, rents for sundry other Trespasses, Frauds,

' Nufances, Contempts, and imiiderneanors, after Issue joined, and the Prosecutors attending with their,

council and Witnesses to try the lame before the said justices of the Peace in their said Sessions, to the great discour.gement of the Prosecutors, and of such Constables and other Officers, as according to their Duty present Persons for those and suchlike Trespasses, Offences, 'and misdemeanorsfor Remedy whereof, and that such Offenders may be brought to condign Punishment,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's moult Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Con certiorari in lent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by Term Time^the Authority of the same, That in Term Time no Writ of Certiorari whatsoever, at the Prosecution

iny Party indicted, be hereafter granted, awarded, or directed out of the said Court of King's Bench, tol ion' remove any such Indictment or Presentment of Trespass or Misdemealior, before Trial had, from before' the said Justices in the said Courts of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such Certiorari shall be granted or awarded upon Motion of Council, and by Rule of Court made for the granting thereof, before the Judge or Judges of the said Court of King's Bench sitting in open Court, and that all the Parties indicted, prosecuting such Certiorari, before the Allowance thereof, shall find two sufficient Manu recognisance captors, who shall enter into a Recognisance before one or more Justices of the Peace of the County or ' "ft Place, in the Sum of twenty Pounds, with Condition at the Return of such Writ to appear and plead tocjjea^es 11 the said Indictment or Presentment in the said Court of King's Bench, and at his and their own Coils and i Salk. 564' Charges to cause and procure the Issue that shall be joined upon the said Indictment or Presentment, or any Plea relating thereunto, to be tried at the next Assizes to be held for the County wherein the said Indictment or Presentment was found, after such Certiorari shall be returnable, if not in the Cities of London, e«eptton- Westminster, or County of Middlesex, and if in the said Cities or County, then to cause or procure it to tried the next Term after, wherein such Certiorari shall be granted, or at the Sitting after the said Term, 1 1'if the court of King's Bench shall not appoint any other Time for the Trial thereof; and if any other Time shall be appointed by the Court, then at such other Time, and to give due Notice of such Trial to the Prosecutor, or his Clerk in Court; and that the said Recognisance and Recognizances, taken as afore certiorari said, shall be certified into the said Court of King's Bench, with the said Certiorari and Indictment, to besramed.'vit, )Bt there filed, and the Name of the Prosecutor (if he be the Party grieved or injured) or l'ome public Officer, r snlzarice to be endorsed on thetbackof the said Indictment, and if the Person prosecuting such Certiorari, being the Defendant, shall not, before Allowance thereof, procure such Manucaptors to be bound in a Recognisance as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace may and shall proceed to Trial of the said Indictment at the said Sessions, notwithstanding such Writ of Certiorari so delivered.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the Defendant prosecuting fqch Writ of Certiorari be convicted Officers prose of the Offence for which he was indicted, that then the said Court of King's Bench shall give reafor.abiec»f; nsftall have Costs to the Prosecutor, if he be the Party grieved or injured, or be a Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, double Cofl6, Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor, or any other Civil

Officer, who shall prosecute upon the Account of any Sail committed or done, that concerned him or them, as Officer or Officers, to prosecute or present, which Coils shall be taxed according to the Course of the said Court, and that the Prosecutor, for the Recovery of such Costs, shall within ten Days after Demand made of the Defendant, and Refusal of Payment on Oath, have an Attachment granted against the Defendant by the said Court for such his Contempt; and that the said Recognisance shall not be discharged till the Costs so taxed shall be paid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any of the Vacations, Ceriidrari how writs of Certiorari may be granted by any of the Justices of their Majesties Court of King's Bench, wholegranrawe in Names shall be endorsed on the said Writ, and also the Name of such Person at whole Instance the same is Vacation, granted, and that the Party or Parties indicted, prosecuting such Certiorari, shall, before the Allowance of such Writ or Writs of Certiorari, find such Sureties., in such Sum, and iyith such Conditions, as are before mentioned and specified in this present Act.

Certiorari in

Chester, chow granted.

Certiorari upon repairing Highways, See.

This A to continue for three Years.

Caprps pro fine T, ..kcn away.

5 Mod. 2, 85.

i Salk, 54*

Fine turned into Costs.

C 12. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Certiorari granted or awarded within the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, to remove indictments or Preferments for any of the Matters aforementioned, all the Parties indicted, prosecuting such Certiorari, shall find such Sureties, to be bound in such Sums, and with such respective Conditions, and at his or their own cjiis and Charges shall cause and procure the issue joined upon the said Indictments or Presentments to be tried at the next Assizes or general Gaol Delivery to be held for the said respective Counties, and shall give like Notice to the Prosecutor, and if convicted, shall be liable to like Costs, to be taxed as is by this Act provided for in Cases where the same are granted or awarded out of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Indictment or present rrient be against any Person or Persons, for not repairing of any Highways, Causeways, Pavements, or Bridges, and the Right or Title to repair the same may come in Question, upon such Suggestion and Affidavit made of the Truth therof, a Certiorari may be granted to remove the same into the Court of King's Bench, any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided nevertheless, That Me Party or Parties prosecuting such Certiorari shall find two Manucaptors to be bound in a Recognisance with Condition as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 8 & 9W. 3. cap. 33. J

By 13 Oca. 2. C is. /. 5. No Certiorari to be granted to remove any conviction, unless moved for voitbin six Calendar Months after such Conviffisri

CAP. XII.

An act to take away the Process for the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts at Westminster.

WHEREAS there are diverse Suits and Actions of Trespass, Ejedlment, Assault, and false Imprisonment, brought W Party against Party in the respective Courts of Law at Westminster, and upon Judgement entered against the Defendant or Defendants in such Suits or Actions, the respective Courts aforesaid do (ex officio) issue out Process against such Defendant and Defendants, for a Fine to the Crown, for a Breach of the Peace thereby committed, which is not ascertained, but is usually come pounded for a small Sum of Money by some Officer in each of the said Courts, hut never ellreated into the Exchequer; which Officers, or some of them, do very often outlaw the Defendants for the same, to their very great Damage: 'For Remedy whereof,

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Writ or Writs, commonly called Capias pro Fine, in any of the said Suits or Actions in any of the said Courts, shall be sued out or prosecuted against any of the said Defendant or Defendants, or any further Process thereupon; but the same Fines, and all former Fines yet unpaid, are and shall hereby be remitted and discharged for ever. Yet nevertheless the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Action shall (upon signing Judgement therein, over and above the usual Fees for signing thereof) pay to the proper Officer, who signeth the same, the Sum of six Shillings and eight Pence, in lull Satisfaction of the said Fine, and all Fees due for or concerning the said Fine, to be distributed in such Manner as Fines and Sees of this Kind have usually been, and not otherwise; which said Officer and Officers shall make an Increase to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs of so much in their Costs, to be taxed against the said Defendant and Defendants.

Di, 1

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mariae.

C 13 — 16. 557

CAP. XIII.

An Act to repeal the Statute made in the tench Year of King Edward the Third, for finding Sureties for the good abearing, by him or her that hath a Pardon of Felony.

WHEREAS by one Act made at the Parliament held in the tenth Year of the Reign of King Ed 3-

' Edward the Third, it was amongst other Things enacted, That in case the King should grant '

' any Charters of Pardon, of Manslaughter, Robbery, felonies, and other Trespasses against the Peace,

' that, within three Months after the making the same, they that should have the said Charters, should '

' come and find (before the Sheriffs and Coroners of the Counties where the Felonies were done) six goed and sufficient Mainpernors, for whom the said Sheriffs and Coroners would answer, that they front thenceforth should bear themselves well and lawfully; and that the Main prizes should be sealed with their Seals, and returned into Chancery within three Weeks after the End of the said three Months;

' and that if they that should have such Charters, would in Time to come aid themselves thereby, and should not find such Mainprizes, or after such Mainprize found, should bear themselves otherwise against the Peace than they ought, their Charters should be held for none; which Statute hath been found very inconvenient, in relation to diverse Persons, who have been esteemed fit objects of Mercy; and therefore the said Statute hath been seldom put in Practice, but for the most Part hath been dispensed withal in the

Charters of Pardons that were granted in former Reigns: And forasmuch as by one Act made in the

' first year of their now Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the w*I

and settling the Succession of the Crown, it was enacted, That from and after that Session of Parlia 2 C 2'

ment, no Dispensation by Non ohjlante of or to any Statute or any Part thereof should be allowed, but that the same should be held void and of none Effect; whereby diverse of their Majesties Subjects are rendered less capable of their Majesties Mercy than before, it being very difficult, if not impossible, to find six

I substantial Persons, who will adventure to be bound for the good Behaviour of any Person needing a ' Pardon during his Life

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in Parliament afisembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the tenth Year of King Edward the Third, and every Edi Article and Clause therein, shall be and are repealed and annulled, and are hereby declared to be repealedc"3 repea e<e and annulled, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Charter of Pardon be pleaded by any Person for any Felony, the Justices, Persons pardon before whom such Pardon shall he pleaded, may at their Discretion remand or commit such Person to Pri covtus^ndin son, there to remain until he or she shall enter into a Recognisance, with two sufficient Sureties, for his fantr> smay be' or her being of the good Behaviour for any Time not exceeding seven Years. Provided, That if any such required to give Charter of Pardon be pleaded by a same Covert, or Infant, such same Covert or Infant may find two fuf Security for ficient Sureties, who shall enter into a Recognisance for him or her being of the good Behaviour as js Good Behavi

- r., J ° do ourfor 7 Years,

aforesaid,

XIV

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable quarterly for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous ware X p

France.

CAP. XV.

An Act for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert their exp.

Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for the Payment of Quarters, for one Year

longer.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the Importation of Salt Petre for one Year, 'exp.

Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

*2 Ed. 3. C 5* 33 H. 8. C 7. 2 & 3 Ed. 6. C

37-

Iron, C to be exported.

By 7 Annap, C 8. §.8.british Copper may be exported Duty free.'

pnt metal, C excepted.

EXP

EXP.

Tuarftge upen' Ships given ft yeais.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Mundick Metal.

WHEREAS by several Statutes, the one made in the eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of Edward the Third, and the other in the three and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and another in the second Year of the Reign of Eduard the Sixth, late Kings of England, Iron,

Copper, and bell metal, are prohibited to be exported out of this Realm, under several Penalties in the said Statutes respectively contained For the better Encouragement of the working of Copper Mines within their Majesties Dominions,

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, Bodies politic or corporate, to ship and export all and all Manner of Iron, Copper, or Mundick Metal out of this Realm of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except unto or for the Use of the French King, or any of his Subjects residing within his Dominions, or in to or for any Port or Place within his said Dominions, during the present War between their Majesties and the French King, paying the Duties and Customs by Law payable for the same; the said recited Statutes, or any other Statute, Law, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided that this Act shall not extend to the Exportation of any pot metal, gun metal, shruff metal, or any old Metal, or any Mixture therewith, or of any Copper or other Metal, than what is made of English Ore only.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made. Grants by King Charles Second, cof any Part or Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall good. Grants to be for 31 Years, or determinable upon 3 Lives. Not difpunishable ofwade. Usual Rent. Covenants, C to bind Reversioners. Saving to all their Rights, except the King, C Tenants compounding for the increased Rent, old Rent only tsaand. Fees for Grants of small Value. Penalty upon Officers offending.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety four, altho' the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tunnage of Ships and vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses: and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen..hundred thousand Pounds towards the carrying, on the War against France.

Most Gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjectt, the Commons assembled in Parliament, for the further Supply of your Majesties extraordinary Occasions, for and towards the necessary Defence of your Realms, do humbly present your Majesties with the further Gift of the Impositions, Rates, and ( Duties herein after mentioned 5 and do beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted,

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and gonfent.of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during the Term of four Years, commencing fresh the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and four, there shall be through.

vuti

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Marine, C 20. 559

out the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, 'for theconti colleifled, and paid unto and for the Use of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and upon the "uancyj' / Tunnage of all Ships and vessels, wherein at anytime or Times, and for every Time during the said 's ff S Term of four Years, there shall be imported any Goods or Merchandizes in o this Kingdom of England, I, 3: .' Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any the Parts, Places, or Countries hereafter mentioned, C

Several Rates. East Indies Ships, See, 50s. Italy, Turtw, 1 rs. periugat, Spain, 10s. tvcfl Indies, 10s. Hell and, Sec. 3s. Norway t See.

EXP.

js. Inland, Scotland, 2s. Sir eights, 15s, Gunca, A feu a, 20s. Hudson's Bay, cs. Caturhs, ros. Greenland, 10s. Coasters, 6d. i'unndge to be paid upon Arrival at a Port. Matter, cot Ship importing Goods, upon Avrival to pay the Tax, 01 give Security. Rtbatc for prompt Payment, Ship and Tackle forfeited, and Mister liable to pay the Duties, Tax upoo Importer shall he born, two Thirds by the mcfrhar.t, and one Third by the Owner. Owners of Ccaftets to pay the whole. Ships from Greenland only chargeable for Goods really importtd. Newfoundland 103. per Tonne fer Goods really impo tel. Ships from France, how to be charged in Time of Peace. Sand, C

Irom. Port to Port lived. Ships how to be measurel. [Altered by 6 Sr. 7 W. 3. C 12. §. ic.j

X. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, Excise granted An Act for granting to the tr Majesties several additional Duties upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors for four UP" C

fresh the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, end other Liquors, during f jq i '

the Space of one Year, doth expire, 'it was enacted, That from and after the seventeenth Day of November g, -, '-, y 3§,

in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and one, there should be throughout their Majesties Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied,

collected, and paid, unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, during the Space and Term of k four Years, and no longer, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors therein mentioned, byway of Excise, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former act or als, which should be then unexpired, set, and imposed, in such Manner as therein is mentioned; which Rates and i' Duties aforesaid, by al of Parliament made in the third and fourth Years of their now Majesties Reign, are continued until the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred and ninety seven Be it further enacted, That for the further Encouragement of such Persons who shall voluntarily contribute towards the raising and paying into their Majesties Exchequer any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, upon the several Terms and Recompenses herein after mentioned, that from and after the seventeenth Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, there shall be throughout their Majesties Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors, herein after expressed, by way of Excise, over and aboye all Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former Actor acts then unexpired, The several set, and imposed, one Moiety or half r.rt of the several Rates and Duties of Excise granted by the said Rates, last mentioned at, in Manner and Form following (that is to say) (i) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale, ^re'ar]j0*e' fd" above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, brewed by the common Brewer, or any, 0portheappro other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by pmtion of these the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportionally for a greater Duties, see or letter Quantity, over and above the Duties payable for the same, nine Pence. (2) For every Barrel Geo'f of Beer, or Ale, of six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person g Geo. i/c. 4." or Persons who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ade publicly or privately, to be paid by the common Brew Beer, C 6s. er, or by such other Person. or Persons respectively, as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater oior under, 3d. letter Quantity, over and above the Duties payable for the same, threepence. (3) For every Barrel ofv inc63rensi; ft Vinegar, or vmegat beer, brewed or made of any Engftjh Materials, by any common Brewer, or any IS d other Person for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably fora greater or letter Quantity, over and above the Duties of Excise payable for the same, one Shilling sixpence. (4) For every vincgarforcign, Barrel of Vinegar, or Liquor prepared for Vinegar, made here for Sale, that hath run through Rape, orfs^.he.duticsnn, made with or patting through any foreign Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, to be paid vinegar artai by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or letter Quantity, four Shillings. (5) For eve tered by 10 & ry Barrel of Beer, Ale, or Mum, imported from beyond the Seas, or from the islands of Guernsey or Jer n w. 3. c.*r. Jey, and so proportionably for a greater or letter Quantity, to be paid by the Importers before landing, §8-15- over and above the Duties payable for the same, three Shillings. (6) For every Tonne of Cyder or Perry j "r'ltedum' C imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or letter Quantity, to be paid by the cyder, C*before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, four Pounds. (7) For every imported per Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Import Tun, 4l. ers before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, sixpence. (8) for every Gallon f Gallon" 6d Brandy, Spirits, or Aq a Vita, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the etandy Double, 'Seas, to be paid by the Importers before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, ones,

Shilling. (9) For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to., be paid by the Cyder retailed Retailer thereof, over and aboye the Duties payable for the same, and so proportionably for a greater orlef Per Hogshead, fer Measure, one Shilling threepence. (10) For all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale, whether by Retail meav&c. pel, or otherwise, to be paid by the Maker, for every Gallon threepence. Gallon, d

3 XL

5 6°

How to be levied.

12 Car. 2. C 24

xz Car. 2, C 23 Car 2* C ir'

Commissioners of Excise and Customs to keep these Duties apart.

stnd pay the Money weekly into the Exchequer,

where it is to be registered.

Penalty upon

Commissioners

offending.

The King may order Officers Salaries, crut of the Duties.

Excise Office to be continued in London.

140,000l. to he.a yearly fund.

C 20. Anno quinto Guglielmi &c Mariae. A.D. 1694.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates, Duties, and impositions, upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and orb. Liquots aforesaid, be levied, collected, and paid unto their ma jeflies, their Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in the Act m de in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for tiring away the Court of tkards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof: And also in and by another Add made im the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late kingcharles

the Second, intituled, A Grant of certain Impoftions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life: And also in and by another Add made in the fifteenth Year of the

reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise, and preventing the Abuses therein, or by any other Law in Force relating to the said Revenue of Excise; and that the aforesaid Adds, and every Article, Rule, and Clause therein mentioned, as for and concerning only the Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors by this Acd granted, shall be of full Force and eft edd to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as if the same were at large and particularly recited and set down in the Body of this Add.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners and Governors for Management and Receipt of the Excise, and Commissioners and other Officers of the Culdoms respectively, at the head office in London, for the Time being, shall separate and keep apart all and every the Moneys arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Add granted, as the same shall from Time to Time arise, or be paid into the said Office of Excise, or unto the receiver-general of the Customs for the Time being respectively, by the Receivers or Collectors of the same, or by any other Person whatsoever; and the Comptroller of the Excise, and the Comptroller of the Customs for the Time being, or their respective Deputies, shall keep a perfedd and distinct Account, in Books fairly written, of all the Rates and Duties arising by this Act, to which all Persons shall have free Access, at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Charge: And the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise, and the said Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, are hereby required and strictly enjoined from Time to Time to pay weekly, videlicet, on Wednesday in every Week, i. it be not a Holiday, and if it be, then the next day after that is not a Holiday, all and every the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties hereby granted, into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, distinct and apart from the other Moneys, which the said Commissioners and Governors respectively shall receive for the Use of their Majesties, their Heirs and sue ce ffors.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer, that is to say, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, one Book, in which all the said weekly Moneys, which shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid and payable to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners and Governors respectively for the Time being, shall refuse or negledd to pay into the Exchequer all or any the said weekly Sums appointed to be paid as aforesaid, in such Manner as they are before by this Add required to do, or shall divert or misapply any Part of the same, or if such Comptroller shall negledd his Duty in keeping such Accounts as aforesaid, then he or they for any such Offence shall forfeit their respective Offices or Places, and be incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever; and such Commissioner or Commissioners in such Case offending shall be liable to pay the full Value of any Sum or Sums so diverted, or misapplied, to any Person or Persons who will fuc for the same by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Proteddion, Wager of Law, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for their Majesties, their Heirs, and Successors, out of the said Duties arising by the Tunnage of Ships and Vessels, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from Time to Time for Salaries, or other incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecding, levying, or managing of the same Duties upon the Tunnage of Ships and Vessels, during the said Term herein by this Add granted; anything in this Add contained to the contrary notwithstanding. EXP. '

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the head office of Excise, which is now established within the City of London, shall be continued and be within the said City, or ten Miles thereof, for ever, and a sufficient Number of Commissioners therein, from Time to Time, shall be continued or appointed by their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, to govern and manage the Receipt of Excise, and to perform and execute the several Matters and Things hereby enjoined to be done and executed by such Commissioners; that in like Manner there shall be continued and be within the said City, or ten Miles thereof, for ever, by the Appointment of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, a Comptroller of Excise to keep the Accounts before mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, reckoning the first Year to begin from the first Day of Jane whiclt shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and four, the full Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said several Duties upon the Tunnage of Ships and Vessels, and by the said Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted, or any of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer

1 ty

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi &c Mariae. C 20. 56c

dy weekly Payments as aforesaid (in case the said weekly Payments shall extend thereunto) shall he the whole and entire yearly.fund j.and in case the said weekly Payments shall not amount to one hundred and forty thousand Pounds per Annum, then the said weekly Moneys or Payments, so far as the same will extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund for and towards the answering and paying off the several and respectt!vc Annuities herein after mentioned, and for other the Purposes hereafter in this Act cxpiefilu; and in The r n nf the case the said Duties upon the Tunnage of Ships and Vessels, and the said Rates and Duties of Excise by Revenue d. ir this Act: granted, or any of them, shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Pro 'v'1' " lh' duce of the same, as that within any one Year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, the weekly Payments upon these J

same Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall not amount to so much as one hundred and forty tin.hand.

Pounds, or to so much as shall be sufficient to discha ge and satisfy the f.dd several and respective Annuities, and other Benefits or Advantages by this Actappointed or intended to be paid, within or for the same Year respectively, that then and so often, and in every such Case, the Commissioners of their Majesties treafu fy, and the under treasurer of the Exchequer now being, and the Treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby straitly enjoined and required by virtue of this Act, and without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained from their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors in this Behalf, to cause every such Deficiency to be made goodbye applying, issuing, or paying, so much of any Treasure or Revenue, belonging or to belong to their Ivf a jellies, their Heirs or Successors (not being appropriated to any particular life or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament) towards the discharging or paying oft' the said Annuities or other Benefits or Advantages appointed to be paid by this Act, as together wi.h ihe Moneys which shall have been brought into the said Receipt, of or for the said several Rates or Duties hereby granted, shall be sufficient to pay off and distlurge, and shall completely pay oft' and discharge, all the Moneys which within the same Year respectively shall be grown due, or ought to be paid upon the said Annuities, or other Benefits or Advantages, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better raising and paying into The 140,000l. the Receipt of the Exchequer the Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, part of the Sum of fifteen hun 1° be k>pt put dred thousand Pounds the yearly Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, arising by and out of'" ths Elcl, s the Duties and Impositions granted by this Act, shall be kept separate and apart in the said Receipt of Ex ^ucr' chequer, to be paid over from Time to Time unto such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, Proportion, and Form, as is herein after directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the rm jefhes their Majesties, by Commission under the Great Seal of England, to authorise and appoint any Number miyynakecom of Persons to take and receive all such voluntary Subscriptions as shall be made on or before the first Day

of August which shall be in the: Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four, by any Person oruonsfoi Lnp" Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for and towards the raising and paying into 1, 200,000l. the Receipt of Exchequer the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, and that the yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the find yearly 100, 000].

Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, arising by and out of the said Duties and Impositions be annually appro, fore mentioned, shall be applied, ifl ued, and directed, and is hereby appropriated, to the Ufc and Advan subscribers tage of such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, as shall mane ffu.h voluntary Subscriptions V and Payments, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, in the Proportion hereafter mentioned (that is to say)' that each weekly or other Payment arising by and out of the Duties and Impositions granted by this Act shall, by the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid in, be Auditnrof the separated and divided into five seventh Parts and two seventh Parts, which is according to the Proportion Exchequer t fat of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, to the said yearly Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, which five seventh Parts of the said several Payments arising by and out of the Duties w" ck!y p., y and Impositions granted by this Act, and so set apart, is and are hereby intended and appropriated for and ments for the towards the Payment and Satisfaction of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and shall Subscribers. from Time to Time he issued and paid, as the same flail come into the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the sl"tlas app1, ed Uses and Advantages of such Subscribers and Contributors, their Heirs, Successors or Assigns, as shall fub pue^q feribe and contribute strand t wards the raising and paying into the Receipt of Exchequer the said Sum of tot. 2, C 12. twelve hundred thousand Pounds, part of the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds. §. 12.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for their Majesties, by Letters King rosy appatents under the Great Seal of England, to limit, direct, and appoint, how and in what Manner and Poim Rnicsifor Proportions, and under what Rules and Directions, the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, transtcmng> Part of the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, and the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand

Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, and every or any Part or Proportion thereof, may be assignable or transferrable, assigned or transferred, to such Person or Persons only, as shall freely and voluntarily accept of the same, and not otherwise; to incorporate all and eve m?1'6 the ry such Subscribers and Contributors, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, to be one Body Corporate and f, ubf'nl>c.ls a Politic:, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, 'and by the famename of by Name of the The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, 'to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, banky&c. and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, purchase, receive, possess, enjoy, and retain to them and their Successors, Lands, Rents, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of what Kind, Nature, or Quality soever 3 and also to sell; grant, demise, alicne, or

562

C. 20.

Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

Subject to Redemption. Proportionable Part of the

vanced.

and Corporation to cease.

7 Anns, «. 7. $ 5*

Officers of the Exchequer required to pay.

dispose of the same, and by the same Name to sue and implead, and be sued and impleaded, answer and bj answered, in Courts of Record, or any other Place whatsoever, and to do and execute all and Angular other Matters and Things by the Name aforesaid, that to them hall or may appertain to do; subject nevertheless to the Proviso and Condition of Redemption herein after mentioned.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case the whole Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sutn of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, hall not be advanced and paid

of "he su°in ad" nt tae ^ece pt f Exchequer before the first Day of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four, that then the Subscribers and Contributors for and towards the raising and paying of the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, shall only have and receive so much, and such Part and Proportion to the said Sum and Sums so respectively paid and advanced, as shall be after the The 1, 100, 009l. Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that at any Time upon twelve Months Notice, after the redeemable after ay of Augitft, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, upon year's Notice Repayment, by Parliament, of the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be paid and advanced as aforesaid, unto the respective Subscribers and Contributors of the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be paid and advanced, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and of all the Arrears of the said yearly Payments of one hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said yearly Payments of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, or such proportion able Part thereof according to the Sum which shall be paid and advanced as aforesaid, then and from thenceforward the said yearly Payments, and every of them, of one hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said yearly Payments of one hundred and foity thousand Pounds, or such proportionable Part as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, and the said Corporation, shall absolutely cease and determine; anything herein contained in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And for the better and more speedy Payment of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, in the proportions.herein before mentioned and appointed, the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury, and the Under Treasurer of the Exchequer now being, and the Lord High Treasurer, and Under Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby ftribtly enjoined and required by virtue of 'this Act, and without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained from their Majesties. Heirs or Successors, to direct their Warrants yearly for the Payment of the said yearly Sums of one hundred thousand Pounds, to the Contributors of the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, in the Manner and Proportions as is herein before directed and appointed; and the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, and all other Officers of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, are hereby directed and enjoined to issue the said Moneys so set apart for the Uses before mentioned, from Time to Time, without any Fee or Reward, in the Manner and Proportions before mentioned, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are hereafter inflibted upon any Officer for diverting any Money appropriated or applied by this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person 01 feribi: more than persons, Bodies politic or corporate, shall by themselves, or any other Person or Persons in Trust foi 20, 0001. him or them, subscribe or cause to be subscribed, for and towards the raising and paying the said Sum ol

twelve hundred thousand Pounds, any Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding the Sum of twenty thousand One fourth Part Pounds; and that every such Subscriber hall, at the Time of such Subscription, pay or cause to be paid^be pah at the unto the of who shall be authorised and appointed for taking and receiving Subscriptions as aforesaid, one full fourth Part of his, her or their respective Subscriptions, and in Default of such Payment; as aforesaid, every such Subscription shall be utterly void and null: And that the Residue of the said Subscriptions shall be paid into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, as their Majesties shall direct, before the said first Day of January next; and in Default of such Payments, that then the fourth Part, first paid as aforesaid, shall be forfeited to and for the Benefit of their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Person or Persons. Natives or Foreigners, Bodies corporate or politic, at any Time or Times before the first Day of Julj next ensuing, to subscribe in his, her or their own Name or Names, or in any other Name or Names ir Trust for him, her or them, for and towards the raising and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, thi said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, any Sum or Sums, exceeding in the whole the Sum of ten thousand Pounds; anything in this Abi contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it declared and enabled to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. That in case the whole Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, or a Moiety thereof, be not fub

t^adva^ced ety fcr bed on or before the first Day of Augttft one thousand six hundred ninety four as aforesaid, that then th; before 1 August. Povyers and Authorities in this Act for erecting a Corporation as aforesaid hall cease and determine; an Subscribers may Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And in such Case so much of the said yearly r re gum 0£ One huncjrec] thousand Pounds as hall belong to the said Subscribers, according to the Meaning o this Act, hall be transferrable, and may be from Time to Time transferred by the respective Persons fc subscribing, advancing and paying any Part of the said twelve hundred thousand Pounds into the Exchequer, or their respective Pleiis, Successors or Assigns, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, by any Writing o 1' Writing

None to fub

Time of the Subscription.

If the.residue be not paid before January, the former Subscription forfeited.

Not more than 10, 0001. to be subscribed by any Person before 1 ju3y.

Not to be a Corporation,

transfer, if Moiety not advanced.

'J.

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mariae. C 20. 563

Writings under the Hand and Seal of the Person or Persons transferring the same, attested by two or more

credible Witnesses, and entered within twenty Days after the sealing thereof, in a Book or Books to be for

that Purpose kept in the said Exchequer by their Majesties Remembrancer for the Time being (for the

entering whereof nothing shall be paid] which Entries the said Remembrancer is from Time to Time upon Proportionulile

Requeli directed to make; and such Part of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand pounjs, as shall f'>/-

by this Act be due to the said Subscribers, shall not at any Time or Times hereafter be made use of, or be uummoicw.

a Fund or Security for, or liable or applied to raise, pay or secure any more, further or other Sum or Sums

of Money whatsoever, save only such Money as shall in pursuance of, and according to the Intent of this Act, be advanced and paid into their Majesties Exchequer within the Time by this Act limited for the

same.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation so to be Corporation

made, shall not borrow or give Security by Bill, Bond, Covenant or Agreement under their common Seal to borrow for any more, further or other Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the whole the Sum of twelve hundred*d031

thousand Pounds, so that they shall not owe at any one Time more than the said Sum, unless it he By Act except' upo*' of Parliament upon Funds agreed in Parliament; and in such Case only such further Sums as shall be so Parliament directed and allowed to be borrowed by Parliament, and for such Time only, until they shall be repaid such unii3 further Sums as they shall borrow by such Authority: And if any more, or further or other Sum or sumssce R

jf Money shall be borrowed, taken up, lent, or advanced, under their common Seal, or for Payment of jj corjroratioa Which any Bond, Bill, Covenant, or Agreement, or other Writing shall be made, sealed or given, under borrow more, ihe common Seal of the said Corporation so to be made; then and in such Case, all and every Person and particular Persons who shall be a Member or Members of the said Corporation, his and their respective Heirs, Exe Memb "t cutors and Administrators, shall in his and their respective private and personal Capacities be chargeable with, and liable in proportion to their several Shares or Subscriptions to the Repayment of such Moneys which shall be so borrowed, taken up or lent, with Interest for the same, in such Manner, as if such Security had been a Security for Payment of so much Money, and Interest for the same, sealed by such respective Member or Members of the said Corporation, and delivered by him or them as their respective Acts and Deeds, in proportion to their several Shares or Subscriptions as aforesaid; that in every such Case an Action of Debt shall and may be brought, commenced, prosecuted and maintained in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, by the respective Creditor or Creditors, to whom any such Security under the common Seal of the said Corporation shall be made, or his or their respective Executors or idministrators, against all and every, or any one or more of the Persons who shall be Members of the said Corporation, or any of their respective Pleirs, Executors or Administrators, in proportion to their respective Shares or Subscriptions as aforesaid, and therein recover and have Judgement for him or them, in such and the like Manner, as if such Security were respectively sealed by the respective Person or Persons who shall be so sued, or his or their respective Ancestor, or Testator, or Intestate, and by him and them executed and delivered, as his or their respective Acts and Deeds; any Condition, Covenant, or Agreement, to be made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: if any Condition, Covenant, or Agreement shall be made to the contrary, the same shall be, and is hereby declared to be void; any Covenants t Thing herein contained, or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and in such Action or ^'dcontriry Actions so to be brought, no Privilege, Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. And to the Intent that their Majesties Subjects may not be oppressed by the said Corporation,

by their monopolising or ingrafting any Sort of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, Be it further declared w.; th their and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation to be made and created by this Act, Stock, shall not at any Time, during the Continuance thereof, deal or trade, or permit or suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever either in Trust or for the Benefit of the same, to deal or trade with any of the Stock,

Moneys, or Eftefts, of or any ways belonging to the said Corporation, in the buying or selling of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever; and every Person or Persons, who shall so deal or trade, or by whose Order or Directions such Dealing or Trading shall be made, prosecuted, or managed, shall forfeit Pena, t>' for every such Dealing or Trading, and every such Order and Directions, treble the Value of the Goods and Merchandise so traded for, to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, nor other Privilege whatsoever, nor any Injunction, Order of Restraint, nor Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XXVIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall any ways be construed to hinder the said t" e Cof btatiorf Corporation from dealing in Bills of Exchange, or in buying or selling Bullion, Gold, or Silver, or in /ji/ selling any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever, which shall really and bona fide be left or deposited

with the said Corporation for Money lent and advanced thereon, and which shall not be redeemed at the Time agreed on, or within three Months after, or from selling such Goods as shall or may be the Produce of Lands purchased by the said Corporation.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Bill or Bills Bills lile obligatory and of Credit under the Seal of the said Corporation made or given to any Person or Persons, ^rj^" t.oa shall and may, by Endorsement thereon under the Pland of such Person or Persons, be assignable and assigned a nd"' to any Person or Persons who shall voluntarily accept the same, and so by such Assignee, toties quoties, by Endorsement thereupon; and that such afegnment and Alignments, so to be made, shall absolutely vest and

4 C 2 transfer

; 564 C 20.

Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mari. A.D. 1694.

Penalty for lending Money upon Funds nol having Clause of Credit.

Fine? upon the Chrporsttion detained out of the annual Fund.

Exchequer Officers may pay off Judgments against the Corporation,

Members of Parliament" may be concerned in the Corporation.

5 Sc W. Sc M C 7-

Any Persons may contribute towards the raising

300,000l. and receive yearly Sums for 3, 2, or 3 Lives, Most of those Annuities were subscribed into South Sea Stock pursuant to 6 Geo. ic. 4/

transfer the Right and Property in and unto such Bill or Bills obligatory and of Credit, and the Moneys due upon the same; and that the Assignee or Assignees shall or may sue for, and maintain an Action thereupon in his own Name.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the Governor, Deputy Governor, the Directors, Managers, Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation so to be established, shall upon the Account of the said Corporation, at any Time or Times purchase any Lands or Revenues be belonging to the Crown, or advance or lend to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, any Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Loan or Anticipation, on any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches, 'Fund or Funds of the Revenues now granted or belonging, or hereafter to be granted or belonging to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, other than such b und or Funds, Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the said Revenues only, on which a Credit of Loan is or shall be granted by Parliament; that then the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Directors, Managers, or Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation, who shall consent, agree to, or approve of, the advancing or lending to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, and each and every of them so agreeing, consenting, or approving, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit treble the Value of every such Sum or Sums of Money solent, whereof one fifth Part shall be to the Informer, to be recovered in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and the Residue to be disposed of towards public Uses, as shall be directed by Parliament, and not otherwise.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Amerciaments, Fines, and Issues, against the said Corporation, and their Successors, had, charged, or estreated, in or upon Account of any Suits or actions to be prosecuted or brought against them, shall not be pardoned, acquitted, or discharged by any Letters of Signet, Privy Seal, or Great Seal of their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, or otherwise howsoever; and in case any such Amerciaments, Fines, or Issues, shall be estreated into their Majesties Exchequer against the said Corporation, upon any Process for nonappearance at the Suit of any Person or Persons, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of their Majesties Exchequer for the Time being, who are hereby directed to pay the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds to the said Corporation, to detain so much Money as the said Amerciaments, Fines, or iaues shall amount unto, out of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds payable to the said Corporation.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter any Person or Persons shall obtain any Judgement or Judgments in any Court of Law against the said Corporation for any Debt or Sum of Money, and shall bring Execution or Executions thereupon unto the said Officers of their Majesties Exchequer, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officers of the said Exchequer, to pay, and they are hereby required to pay, the said Sum or Sums of Money, in the said Executions mentioned, to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein named, or their Assigns, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same; and that the said Officers, of the said Exchequer shall and may detain so much of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds as the said Debt or Debts shall amount unto.

XXXIII. And whereas by an Add of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Adajflies certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors,

for securtng certain Recornpences and Advasttages, in the said asi mentioned, to such Persons as floall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the ivar against France, it is enacted.

no Member of the House of Commons shall at any Time be concerned in the farming, collecting,

or managing any Sum or Sums of Money, Duties or other Aids by the said Act or any other Act of Parliament granted or to be granted to their Majesties, except the Persons in the said Act excepted; and whereas some Doubts may arise, whether any Member or Members of Parliament may be concerned in the Corporation to be erected in pursuance of this Act; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Member or Members of the House of Commons, to be a Member or Members of the said Corporation for the Purposes in this Act mentioned; am Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons, Natives or Foreigners, to contribute towards the advancing of the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, other Part of the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by paying into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, at any Time before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety and our, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Terms following (that is to say) That every such Person, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, out of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, shall have and receive for every Sum of one hundred Pounds, so by them respectively advanced and paid, such yearly Annuity, Rent or Payment, as herein after is directed (that is to say) That if such Contributor shall advance and pay his Money upon one Life only, then he shall have and receive a yearly Annuity, Rent or Payment of fourteen Pounds of lawful English Money, for every hundred Pounds, and so proportionably for a greater. Sum, for and during the Life of such Person so advancing and paying the same, or during any other life to be nominated by the Person advancing or paying any such Sum; and in case any Contributor shall think fit upon Payment of his Money, to have an Annuity for two Lives, then he shall have an anj nuity, Rent or Payment of twelve Pounds of lawful enghjb Money for every one hundred Pounds, and

' 3 ft

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. C 20. 565

so proportionably for a greater Sum advanced, for and during two Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of

diem; to be nominated as aforesaid; in case such Contributor shall think fit, upon Payment of his

Money, to have an Annuity for three Lives, then he shall have and receive a yearly Annuity, Rent or

Payment of ten Pounds of lawful English Money for every hundred Pounds so by him advanced and paid,

orafter that Rate, for and during the Term of three Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, to be

nominated by the Person or Persons so paying the same as aforesaid; all and every the said Lives shall be; iamed by the several Contributors, their Executors, or Administrators, or such as shall be employed by them to pay in the said Sums, within thirty Days after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety and four; which yearly Annuities, Rents, or Payments, mall commence from the said nine and twentieth Day of September, and shall be paid and payable quarterly, at the four most usual see fjr, hcr

Feasts of the Year (that is to say) The Fcaft of the Nativity of our Lord Christ, the Feast of the Annun

nation of the Blefied Virgin Mary, the Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist, and the Fcaft of St.; "0gw. 3. C

Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions; and every Person, on Payment of any such Sum or34- §. 5.'

Sums as aforesaid, shall immediately have one or more Tally or Tallies importing the Receipt of the c011 sideration Money, and Orders for the Payment of the said Annuities, bearing the same Date with the Tally; the said Tallies to be levied, and the said Orders to be signed, in the same Manner as in and by antallies to be Act of this present Parliament, intituled, an Act for granting to their Majflies certain Rates and Duties f f1

Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages, in the said Act 5'*

mentioned, to such Person's as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, is mentioned and directed touching Tallies and Orders to be given to the Contributors for Annuities upon the said Act; and the said Orders not to be determinable, revocable or coun termandable, as' touching the afore mentioned Orders in the said recited Act is enacted, which said Orders shall be assignable and transferable in such and the same Manner as is mentioned in the said recited Act Orders trans touching Orders given to the Contributors in the said Act mentioned; and all the Rates and Dutiesknv kbn by this Act granted, or so much thereof as are and shall be sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, are and shall be appropriated to and for the Payment of the said Annuities of Inheritance, and Annuities for lives, Duties appro after the several and respective Rates aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and C 12

shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, under the like Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Disabilities, in respect to all and every the Officers and other Persons in the recited Act mentioned, as are in the said Act appointed and enacted in case of diverting or misapplying any Part of the.penalty upon Moneys which ought to be paid to the Contributors upon the said Act; and the said Penalties and forfei ijcrfj" or ff tures shall be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and paid, in such Manner and Form, as the Penalties in thecerm"al>p j1" s' said recited Act are appointed to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and paid; in which Suit no Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: And the said Officers are hereby required to keep Books and Registers, and make Entries of thet' e=lfter to be. Names of all Persons who shall advance any Moneys before the said nine and twentieth Day of September, ^buto^and No " aforesaid, and of the several Sums so advanced, and the Times of paying in the same respectively, and the minds Names! Names of such Persons for whose Lives 'the several Annuities or yearly Payments are to be payable, without Fee or Reward, in such Manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned, to which Books all Persons concerned shall have Access, as in the said Act also is directed; all which the said Officers are to do and perform, under the like Penalties, and Forfeitures and Disabilities, as in the said recited Act are mentioned; Penalty. and every Person who shall so advance and pay any such Sum, as aforesaid; before the said nine and twen interest at tieth Day of September, as aforesaid, shall receive, out of the Money granted by this Act, for all Money percent, so advanced by him and paid, from the respective Days of Payment, unto the said nine and twentieth Day" of September, as aforesaid, Interest at the Rate of ten Pounds'll'/ Centum per Annum 1 ep m cr,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Moneys payable to any Person or Persons, upon or by anmit!es on virtue of this Act, shall not be charged or chargeable with any 'Rates, Duties; or Impositions' what ills no to

n, be taxed.

soever -

And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, Guardian may; having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of 'one and twenty Years, for the Use and stance in benefit of such Infant, to advance and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of the Moneys of such Infant, fants monej'* either upon an Annuity of Inheritance, or upon Annuity for Life or Lives, upon the respective Terms

and Recompenses herein mentioned, at the Election of such Guardian or Trustee; and in case such infant (rnilke Guardian or Trustee shall pay any such Sum upon an Annuity for Life; he shall thereupon, within such, de nn: nfc' Time as is herein before appointed for the naming of Lives, name the said Infant to be a Nominee, and such Infant upon Payment of the Sum, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be intituled to have and receive a Proportion as any other Contributor'; and the said Guardian and Trustee, 2s to the said Sum of one hundred Pounds so advanced, is hereby discharged.

XXXVII. And to make the Payment of the Annuities more easy to the several Contributors upon this Contributor Act, Be it enacted, That every Contributor upon this Act, upon the Terms of having an Annuity for.upon Receipt one, two or three Lives, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, upon' their demanding any pay crrti/tot^of mentsof his, her, or their respective Shares of the said Fund, unless the Nominee or Nominees, or one. pfnormjn^>s, them, appear in Person at the said Receipt, shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her or their re life from Mi i ipeftive Nominee or Nominees, 'or' one of them, signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parishriiftfr, sc where such Nominee shall be then living, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for every

Contributor,

566 C 20.

or from Justice of Peace, of Contributor's Ojlh.

False Oath Perjury.

If Nominee in Scotland, See. Certificate from a Baron of the Exchequer.

Punishment for receiving after nominee's Death.

If the whole Sum be not subscribed, the Deficiency may be supplied by Annuities,

If 1, 500, 0001, see not raised before October, on this Act, Deficiency to see supplied by Loan,

8 percent, allowed upon Loans.

If the Duties fall ftiort, next Subsidy given by parliament charged.

The rest of the Revenue charged, if Parliament give no Subsidy before 2. February.

1,000, 000 1. formerly appropriated to vhe Navy and Ordinance.

5 & 6 W. & m

Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mari, A.D. 1694.

Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at his, ber, or their Election, to make Oath of the Truth of his, her or their respective nominee's Life, or the Life of one of them, upon the Day when the said Payments trail become due, before one or more Justice of the Peace of the respective County, Riding, City, Town or Place wherein such Person at the Time of making the said oath Avail reside (which Oath he or they are hereby empowered to administer) and the said Justice or Justices shall make a Certificate thereof, for which oath and Certificate no See or Reward shall e required, and the said Certificate shall be filed in the said Office of Receipt in the Exchequer, and if any Person shall be guilty of a false Oath, or forging any Certificate, touching the premihes, and be thereof lawfully convicted, he shall incur the Pains and Penalties to be inflicted upon Persons who commit wilful Perjury or Forgery; and in case any Nominee shall at the Time of such Demand be resident in Scotland, or beyond the Seas, and any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being shall certify, that upon Proof to him or them made (which Proof he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to take in a summary Way) it doth seem probable to him or them, that the said Nominee is living ( which Certificate is to be given, and Examination made, without Fee or Charge) the said Certificate, being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said Payment to the respective Contributors or Advancers, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns '; and if any Person or Persons shall receive one or more Payments upon his, her, or their Annuity or Annuities, for any Time beyond the Death of his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, when the same ought to cease, such Person or Persons shall forfeit treble the Value of the Moneys so by him, her or them received; the one half thereof to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and the other half to him or them who will sue for the same by Action, Suit, Bill, or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the whole Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds shall not be subscribed and paid into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, that then so much of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, hereby intended to answer the Recompense for the same, as by such Deficiency shall by this Act be undisposed, shall and may be and is hereby applied and appropriated (so far as the same will amount) to pay to any Person and Persons who shall advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Exchequer, on or before the first Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and four, on Account to have an Annuity or Annuities for one, two, or three Lives, such resp.cftive Sum and Sums for such respective Life or Lives, according to such Rates and Proportions, and for such Time, and under such Rules and Directions, as are herein before contained, with relation to such as shall advance and pay the said three hundred thousand Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the whole Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer, upon this act, before the first Day of October one thousand six hundred ninety four, that then it shall and may be lawful for their Majesties, or their Officers in the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer by their Command and Appointment, to borrow and take into the said Receipt for, their majelli.s Use, by way -- of Loan, any Sum or Siunsof Money, which together with the whole Value or Amount of all the Sums of Money, which shall before the said first Day of October be contributed or advanced, as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, which Sum or Sums so taken up by way of Loan, shall and maybe charged upon the Credit of their Majesties Exchequer in general, and Tallies of Loan, and Orders of Repayment of the same, shall be levied and drawn accordingly, which said Orders shall be assignable and transferable from one Person to another.

XL. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, so to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid, together with Interest for the same not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid every three Months, until Satisfaction of the Principal, shall be payable and satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of the Moneys which shall afterward arise and be brought into the Exchequer by or for Contributions upon this act, so far as the same will extend; and in case the Money so arising by ihis act shall not be sufficient for the paying thereof, then the said Loans, which shall remain unsatisfied, with the Interest for the same, shall be repaid out of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to their Majesties in Parliament, and shall be transferred and transferable thereunto, as soon as any such Aid or Supply shall be granted to their Majesties; and if no such Aids or Supplies shall be granted to their Majesties before the second Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety four, then the Lid Sum and Sums of Money, so to be borrowed, not exceeding as. aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be payable and be paid and satisfied to the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, by and out of any their Majesties Treasure, which from thenceforth shall come into, be, or remain in the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, not being already appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Time made.

XLL. And whereas by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties an. Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Tear, for carrying on a vigorous I Tar against

*'the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, including therein the Sum of four hundred thousand

already borrowed for the Use of the Navy, is by, the said Act appropriated for the Sendees of the Navy and Ordnance, as Part of the Supplies granted this Session for the Payment of Wages,

' for

A.D. 1694, Anno quinto Guglielmi &c Mariae. C 20. 567

' for Services done and to be done, and for the paying for Victuals supplied and to be supplied for the said and for and towards the paying for other necessary Provisions anil Stores supplied and to be sup plied, and for the Ordnance for the said Navy Royal, and for the Wages of the Yards, and other Scr ' vices of the Ordinary of the said navynow to the Intent the whole Sum, granted this present scltion 1, 500,000l. of Parliament for the Uses aforesaid, may be thereunto appropriated, it is hereby further enacted by thernore(he Authority aforesaid, That out of the Money that hath or shall be levied by virtue of this Act, or of anotherx'6^w' MAST of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and I f duti s upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and aether Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages, in the said al mentioned, to suck perj ons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying cn the War against franco, or of any other Act of this present Session of Parliament, by whi. h any Aids shall be granted to their Majesties towards the carrying on the said War, and which shall be paid into the Exchequer, as well upon Loans as otherwise (except only the Money appropriated to pay the Recompenses in this and the before recited Act) the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the said Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds in the first recited Act appropriated, shall be and is hereby appropriated for the Services of the Navy and Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and that all other Money which shall be levied and paid by virtue of this or any other Act of this present Session All other mc of Parliament, not appropriated by this or the first recited Act to the Use of the said Navy, or to pay thene7 u"am° recompences in this and the other recited Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon Loans as applied to the atherwife, shall be applied and appropriated to and for the Payment of their Majesties Land Forces and Army, C Armies, Ordnance, Ammunition, and other Charges incident to the War, and not otherwise.

XLII. And for the more eftfectual doing thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Half of this or Half of all Money that hath or shall be levied or paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by virtue of this31')' olher Tu aft, or any other Act of this present Session of Parliament (except the said first recited Act, and exceptt^charted what is appropriated by this or the other recited Act, to pay the Recompenses of those who have or shall witit the voluntarily advance Moneys as aforesaid, and except also one other Act, intituled, An Act to supply the Dc 1, 500,000l. Saency of the Moneys raised by a former Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and 5 6 wm, '

Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages, in thee 5' laid Ail mentioned, to fuel) Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards he carrying on the War against France,) shall he applied to answer the said Sum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, hereby appropriated to the Use of the said Navy, until the same shall be paid and satisfied.

XLIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Sum of fifteen Particular Sums hundred thousand Pounds hereby appropriated, and out of the said Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds infor wascs» C the before recited Act appropriated for the Use of the Navy, the Sum of eleven hundred fifty six thousand nine hundred ninety four Pounds shall be applied to pay the Wages to Officers and Seamen, and other Services belonging, according to the Course of the Navy, to the Head of Wages, performed and to be performed: And also to pay the Officers and Soldiers of the two marine Regiments. And that the Sum of: welve hundred fifty seven thousand two hundred sixty and six Pounds be applied for and towards the paying for Victuals and necessary Provisions and Stores, and other extraordinary Services of the Navy and Ordnance, supplied and performed, or to be supplied or performed; and that the Sum of eighty-five thousand hundred and forty Pounds be applied for and towards paying the Wages of the Yards, and other. ordinary Services of the said Navy.

XLIV. And that the Sums by this Act appropriated may not be diverted or applied to any other purposeprov!fion for: han is hereby declared and intended, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules and Di ftecdy Payment reftions appointed and enabled in one Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, an°heq°ucr, 'whit for a Grant to their Majflies of an Aid of two Shillings in the Pound for one Tear, for the speedy Payment Sc M. (I; 2, CI of Money thereby granted into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the Collectors and Receivers, and for Ciftribution and Application thereof, and keeping dillinft Accounts of the same, and all other Provisoes,

Pain?, Penalties, and Forfeitures, thereby enabled in case of Diversion of any Money thereby appropriated, ire hereby revived and enabled to be in Force, and shall1 be praftifej, applied, executed, and put in ure: or and concerning the Distribution and Application of the said Sums hereby appropriated, as fully, amply, m.d. effrftually, as if the same were here particularly repeated and re enacted.

XLV. And whereas there is lately setup in this Kingdom a very profitable Manufacture of Silk Stuffs Alamodes,

called Lufirings and Alanvdes, never before made in this Realm, for the which great Sums of Money of&c be

: the Nation were heretofore exported into France and to the Intent that no Discouragement may be 2" h

given to so useful a Trade, wherein many hundreds of their Majesties Subjects are employed, by prevent Ca'icrri house ng all Frauds and Deceits to the Revenue of their Majesties Customs, by fraudulently importing such Silks officers, without paying legal Duties for the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners father Previ -- A their Majesties Customs for the Time being shall and are hereby authorised and required from Time toc6yref' nf Time, from and after the End of this Session of Parliament, to mark and seal, or eause to be marked and, JT"

sealed, all the said Lustrings and Alamodes which now are imported, and in the Hands of any Person or iff1 j^Persons whatsoever, and also of all the said Stuffs so called which shall be hereafter imported, and to keep (s' 10 tv. 3, C in' Entry and Registry thereof in the Customhouse in a Book to be for that Purpose provided; and that 3° &43- 5 ' ftl which are already imported shall be so marked, sealed, and registered within twenty Days of the said 10' f An' c' Time for which there shall be no See or Reward paid; and all such Lustrings and Alamodes, which shall ffj f be hereafter imported from the Time aforesaid. be so marked, sealed, and registered without any Fee, s.? G A. f. ft,

as 17- 13 Geo. u.

I

5-68

9 & 20* an

26 Geo. Z, C 21. Penalty.

I W. & M. ff. j. c. 34. Penalty for mu n ter felting Mark.

5 & 6 W. & M. C 1.

A Number of Cruisers appointed by a former Act.

Certificate to be given to the Parliament of the Stations of the Cruisers.

One Penny per Pound allowed so the Exchequer Officers.

Officers in the Excise not to persuade in Choice of Ai embers.

[Penalty.]

Note of Gauge to be delivered to the Brewer, See. upon 5 1. Penalty. Altered and explained by 7 & S W. 3. C 30. §. 25.

C 20. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

as aforesaid, before they be delivered out of the Customhouse Warehouse where they shall be respectively imported and entered; and all such Lustrings and Alamodes, which shall be at any Time after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety four, imported, and not so sealed and marked, shall be forfeited, and the Importers or posseftois thereof subject to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as Importers of French Goods, by one Act made in the first: Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled An aelfor prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, to be recovered as therein is directed; and if any Person or Persons mail alter or counterfeit the Mark or Seal, Marks or Seals, used and to be used for the purposes aforesaid, the Offender shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to any that will sue for the same by Bill, Plaint, of Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eiloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XLVI. And whereas it is enabled in one Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An act' Ail for granting to their Majflies an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, far carrying on a vigt rous liar against france, "'that for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, over and above the

Ships of War for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts, at trie leaflr four Ships of the

third-rate, sixteen Ships of the Fourth Rate, thirteen Ships of the Fifth Rate, and ten Ships of the Sixth Rate, shall be frorri Time to Time directed and appointed by the Lord High Admiral of England, ' or Commissioners for executing the said Office for the Time being, to such proper Stations as they shall deem meet, to cruise, for securing the Merchant Ships in their going out and returning home: 'Wherefore, that it may the better appear how the said Service is performed, wherein the Security of Trade, and the Safety of these Realms, is so much concerned; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of England, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, for the time being, shall and are hereby respectively required to exhibit to the Commons assembled in Parliament, at the next Session of this or any other Parliament, which shall happen after the first Day of Augiifl one thousand six hundred ninety four; a Certificate in writing under his or their Hands respectively, of the Ships by him or them respectively set out in pursuance of the said recited Clause, expressing therein the Names and Rates of the Ships set out, and the Times when by him or them respectively ordered, as also the Stations to which they were directed; and the Times how long they were continued at Sea in that Service.'

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of the Receipt of their majesties Exchequer shall and may receive and take, for their Sees, one Penny in the Pound, and no more, for all or any the Sum or Sums of Money to be issued or paid to any their Majesties Garrisons, or other Land Forces and Armies, and other Charges incident to the same, out of the Money arising by this or any other Act and Grant of this Session, or any other Session of Parliament, during this present War; to be distributed in such Proportion as the Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall appoint.

XLVIII. And to the End the great Duties of Excise, and the Powers given for the collebling and levying the same, may not be employed for the influencing of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, which Elections, by the Constitution of this Government, ought to be free and uncorrupt; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four, no' Collector, 'Supervisorj 'Gauger, or other Officer or person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collebling, levying, or managing the Duties of Excise, or any Branch or Part thereof, shall by Word, Message, or Writing, or in any other j.danner whatsoever, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade any Eleblor from giving his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Knight of the Shire, Citizen, Burgess or Baron of any County, City, Borough or Cinque Port to serve in Parliament; and every Officer or other Person offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish when such Off nee shall be committed, to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the same, byablionol Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, pro teblion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; anc every Person convict' on any such Suit of the said Offence shall thereby become disabled and incapable o ever bearing or executing any Office or Place concerning or relating to the Duty of Excise, or any other Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors.

And it is hereby declared and enabled, That true Notes in Writing of the last Gauges, made 01 taken by the Gaugers', shall be left by them with all Brewers, Makers, or Retailers of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors respectively, or some of their Servants, at the Times of taking their said Gauges, containing the Quantity and Quality of the Liquors so gauged, upon the Penalty of five Pounds for every Offence or Negl ebt of the said Gauger or Gaugers, to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for that same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record av Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mariae C 21.

5° 9

CAP. XXI.

An act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

Most Gracious Sovereigns,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having en tred into a due and serious Consideration of the extraordinary Occasions which oblige your Majesties to a great and present Expense in the necessary Defence of your Realms, and being desirous to raise such Aids and Supplies as may be proportionable to these Occasions, do humbly present your Majesties with the free Gift of the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted,

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Duty upon Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by Authority Things nfitftn of the same. That from and after the eight and twentieth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our "y'jj1 Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four, there shall be throughout their Majesties Kingdom of England, for the^ncrease Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, collected, and paid unto their Majesties, ant corninu their Heirs and Successors, during the Term of four Years, and no longer, for the several and respective jnee of theft Things herein after mentioned, which shall be writtten or ingross'ed, during the Term aforesaid, over andke*9 above the Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, now due and payable to their Majesties, or to any persont, 3toc\y°, 'or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, for the same, the several and respective Rates, im C z;. '3'

positions, Duties, Charges, and Sums of Money herein alter expressed, in Manner and Form followingi Ann. slit. i. (that is to say)'C '3

III. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which any Grants or Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Laruajier, or of any Honour, Digni |, '4" & C ty, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or io Ann. C ig. Exemplifications of the same, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings. For every Skin or mo, & C Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, on which any Pardon of or for any Crime or Offence, or^'^rj, 't of any Sum of Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or on which any Warrant of Reprieve or Relaxation from^"g_r'n' 3' z' any bines, corporal Punishments, or other Forfeiture, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shil i Geo. i. fiat, lings. For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Grant from their 2. C n. §. s. Majesties of any Sum of Money exceeding one hundred Pounds, which shall pal's the Great Seal, or Privy 3 eo. j C 7 seal (not directed to the Great Seal) shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings. For every x»art: lcular Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or for every Sheet of Paper upon which any Grant of any Office or Em rates.

scent, which shall be above the Value of fifty Pounds per Annum, shall be written, or Ingrossed, the ft forty Shillings. For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, on which any Grant of Lands in Fee,

Lease for Years, or other Grant of Profit, not herein particularly charged, that shall pais the Great Seal ^urr'w of England, the Seal of the Exchequer, the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Privy Seal (not directed to the Great Seal) shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal of England, or upon which any Collation to be made by any Archbishop, or other Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any be fice, Dignity, 'or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings; provided such Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, be of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or above in the King's Books. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, cor Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities, or four Inns of Court, shall be ingrossed or written, the sum of forty Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper on which any Difpeufation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities.or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties, for the Time being, shall be in grossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Admittance of any Fellow of the College of Physicians or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Prodlcr, "' Notary, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever, shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty, Arches of the Prerogative Courts of Canterbury or York, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Conveyance, Surrender ot Grants, or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of Record, in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Piece of v'ell urn or Parchment upon which any Writ of Covenant for levying of Fines shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum ot five Shillings. For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Entry for fullering a voi.iil*4 D common

57° C 21. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

common Recovery shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Skin of Vellum of Parchment, upon which any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Decree or Dismission, made by or in the Court of Chancery, Exchequer, Court of the County Palatine or Duchy of Lancaster, Courts of the Counties Palatine of the sler, Durham, or other Court of Equity whatfjever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Institution, or Licence that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or any ecclesiastical Court wha'.foevr, shall be engrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Writ of Error, Certiorari, Habeas Corpus, or Appeal (except to the Delegates) shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Significavttpro Corps i; ddiberatione shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Sentence that shall be given in the Court of lord Admiral of England, or the Cinque Ports exercising Admiralty j urifdicstion, or upon any Attachment that This, act sal shall be made out of any of the said Courts of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment, shall wftd, nev be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or plaine»by 6-&7 Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Licence for or Certificate of Marriage, or any Letters of Mart,

wy. C 12. hall ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, m'tmlnvlr" Sheet or Piece of Paper upon which any Probate 01 a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Eftats rents' C above the Value of twenty Pound.!, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. For every Certifixjtjs of Skin or Pice of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Recognisance, Statute mavriage, C jfapje or statute merchant, shall be ingrossed or written, and entered of Record in any Court or Office, the com*s<mjriial Sum ^ve Shillings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Record of Nift Orders, "of pius or p)jlea shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence. For every Skin or Commissioners Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Judgement what of Sewers, or in soever shall be signed by the Mailer of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, 'or by any protho the Stannary, notary or his Secondary, Deputy or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at wtft grees irtthe'" who have Power, or usually doth or shall sign Judgments, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence.

Universities, For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or oheet of Paper, upon which any Commission ifl uing Commissions of out of any ecclesiastical Court, not herein otherwise particularly charged, shall be ingrossed or written, the Rebellion, Sum of tw0 Shillings and sixpence. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment or Sheet of Paper, ^officeiaia upon which any Warrant, Monition, or Personal Decree, in any Court of Admiralty, or the cirque corpi rations ports, shall be ingrossed or written, or upon which any beneficial Warrant or Order under their Majesties or infeiior Sign Manual (except Warrants or Orders for the Service of their Majesties Navy, Army, and Ordnance) Courts and Of shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence. For every Piece of Vellum, parch ficers at Sea.' mentor Paper, upon which any special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts at idefhninsler, or before any of the Judges of the said Courts, or in any other Court whatsoever, that shall be filed in any of the Laid Courts, hall be ingrossed or written, and for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Appearance upon such special Bail, the Sum of one Shilling. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Bill, Answer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions taken by Commission, or any other Pleadings whatsoever, in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy Court, and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity, the Sum of one Shilling. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Admission into any Corporation or Company, or any Matriculation in either of the two Universities, or any Admission into any of the Inns of Court or Inns of Chancery, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of one Shilling. For every Piece of Parchment or Paper, upon which any Affidavit shall be ingrossed or written (except Affidavits taken pursuant to the several Acts 3o Car. 2. lht. made in, the thirtieth and two and thirtieth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for burying in j. C 3. W oollen, and except such Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of their Majesties Customs, or any

32 Car. C i. Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by any Act of

'These D "tes Parliament for the assessing or levying any Aids or Duties granted or to be granted to their Majesties, and rio wy which Affidavits shall be taken by the said Officers of the Customs, Justices or Commissioners, by virtue of C 25, and far their Authority as Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners respectively, and not otherwise) the Sum of six there provided Pence. - And for every Piece of Parchment or Paper, upon which any Copy of such Affidavit, as is herein for by i Ann before charged, that shall be filed or read in any Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum < New Duties LX Eence For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which shall be laid on Copies ingrossed or written any Indenture, Leafo, or Deed Poll, not hereby otherwise charged, the Sum of six of Court Roil Pence. For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Original Wrii (exin England, cept such Original on which a Wl it of Capias ifi ues) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex, Latitat, Writ of Capias,

flru 'erf n Quo Minus, Writ of Dedimus Potejlatem to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, and.

Scotlands and any o£fler Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that shall issue out of or pass the Seals of any Pamphlets, cof the Courts at Westminster, Courts of the Great Sessions in tdales, Courts in Counties Palatine, or any by 10 Ann. e. other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above, 19. §. 100 & or the Thing in Demand is of that Value, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence. For every u'1, Piece

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Maria:

C 2 I.571

Piece of Vellum, pr.rch.ment, or Paper, upon which any Entry of any Action in the Mayors and Sheriffs Courts of London, and in Courts in all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Writs, Process, or Mandates issue, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above, shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of sixpence. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any common Bail to be filed in any Court whatsoever, and upon which any Appearance that shall be made upon such Bail, shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of sixpence

Which Appearance or common Bail the Defendant shall cause to be entered or filed within eight Days after the Return of the Process on which the Defendant was arrested, upon Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Plaintiff, for which the Court shall immediately award Judgement, whereupon the Plaintiff may takeout Execution. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Rule or Order made or given in any of the Courts at Westminster, either Courts of Law or Equity, shall he ingossed or written, the Sum of sixpence. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Copy of such Rules or Orders entered, or the Copies of any other Records or Proceedings in any of the said Courts at Westminster, not hereby otherwise charged, shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of sixpence, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which shall be ingross ed or written any Citation or Monition made in any ecclesiastical Court, or any Libel or Allegation, Deposition,

Answer, Sentence, or final Decree, or any Inventory exhibited in any ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or whereupon any Copies of them respectively shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of sixpence. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any charter party, Policy of Assurance, Passport, Bond, Release, Contract, or other obligatory instrument, or any.protest, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, or any other Notarial Act whatsoever shall be ingossed or written, the Sum of sixpence. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleadings what < These Dutiet soever, in any Court of Law, shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of one Penny. And for every Skin are continued or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Copy thereof shall be written or engrafted, the Sum L 5 A, y jy1?" of one Penny. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which sny p" tuby=i Geo. Depositions taken in the Court of Chancery, or other Court of Equity (except the Paper Draughts of De CI 2.anj positions taken by virtue of any Commission before they are ingrafted) which are not herein before char part of the ag ged, or upon which any Copy of any Bill, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Intcrroga gregate Fund, lories, Depositions, or other Proceedings whatsoever, in any Court of Equity, shall be engrossed or written, the Sum of one Penny. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon, which a Copy of any Will shall be ingross ed or written, the Sum of one Penny.

IV. And for preventing Abuses committed by arresting Persons without any Writ or legal Process tocler!i to justify the same, by means whereof the Duty hereby given to the Crown upon such Process will be lost;

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said eight and twentieth Day of June, y, r7snd every Officer or Clerk belonging to the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, who shall sign entet It upon any Writ or Process before Judgement to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall at the signing the R mcm thereof let down upon such Writ or Proceefs the Day and Year of his signing the same, which shall V ", ccejjlv ani entered upon the Remembrance, or in the Book where the Abstract of such Writ or Process shall be entered, yea^cto^like upon, pain to forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk afore wife entered on said; be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the lame, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record, the Wariants, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, orinformation, wherein no Wager of Law, Protection or E'floin, or b 6 G °( more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed., 54-

V. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to charge anybn, " f Fx

Bi'ls of Exchange, Accounts, Bills of Parcels, Bills of Fees, or any Bills or Notes (not sealed) for Pay change, C ment. of Money at Sight, or upon Demand, or at the Fnd of certain Days of Payment. seed.

VI. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained flail extend to charge the Probate of any Will, or Probate of Letters of Administration, of any common Seaman or Soldier, who shall be slain or die in their Majesties WT of Service, a Certificate being produced from the Captain of the Ship or Vessel, or Captain of the Troop or g^tnfjvcd Company, tinder whom such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death, and Oath made of the ld J Truth thereof, before the proper Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted; which Oath such judge or Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and for which no See or Reward shall be taken.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levy King may aping, collecting, and paying unto their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, the several and respective Du point Commit ties hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for their Majesties, their Heirs and successors, under the

Great Seal of England, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, to be Commissioners or Officers for the several Purposes herein after mentioned; and that the Commission Place of the ers, so to be appointed, shall keep their head office in some convenient Place within the Cities of London 9ffce ., or Westminsterand the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint such other inferior Officers, for the marking or stamping of Vellum, officers, Parchment, and Paper, or for the better collecting and leying the Duties hereny granted to their Majesties, as they in their Discretions shall think fit; and the said Commissioners shall, by the Space of thirty Days before the said eight and twentieth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four, provide six several Marks or Stamps, differing from each other, for the several

D 2.. and

*572

Six several Marks Lo be provided.

C

21.

Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mariae.

A.D. 1694.

The Proclamation is to

and respective Duties hereby granted, with which several Marks or Stamps all Vellum, Paper, and Parch' ment, upon which any of the several and respective Things herein before charged shall be ingrafted orv/rit' ten, shall be stamped and imprefied, that is to say; one Stamp or Mark, with which ail Vellum, Paper: and Parchment, herein before charged with the Payment of forty Shillings for every Skin, Piece, or Sheet fliiil be stampsd or marked: And one other Stamp or Mark, with which all Vellum, Parchment, ant Paper, herein before charged with the Payment of five Shillings for every Skin, Sheet, or Piece, as aforesaid, hall be marked and {lamped: One other Mark or Stamp, with which all Vellum, Parchment, ant udicially takai aper charged as aforesaidi wi h the Payment of two Shillings and six Perre, for every Skin, Sheet, 01 Notice of by io f>ece, shall be marked and {lamped, and so respectively a different Mark or Stamp, with which all Vellum. Anns, C 19 J 1^U*1 1 1 'U' D " r 1 t>k r 1 1-1

1s0. the Old Stamps are to be used tilt New ones are proclaimed by ac Anna?, stat,

3. C §. -50.

The Marks may be changed.

Paper, and Parchment, herein before charged with the Payment of the several Duties of twelve Pence, fn Pence, and one Penny, hall be severally and differently marked and {lamped; which said several Mark and Stamps shall be published b Proclamation, to be issued under the Great Seal of England, a convenieir Time before the said eight and twentieth Day of June, to the End that all Persons may have due Notice thereof; and that the said Marks and Stamps, or any of them, hall or may be altered or renewed frorr Time to Time, as their Majesties, their Heirs, or Successors shall think fit, so as public Notificatior thereof he given by Proclamation, as aforesaid. nr

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, in providing

Impression to be f id Marks or Stamps, shall take care th; y be so contrived, that the Impression thereof may be durable.

Cure ill?.

Pifchm nt, See. to be marked hefbie written.

Penalty upan j person writing upon Paper

and so as the same may be leail liable to be forged or counterfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper hereby intended to be chargee with the f veral and respective Duties aforesaid, hall, before any of the Matters or Things herein before mentioned shall be thereupon ingrafted or written, be brought to the Head Office aforesaid, or some othci sub commissioner or Officer to be appointed by the Commissioners, as herein is directed for that Purpose, to be {lamped and marked; and the said Commissioners, Sub commissioners, and Officers aforesaid, are hereby empowered and required forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any perl on or Persons, to lamp or mark any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, he or they paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf, the respective Duties hereby directed to be paid for the same, to lamp and mark the same accordingly, without any other See or Reward, which Stamp or Mark shall be a sufficient Discharge for the several and respective Duties hereby granted upon the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall be so {lamped or marked

Penalty upon X And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner or other Officer to be appointed as afore siredut^aid5any such Mark or Stamp to any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, before the several and re t 0 ypai 'fpg^jyg Duties thereupon charged by this Act shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be paid to their Majesties Use, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to their Majesties, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same in any of their Majesties Courts of Record, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Persons ftiali ingross or write, or cause to be ingrafted or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which before starr.oed, the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper is hereby charged to pay any Duty, before such Time as the said C*Parchment or Paper shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not be

some Stamp or Mark resembling the same, or shall ingross or write, or cause to be ingrafted or written, any Matter or Thing, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shall he marked or stamped, for any lower Duty than the Duty by this Act payable for what shall be so ingrafted or written, such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to their Majesties, and the other Moiety to him or them that will inform or sue far the same, as aforesaid; and in case, any Clerk, Officer, or Person, who in respect of any public Office or Employment is or hall

t u be intituled or entrusted to make, ingross, or write, any Records, Deeds, Instruments, or Writings by

Officer, cof this Act charged to pay a Duty, as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Fraud or Practice to deceive^their feuding, Majesties of any Duty by this Act payable, by making, ingrafting, or writing any such Record, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, or causing the same to be made, ingrafted, or written, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped according to this Act, or upon which there shall not be some Stamp or Mark resembling; the same, or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by ingrafting or writing any such Deed, Instrument, or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that hall he marked or llamped for ahftwer Duty, as aforesaid, that then every such Clerk, Officer, or Person so guilty of any such Fraud or Practice, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall (over and above the Penalty aforesaid)

forfeit his Office, Place, or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future. And if any Attorney belonging to any Court whatsoever shall be guilty of any such Fraud or Practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall he disabled for the future to practice as ail-° ten'be* Attorney. And if any Deed, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, by this Act charged with the Payment

ffirepcp rampta Duty as aforesaid, shall contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof be written or' ingrafted

Sood, till r 1. by any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being a known Clerk or Officer, who, in respect of any paid to the king, public Office or Employment, is or shall be intituled to the making, writing, or engrafting the same) upon

Vellum,

deduced to 5 1. by 6 & 7 W. 3 C 12. 7,

Penalty upon

Penalty upon Attorney.

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mari, C 21.573

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped according to this Add, or upon Vellum, Parchment, snd Money for or Paper, marked or stamped for a lower Duty, as aforesaid; that then, and in every such Case, there shall thcsramp be due, answered, and paid to their Majesties (over and above the Duty aforesaid) for every such Deed,

Instrument, or Writing, the Sum of five Pounds; and no such Record, Deed, Instrument, or Writing,

shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful, or avail mod. Cofcs in

able, in Law or Equity, until as well the said Duty, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid tolaw 365-

their Majesties Use, and a Receipt produced for the same, under the Hand or Hands of some of their Majesties

Officers, which shall be appointed to receive the Duties abovementioned, and until the Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, on which such Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful Mark or Stamp; and their Majesties Officer or Officers last mentioned are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duty and Sum of five Pounds unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark or stamp the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument, or Writing respectively; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time or Times hereafter counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Counterfeit or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Mark which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Add, orsale of coun shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, thereby 'erre, t |, 'li'er> to defraud their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, of any the Duties hereby granted, or shall utter, e onj' vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with such counterfeit Mark, or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be judged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners to be constituted by Commissioners

their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, under the Great Seal of England, as aforesaid, shall and may ap, nt appoint a fit Person to attend in any Court or Office, to take Notice of the Vellum, Parchment, or 'tn C

Paper, upon which any the Matters or Things aforesaid shall be ingrossed, written, or put, and of theeverj 0uit' C Marks or Stamps thereupon, and of all other Matters and Things tending to secure their Majesties Duties arising by this Act, and that the judges in the several Courts, and such others to whom it may apper judges shall tain, atrthe Request or Requests of the said Commissioners, to be appointed by their Majesties as aforesaid, make Orders, or of any two or more of them, shall make such Orders in the respective Courts, and do such other

Matters and Things, for the better securing of the said Duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably

desired in that Behalf: And that every Person, who shall be commissionated by their Majesties, and every Officers to taka,

Person to be employed by or under those commissionated by their Majesties, for the marking or stamp the follow'n5

ing of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as aforesaid, before his acting in the marking or stamping of the°£th'

said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall take the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to an Act of ' X Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment,

' and Paper, for four Tears, towards carrying on the jvar against France, without Fraud or Concealment;

' and shall from Time to Time true Account make of my doing the rein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, shall appoint to receive such Account,

and shall take no Fee, Reward or Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business relating thereunto, front any Persons, other than such as shall he paid or allowed by their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, or by the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury, or three of them now being, or by the 'I'reasurer of the Exchequer, or three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being

Which Oath shall and may be administered to any such Commissioner or Commissioners by" any twoby wj, om or more of the same Commissioners which shall be appointed under the Great Seal, as aforesaid; and administered. any of the said Commissioners shall and may administer the like Oath (mutats mutandis) to the Sub commissioners, or other Persons which shall be employed under them in the said Business of marking or stamping.

And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners or Officers, to be appointed by their Majesties Commissioners. aforesaid, and all Sub of, and Officers, to be employed or entrusted by or under them, as to cbfcrve the aforesaid, shall, from Time to Tune, in and for the better Execution of their several Places and Trusts, <?rd! olferve and perform such Rules, Methods, and Orders, as they respectively shall from Time to Time" 6 re3l, r>'j.'. receive from the said Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or from the Treasurer of the Exchequer,

or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and that the said Commissioners, to be appointed by their Majesties as aforesaid, shall take especial Care that the several Parts of this Kingdom, and the and take enre Dominion of 1 Vales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, from Fime to Time, be sufficiently for that country. niflied with Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped or marked as aforesaid, so as their Majesties( (

have it in their Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons so be employed by the said com c. J

missioners, at the usual or moil common Rates above the said Duty", or to bring their own Vellum,

Fatchment, or Paper, to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves or others that shall have done h e lame.

XIV

574 C 2l.

Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

Paupers excepted,

Records, See. to

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That none of the Rates, Impositions, or Sunn of Money, before in this act expressed, shall be raised, levied, collected, or paid, or to be payable unto their Majesty.?, by virtue of this act, by any Person or Persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend in

forma pauperis.

XV. And to the End their Majestics may not be defrauded of any the Duties hereby granted, Be it be writ as ufu.il.ena£i.e(j^ That all Records, Writs, Pleadings, and other Proceedings in Courts of Law and Equity, and

ail Deeds, Inftrmnents, and Writings whatsoever, hereby charged, shall be ingrossed and written in such Manner as they have been usually accustomed to be w itten, or are now written.

Upon Renewal

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as th ir Majestics, their Heirs or suc t Marks those ccss0rs, shall think lit to alter or renew the said Marks or Stamps, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all nui keithy tlion P'mons who shall at that Time have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, Hull have it marked with the Mark or Stamp which shall be so altered or renewed, and upon which none of the ch.rngod within Matters or Things hereby charged shall be ingrossed or written, at any Time within the Space of sixty

dxiy Djys,

?emlty upon Officer.

Days after such Intention of renewing or altering shall be published by Proclamation, as aforesaid, to bring or send such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, unto the said Commissioners, to the Head Office in London or jveflm msler, or to such other Officers as shall be appointed, as aforesaid. And the said Commissioners and Officers respectively are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, unto the several l'ersons who shall so bring and deliver any Quantity of Vellum, Paper, or Parchment, the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and as good in Quality, stamped with such new Stamp or Mark, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly for the same, any Sum of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every Offence one hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and divided in such Manner as other Penalties in this Act are directed to be sued for, recovered, and divided. And in case any Person shall neglect or refuse, within the Time aforesaid, to bring, or cause to be brought and delivered, unto the said Commissioners or Officers, as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Time of no uie. p&rchmellt or Paper, the same is hereby declared to be of no other effect or Use, than if it had never been stamped, and that all Matters or 1 hings, which shall after that Time be ingrossed or written thereon, shall be of no other effect than if they had been ingrossed or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped at all; and all Persons who shalt ingross or write any the Matters or Things hereby charged on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, after the said Time, shall forfeit and suffer as herein before is enacted for Persons writing or ingrossing on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

Paper not brought in within that

Credit of Loan for 330, 000}.

0, _ any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to their

at 81. percent. rr a.!. pj?... r __ j:. r lt a neo rr -

[Penalty.]

e>iftin& Books of Receipts in the Exchequer.

Majesties into the Receipt of their Exchequer, upon the Credit of this act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of three hundred and thirty thousand Pounds in the whole; and to have and receive, for the Forbearance of all such Moneys as shall be lent, interefi not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum.

Distinfl Account

XVIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the and weekly Officer and Officers, who shall be concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the Duties arising by this act, do keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay the same in jpecie into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer weekly on wednesday in every Week, unless it he an Holiday, and then the next Day after which shall not be an Holiday, and upon neglect or Refusal of the same, shall incui the Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, as other the Officers of the Exchequer, herein after mentioned shall be liable to; which Moneys so paid in shall be applied to the Uses hereafter mentioned in this act, and no otherwise.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept ir their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, one Book, in which all Moneys, that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue, of this act, shall be entered and registered, apar. and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties, upon any Account whatsoever and that all and every Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who Thai lend any Money to their Majesties upon the Credit of this act, and pay the same into the Receipt of rh Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with the Talley; in which Order shall be also contained a Warrant so Payment of interefi for Forbearance, not exceeding the Rates aforesaid, for his or their Consideration, to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of his or their Principal; and that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be registered in Course, according to the Date of the Talley respectively, without pre and Persons paidference of one before another; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, accordinj j. Course. as their Orders shall Hand registered in the said Book, so as that the Person, Native or Foreigner, his, a their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders firi entered in the said Book, shall be taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Monie to come in by virtue of this act; and he or they, who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; am that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the fair respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, successively, without Preference of on before another, and not otherwise, and not to be divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any of they

Majesties

Talley and Or der to the Lender.

Orders to be registered.

Hi

2

A.D. 1694. Anno quinto Guglielmi & Mariae. C 21.575

Majesties Subjects for providing or making any such Books, Registers, Entries, View, or Search as aforesaid, or in or for the Payment of Money lent, or the Interest as aforesaid, by any of their Majesties Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Coffs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such See or Reward, Pemltici upon rlien to lofc his Place also. And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Officer taking Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, 'o, t ofcomfef then tile Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, Damages, and Cods, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any lhs Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only mail be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Coffs, and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office: And in case the Auditor (half not direct, nor the Clerk Penalty upnn of the Pulls record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as afore directed, then he or they shall be judged to forfeit, and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offend 0 tn ln'" ing, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Coffs, in such Manner as aforesaid which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may he recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or shall not Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear da.c, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt tojp" C "e ie' be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those he enters first) folie enters. "

them all the same Day. Provided also - it shall no be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Teller do pay f'ubfequt 'nt Orders of the Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Order, before other Persons that did not come and demand their Money, and bring their Order, in their Course, so as there may be so much Money referred as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to ceac from the Time the Money is so referred and kept in Bank for them.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, to whom any Orders affie, n Moneys shall be due by virtue of this Act, afterorder entered in the Book of Register aforesaid for paymentabie thereof, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Itidorfement' of his Order may assign and transfer

his Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officer shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon': And such Assignee may in like manner assign again, and so toties quoiies; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who have or hath made such Alignments, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for their Majesties, Provision for their Heirs and Successors, out of the Duties ariffng by this Act, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money Salane,

to be expended and paid, from Time to Time for Salaries and other incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the same Duties, during the said Term therein by this Act granted; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as their Majesties, their Heirs or Proclamation of successors, shall think fit to alter the said Stamps, or any of them, that the Proclamation which is hereby reunrl(ait0 hu: directed to be made, forgiving to all Persons due Notice thereof, shall within twenty Days after the Datep "p es wlt, n thereof be sent to the Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or other Head Officer of every City, Corporation,

Borough and Market Town, throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, which Officers respectively shall cause the same to be published to the Inhabitants of such City, Corporation, or Town, either on the next Market Day, or next Sunday, in the Church immediately after the Time of divine Service, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be pcn?lty L p°n. sued for by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, or more than one Imparlance, pu idgl'shall be granted or allowed; the one Moiety of which Forfeiture to be to their Majesties, the other Moiety to such Person wrho shall sue for the same.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners, Receiver or Receivers General, or other Person The Acditor of

or Persons who are or shall be respectively employed in the directing, receiving, collecting, or paying the to

several Impositions upon Paper and Parchment, and other Duties, by this Act granted, shall and are " unts hereby required, between the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety five and Commissioners, the nine and twentieth Day of September following, and so from Year to Year yearly, at those Times, C annually during the Continuance of this Act, to exhibit their respective Accounts thereof to their Majesties Auditors upon Oath

of the Impressed for the Time being, or one of them, who shall and are hereby from Time to Time reflectively authorised to examine upon Oath the said Commissioners, Receiver or Receivers General, or other Person or Persons Accountants, who shall be employed in raising, receiving or collecting the said Impositions

I

*57^ C 22 — 25. Anno quinto Gulielmi & Mariae. A.D. 1694.

fiiions and Duties, of what Sum or Sums of Money was or were by them, or any of them, respectively ruifed, collected, or received, within the Time of such their Accounts, and like wise what Part thereof was by them, or any of them, paid into their Majesties Receipt of the Excheq ei or by Virtue of any Warrant of Privy Seal, or Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer, or commissioners of their majesty's treasury for the Time being, otherwise paid, and to whom, and for what Service or Services; and in making the said Accounts to and before the said Auditors, or one of them, they are to produce proper Vouchers for every Sum or Sums of Money so by them, or any of them, raised, received and paid, according to the ancient Methods of the Exchequer: And to the End that it may appear upon Record what the Sums amounted to in the Year, for which such Account or Accounts are or shall be respectively made, and what thereof was paid, and to whom and for what Use' and Service, Uses and Services as aforesaid, and what remains unpaid and rests insuper upon each respective Receiver and Collector, the to bvdecured* Account or Accounts, so to be taken by every of the said Auditors respectively, is and are to be declared before the before the Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, Treasurer, enough and for the Time being, according to the Course of the Exchequer in such Cases.

See farther 1 ann.fiat. 2. C 22. aganfi Frauds In Stamp Duties. 4 & 5 Ann, C 12. extending Stamp Duties to Appearances in A SI torn without Bail. 12 Ann. fiat. 1. C 2. exempting t'ufiom Right Efiares, C 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. concerning Cards and Dice. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. Penalty for taking off Stamp on Cards. And for further additional Duties, see LI Geo. I. C 8. 12 Geo. L C 33.9 Geo. 2. c. 32, 16 Geo. 2. c. 26. 29 Geo. 2. c. 12 & j3. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. and 32 Geo. 2. f.35.

CAP. XXII.

EXP.

3 Sail, 612.

1 W. & M.

ss. I. C 8.

39 Car. 2. C 7.

An act for the licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches. Further Provisions concerning Hackney Coaches by9 Annas, C 23. 10 Annm, C 19. §. 158. 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 57. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. 12 Geo. 1. c. 12. 2 Salk. 612. The King may appoint Commissioners. Hackney Coaches in London, C not to exceed 700. Charge of Licence. Stage Coaches to be licensed for a Year. Rate to the King. Explained by 6 & 7 W. 3. C 18. $. 31. Licences may be devised. Alignment to be entered in the Commissioners Book. 51. Penalty upon Persons driving Coach without Licence. Coach Horses to be 14 Hands high. Mo Person to have more than two Hackney Coaches, which are to be figured. Penalty on altering the Figure. Ancient Coachmen, bfc. to be first licensed. Penalty upon Commissioners licensing above 700. Rates of Hackney Coaches. Penalty upon exacting more. Commissioners may appoint Under Officers, who are to take no See except 2s. bd. for the Licence. What Oaths the Commissioners, tsy.' are to take. Commissioners to pay the Money, and giye Account of Licences, annually. Penalties how to be levied. Offences to be determined by the Commissioners. Persons filed for executing this Act may plead General Issue, and have double Costs. No Certiorari allowed. Commissioners may make bylaws to bind the Coachmen. Acquittance to be gratis. Bylaws to be approved by Lord Chancellor, OV. and executed by Justices of the Peace, ic. 175 Coaches by Turns to drive upon the lord's Days. 5l. Penalty on any others driving on the lord's Day. Printed List of the Sunday Coaches. Annual Account before the Auditors.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for building good and defensible Ships. Builders of 3 decked Ships within 10 Years to have a Tenth Part 9f Customs of Goods they export or import for the 3 first Voyages. Ships made less after 3 Voyages forfeited.

EXP.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy Royal

!!! [Note: pages are out of order; 15 Charles 2 inserted here.]

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Carol 1 I?. 273

h) And in Case such Office shall not be ro kept and attended in each Market town respectively, the Commissioners, Fanners, Sub commissioner;, or other Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to do

the same, shall for every Maikct day forfeit ten Pounds, the one Half to the King's Majesty, his Heirs The Penalty,

and Successors, and the other Half to him or them that will inform and sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of, Debt, Bill, Plaint or information, wherein no Essoin, Protection

or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed; (4) and such Personas shall come to such Market town

to make such Entry or Payment of the Duties, and shall tender the same according to the said al, and

be able to prove such Tender by the Oath of one or more fafficient wit.ncfies, shall not be liable to any

Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by the said Adds, for such weekly or monthly Entries or Payments as fliouhl

have been made or paid on such Market day; any Article, Clause or Thing in any or either of the said Acts, or this present Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Sep At what Tims tmber, no common Brewer of Beer or Ale, shall sell, del iver or carry out any Beer or Ale to any his Cu any Bnwtn Homers, either in whole Calk or by the Gallon, in any City, Town Corporate or Market town, before ^iryr ut Notice given to an Officer of Excise, but between the Hours of the Day hereafter mentioned, (that is to ulr wr' say) from the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty ninth Day of September yearly, between the Hours

of three of the Clock in the Morning and nine of the Clock in the Evening, and from the nine and twentieth Day of September to the five and twentieth Day of March yearly, between the Hours of five of the Clock in the Morning and seven of the Clock in the Evening; (z) upon Pain that every Brewer doing contrary hereunto, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Barrel of Beer or Ale that shall be so carried out contrary to the true Meaning of this Act to be levied and recovered as in and by this present Act is hereafter enacted and appointed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Brewer, Innkeeper, Mingling of Victualler or other Retailer of beer or Ale, shall at any Time after the first Day of September, after an Ac strong and email' count hath been taken by the said Gager or Gagers of the Quantity and Quality of the Beer, Ale or v*r°rts'

Worts, found in his Tun and other Brewing Vessels, convert any Part of his small Beer, or ftnall Worts,

k taken Account of, intoffrong Beer or Ale, by mingling, letting down, or ffriking over any such strong Ale or ffrong Worts into which or amongst..any such small. Beer or small Worts, and shall fell, deliver out or retail the same, or any Part thereof, without.giving Notice to the same Gager or Gagers of the Quantity so mingled and converted as aforesaid"; or if any such Brewer or Retailer as aforesaid shall after the Lid Time hide, conceal or convey any Beer, Ale or Worts not gauged, from the Sight or View of, the Gager or Gagers appointed to take Account of the same, whereby the King's Majesty, or his Commissioner's or Farmers shall or may he defrauded in any manner of wife of the Duties due for the same, or any Part thereof, every such common Brewer, Victualler and Retailer, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale by him or them so mingled, converted, sold, delivered, hid, concealed or conveyed away, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in Manner and Form as in and by this present Act is hereafter ordained and appointed.

XIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That all and every the Brewing vessels and Utensils for Brewing Vessels Brewing, into whose Hands soever the same shallcome, and by what Conveyance or Title soever the same and utensils fub» be claimed, shall be liable and subject unto, and are hereby charged with, all and singular the Debts and

Duties, of Excise in Arrear and owing by any Person or Persons for any Beer or Ale made within the said Exc; fe brew house, and shall also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using the said brew house for any Offence against the Laws and Statutes for Excise; and that it shall be lawful in all Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings against the Utensils therein contained, as it may be lawful to do in Case the Debtor or Offender using the said Utensils had been truly ant! really Owner and Proprietor of the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That after the first Day of September, no common Brewers tint Brewer of Beer or Ale, nor any other Person whatsoever, who hath or shall compound for the Duties of brew for other Excise for Beer or Ale by him brewed or to be brewed, shall during the Term of such Composition, brew Brewers.

or make, or suffer or permit any Beer or Ale to be brewed or made, within his. Brewhouse, for any other common Brewer whatsoever, without first giving Notice, as well of every particular Brewing, as of the Quantity and Quality of the Beer and Ale at every such Brewing intended to be brewed and rr ade, unto the respective Commissioners, Farmers or Sub Commissioners of Excise, within the Districts of whose Office such common brewer doth or shall inhabit, and forthwith paying dawn unto the said respective Commissip I

ners. Farmers or Sub of, the full Excise of all the said Beer, and Ale; 2) upon Pain that as well the Brewer who shall brew the same, as the Brewer for whom the Laid Beer or Ale shall be brewed,

shall fors.it and lose for every Barrel the Sum of five Pounds; the one Moiety to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Sep Coffee, tiro co

timber, no Person or Persons shall be permitted to sell or retail any Coffee, Chocolate, 'Sherbet or Tea, iff'?hclct, without Licence first obtained and had by Order of the general.sessions, of the peace in the several and ic respective Counties, 'Certificate being first shewed, that they have given good Security for the due Payment., -

of their Dues to the King, or the chief.magistrate of the place in whose, Jurisdiction he pr the.y do or >1

shall inhabit or dwell, for the Selling or Retailing of the same; (z) nor ffitjll any, '.Licence.; be. graiitecb to

my Retailer, until Security first given by Recognisance, or otherwise, for which Licence;: llffcogn izarice ind Security, twelve Pence shall be given, and no more, for the raymeiy of the Excise And' every Per, -

or Persons selling or retailing any of the said Liquors without Licence had, and Security given as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the" Sum of five Pounds for every Month he or they shall continue Selling or Re the same.

'N

n

'[xvland

274-

Gaugers may take no Bribes jvor Rewards to make false Returns

Foreign Liquors imported to be duly entered.

1 Vent. z

Appeals in 'Causes of excise,

ey.cife upon Vinegar Beer. Explained 8 Anne. 7*

4*

Colleges and Halls in the Universities,

Complaints to be determined in the proper Counties.

Commissioners"' or Farmers may take no Fees.*.

it, Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of September, no Brewer or other Person whatsoever shall bribe or corrupt, or give any Money, See, or other Reward whatsoever, to any Gauger or Gaugers, or other Officer whatsoever, to make any false Return or Report into tyre Office of Excise, of any Beer, Ale or other Liquors exciseable, made or brewed, or to be made or brewed, within his or their Charge, Division or Walk, or to forbear or omit the doing or executing of his or their Places or Employments, upon Penalty of ten Pounds for every such Offence; (z) and that no sworn Gauger or Gaugers, or other Officer whatsoever, shall directly or indirectly take and receive any Bribe, Money, See, Gift or other Reward, of any Brewer or other Person whatsoever, for any Cause or Matter relating to the Excise; Penalty that every such sworn Gauger or other Officer so offending, 'shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds: (3) All and every of which said respective Offences shall he proved by the Oaths of two lawful and credible Witnesses before two Justices of the Peace or Chief Magistrate of the Place where such Offence shall be committed; which said Justices or Magistrates respectively have hereby Power to administer the said Oaths, and also to examine, adjudge and determine the same, and to cause such Penalties by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering to the Party the Overplus; and for Want of such Distress to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol of such County or Place, there to remain by the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprise.

XVII. And for the better Levying and Coliefling the Duties of Excise upon all foreign or imported Liquors; (2) Be it enacted by Authority aforesaid, That no such foreign or imported Liquors shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel from beyond the Seas, before due Entry be first made thereof with the Officer or Collector appointed for the Excise in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, or before the Duty of Excise due and payable for the same be fully satisfied and paid; (3) and that every Warrant for the Landing or Delivering of any such foreign Liquors shall be signed by the Hand of the said Officer or Collector of the Excise in the said Port or Place respectively; upon Pain that all such foreign Liquors as shall be landed, put on Shore or delivered contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, or without the Presence of an Officer or Waiter for the Excise, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, the one Moiety to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall or will seise, inform or sue for the same, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

XVIII. And that no Person or Persons whatsoever bringing any exciseable Liquors (except Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry and Metheglin) into any Part or Place of this Realm, by Coast Cockquet, Transire or Certificate, nor any Person or Persons to whom the same or any of them shall be consigned, shall land or cause any such exciseable Liquors (except before excepted) to be landed or put on Shore, without making or causing due Entry to be made of the same, with the Officer or Officers of the Excise for the Time being appointed to receive and take such Entries within the Port or Place where the same shall be landed; upon Pain in every such Case as aforesaid, to forfeit double the Value of the said Liquors landed or put on Shore contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted and ordained by Authority aforesaid, That no Appeal in any Cause of Excise whatsoever shall be admitted, until the Party Appellant shall have first deposited and laid down the Angle Duty of Excise in the Hands of the Commissioners, Farmers or Sub of ol Excise, within whose Jurisdiction or Division the said Cause was originally heard and determined, and have given Security to the Commissioners of Appeal, or Justice of the Peace respectively where such Cause is to be finally adjudged, for all such Fine, Forfeiture and Penalty as upon such Hearing and Determination was adjudged against him; (2) and that if upon the Hearing and Determining of any such Appeal, the said original Judgement shall happen to be reversed and made null, then and in every such Case, the said of, Farmers or Sub Commissioners of Excise in whose Hands the said Angle Duty of Excise was deposited, shall restore and deliver back the same, or as much thereof as shall be adjudged by the Commissioners of Appeals or Justices of the Peace respectively, to the said Appellant, and the Party originally pro j fecuting shall pay him the double Costs: (3) But in Case the first Judgement shall be affirmed, the Part; appealing shall pay the like Costs unto the Commissioner or Commissioners complained of; anything ir this Act or in any other Act or Statute whatsoever to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, Brewing or Making any Beer, whether in a common brew house or otherwise, for Sale, or tc convert into Vinegar for Sale, shall pay for every Barrel of such Vinegar beer so made and brewed, the feit veral and respective Sums already imposed and set by any the Acts of excise abovementioned upon Vinegar brewed by any common Brewer in any common brew house; anything in the said Acts or either 0 them to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And it is hereby further declared, That every College and Hall in either of the ijniverftties, whicl before the Duty of Excise was imposed did brew their own Beer and Ale within their own Precincts, am size it out to their respective Members within their own Precincts only, are not liable to the Payment of an; Duty of Excise for the same, either by this or any the fore mentioned Acts.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Differences, Appeals and Complaints, that shall hap ij pen and arise between Party and Party, in order to the Payment of the Duty of Excise, shall be heard am determined in the proper County or in the several Ridings and Divisions of Yorkshire and lincolnshire, when they shall arise, and not elsewhere.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no p'armer, Commissioner, Sub

Commissioner or other Officer of Excise, shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money, See or Reward, for or concerning the taking of any Bond, or giving any Receipt or Note in Writing, relating to th Excise, to or from any Person or Persons whatsoever; upon Pain that every such Person so offending nail so every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings. 3

XXIV. An act*

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 13-l-15. 275

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace or any two wtl° may hear

or more of them, or Chief Magistrates, in the several Counties, Cities, Divisions and Places within. dett rmme

England and Wales respectively, mail meet once in every Month in their respective Divisions, or oftener if uf°n

there shall be Occasion, to hear, determine and to adjudge all Matters and Offences against this or the aforesaid Acts.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one third Part of all Fines, Penalties How the penal and Forfeitures not herein otherwise disposed, shall be to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and successors, and tics upon this one other third Part to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other third a0fc/l, nj reco'"' Part to him that shall inform and sue for the same; (2) and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for v°rea.am n' which no Remedy is ordained for Recovery thereof by this Act, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, 'in any Court of Record within such County, City or Corporation, where the Offence shall be committed, or by such other Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as by the said former Acts is directed and appointed

XXVI. Provided always, That after the said third Day of September, no Appeal in any Matter or Cause Appeals for

of Excise within the immediate Limits of the Chief Office in London nor within the Limits of the present Matters in i on

Farm of London, during the Continuance of such Farm, shall be admitted, unless the same be brought ^j^tsfficreof

within two Months next after the first Judgement, and Notice thereof given or left at the dwelling house, nllts C 1

of the Party or Parties concerned therein; (2) nor shall any Appeal in any Matter or Cause of Excise in

any other County, City, Town or Place, be admitted, unless the same be brought within four Months

after the first Judgement and Notice given as aforesaid; anything in this Act to the contrary r.otwith

standing.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no Commissioner, Farmer, Sub corn No Commissio

missioner, or other Person employed or to be employed in the Farming, collecting or taking Accounts for neror other may the Duty of Excise, do after the first Day of September next take upon him or them any such office, or t^.endlc oarhs proceed in Execution of any such Employment, until he or they have first taken the Oaths appointed to be in the of taken by the Act of Parliament, intituled, A Grant of certain Impositions on Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for, 2 Car. 2. C 23. the Increase of his Majestf s Revenue during his Life, before the respective Persons appointed in the said Act of Farther Prmi _ Parliament, and have entered his Certificate for taking the said Oaths, with the Auditor for Excise, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds for every Month he or they shall so neglect to take the same. 17 Car 2 I. 4

22car. 2. C 5. I W. & M. flat. i. C 24. 4 TV. & M. C 3. $jv.&m. c.za. 7 W. 3. C 30. 8 TK 3. c. 19. \aw. %. C 2\. 12 ra 3. r. u

& II 1 Ann. fiat. 2. C 3. 4 Arm. C 6. zarm. c.'r, 10 Arm. C 19. 12 Aim. Jiat. 2. r. 9, 6 Geo. I. C 21. 11 Geo. I. C 30. jsg». IC. S

1 Geo. 2. c. 16. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. C 9. and 1 Geo. 3. c. 7.

CAP. XII.

An explanatory Act for Recovery of the Arrears of Excise. Where any Officers of Excise are charged with any Duties of Excise received, and not pardoned by the Act of Indemnity, the Sureties of such Persons shall be deemed answerable. Where the of have issued out any Summons which hath been left at the House of any the aforesaid Persons, the same shall be deemed good Notice.

EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An additional Act for the better Ordering and Collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth money. Re 13 & 14 Car appealed by 1 W. Sc M. Self. 1. C 10.j'CL i0, '

CAP. XIV

An Act for settling the Profits of the Postoffice, and Power of granting Wine Licences, on his Royal 12 Car. 2. C ?.j.

Highness the Duke of York and the Heirs Males of his Body. EXP.'12 Car. 2. C 34.

CAP. XV.

An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of making Linen Cloth and Tapistry.

WHEREAS vast Quantities of Linen Cloth, and other Manufadhtres of Hemp and Flax, and The inconvenf of Tapistry hangings, are daily imported into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, to the great De by imporc triment and Impoverishment thereof, the Moneys and quick stock of this Kingdom being thereby daily il>.fjjreif J; Mca*

greatly exhausted and diminished, and the Poor thereof unimployed, while the Materials for the making of such Hangings are here more plentiful, and better and cheaper than in those Places from whence they Hangings. 1 ' are imported; and Flax and Hemp might be had here in great Abundance, and very good, if by setting 28 //, 8. C 4.

' up the Manufactures of such Commodities as are made thereof, it would be taken off the Hands of such as sow and plant the same

II. For the Encouragement therefore of those Manufactures, Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted, by. Encouragement the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem ofengii(h ma poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority thereof, That from and Bu aaul?s* after the first Day of October next ensuing, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever.

Native or Foreigner, freely and without paying any Acknowledgment, See or other Gratuity for the same, in any Place of England or Wales, Privileged or Unprivileged, Corporate or not Corporate, to setup and exercise the Trade, Occupation or Mystery of breaking, hickling or dressing of Hemp or Flax; as alfo1."the oenipa for making and whitening of Thread; as also of spinning, weaving, making, whitening or bleaching of '"J °^, re^ns any Sort of Cloth whatsoever made of Hemp or Flax only; As also the Trade, Occupation or Mystery of Hemp and Flax,

Kn 2 making

276 C 16; Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663.

Making of Ta making of Twine or Nets for Fishery, or of ftoving of Cordage: As also the Trade, Occupation or pifiry Hangings. ]y[y{fe'ry of making any Sort of Tapistry hangings; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any Foreigners may wjfc notwithstanding.

nfe those Trades, Aru] a]j Foreigners that shall really and bona fide setup and use any of the Trades and Marui failures

Privileges as nt aforesaid, by the Space of three Years in this Kingdom of englanddominion of Wales, and Town of tural born Sub Berwick upon Tweed, shall from thenceforth, taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before two jcfts. Justices of the Peace near unto their Dwellings, who are hereby authorised to administer the same, enjoy

Oath of All all Privileges whatsoever as the natural born Subjects of this Kingdom.

giance and Su jy an£j jt

is hereby enacted and declared, hat such Foreigners as shall exercise any of the Trades premacy. aforesaid' by Virtue of this Act, shall not at any Time be liable to any other or greater Taxes, Payments Farther Prmi or Impositions, than such as are or shall be paid by his Majesty's natural born Subjects, unless in Case they, from concerning shall use and exercise Merchandise into and from Foreign Parts, in which Case they shall be liable to pay Linen Cloth, i such Customs as have usually been paid by Aliens during the Space of five Years next ensuing, and no

Ann. sat. 2. longer. e 8. 3 Ann

S. 7 Ann. C 7. so Ann, C 19. 11 Ann. sat. 2. C 9, 19, £? 21. 1 Geo. r. c. 36. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7, £? zi. 17 Geo. 2. c. 30. 18 Geo. 2. c. 24, 27,

& 36. 22 Geo. 2. e, 26. 24 Geo. 2. c. 46, 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 32. See likiwise 4 W, 6f M. C 5. to what Duties Tapifry is liable.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for regulating the Herring and other Fisheries, and for Repeal of the Ad concerning 13 Ed. 1.1.47, Madder.

led.^.fat.a. m _ _.

C 1, 2, £? 3.'tth O R the preventing of Abuses in the packing and ordering of Herrings, and bringing that Commodity

31 Ed. fiat, 3. jjp into Credit in Foreign Parts beyond the Seas; (2) Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the king's^I most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and ay r. 11. 9?' the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and z H. h.'c. 15! after the first Day of August one thousand six hundred sixty four, no White or Red Herrings of English catch 22 Ed. 4. 2. ing shall be put to Sale in England, Wales, or in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, but what shall be

3I//' 8' c. 2' Packoff in lawful Barrels or vessels, and which shall be.well, truly and justly laid and packed; and shall s El. C 17. be of one Time of Taking, Salting, Saving or Drying, and equally well packed in the Midst and every Hew Herrings Part of the Barrel or Vessel, and by a Sworn Packer j and the Vessel or Barrel marked or branded by such shall be packed. Sworn Packer, with a Mark or Brand denoting the Gauge of the Barrel or Vessel, and the Quantity, Quality and Condition of the Herrings packed therein, and the Town or Place where they were packed; (3) Able Packers to and the Bailiffs of Great Yarmouth for the Time being, and the Mayor, Bailiffs, or other Head Officer for be appointed and the Time being of every Port, Haven or Creek, out of which any vessels or Ships do proceed to fish for iwora, Herrings, are hereby authorised and required before the faift Day of July in the Year one thousand six

hundred sixty four, and before the first Day of July in every Year after, to appoint for their respective Haven, Port or Creek, a competent Number of able and experienced Packers, to view and pack all such White or Red Plerrings of Eng life catching, as shall be brought into their Port, Haven or Creek, and well and truly to mark and brand the Barrels or Vessels in which they shall be packed, with such Mark or Brand - as is above directed, and to administer to them yearly an Oath, (which oath they are hereby authorized

Penalty for not and Appointed to give to them) for the well and true doing thereof according to this Act: (4) And in case'

appointing and the said Bailiffs of Great Yarmouth, or the Mayor, Bailiffs, or other Head Officer for the Time being of lweanng Pack any fuc'n Port, Flavcn or Creek, shall not appoint and swear such Packers before such Time in every Year, as is by this Act required, they shall for every Default forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of England, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him on them that shall inform or sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Bill, Plaint or other Action, wherein 'Wrdmony, no Efihin, Protection cr Wager in Law shall be allowed: (5) And for the better regulating of the Ijlanil

Ifbnd. and Westmony Fisheries, and Preservation of the Spawn of Fish there, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat from and after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred sixty 'three, no Ship or Vessel 'shall proceed upon a fishin'g Voyage for If and and Wefmony out of any Port, Haven or Creek in England or Wales, or out of the Port of Bervnck upon Tweed, until the' tenth Day of March in any Year, upon the Pain of the Forfeiture of every such Ship or Vessel, with alf her Furniture, Tackle and Apparel, and of all the Fish caught in 'such Ship or Vessel: And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever do eollebl, levy or Newfoundland, take, or cause to be coilebled, levied or taken, n Newfoundland, any Toll or other Duty of or for any Cod or Poor john, or other Fish of English catching, under the Pain of the Loss of double the Value of. what shall be by them levied, rcollebled or taken, or caused to be collected, levied or taken: (7) And that no Planter, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, do castor lay any Seine or other Net in or near any Harbour in Newfoundland, whereby to take the Spawn or young Fry of the Poor john, or for any other Use'- except for the taking of Bait only; (3) upon Pain of the Loss of all such Seines or Nets, and of

'the Fish taken in them, or of the Value thereof, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts in Newfoundland, or in any Court of Record in England or Wales, by Bill, Plaint or other Ablion; wherein no Eflhin, Protection or Wager in Law shall he allowed.

Houe may de. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Planter or other Person or Per

stroy Houses or fons whatsoever shall burn, destroy or Ileal any Boat, Calk, Salt, Nets, or other Utensils for Filling or spoil nets, C 'making of Oil, or other Goods or Merchandise, left in any Harbour in Newfoundland or Greenland, by or' burn, pull down or destroy any House built by English in Newfoundland or Greenland, to live '. uild in Fishing season, or Stage built by them in either of the said places for the saving or ordering

of

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II

C 17.

277

offiih, or making of Oil; (2) upon Pain of the Loss of double the Value of what shall be by them stolen, The Penalty burnt or destroyed, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts in Newfoundland or Greenland respectively, or in any Court of Record in England, by Bill, Plaint or other Action, wherein no efl oin, Protec tion or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

III. And whereas upon the humble Petition and Complaint of the Merchants and Salters of the City of London, it doth appear, That some Sorts of Madder very useful for Dying cannot be imported so pure and clean, as by one Act passed the last Session of this present Parliament, (entitled, An Act for the Im ' portation of Madder pure and unmixed) is directed and appointed (2) Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, and every Clause and Thing therein contained, be from henceforth utterly void and repealed to all Intents, Purposes and Constructions whatsoever.

Jill ucilccjullll Ulicuy VU1U Hi iu icpcaicu

fh<ry, 30 Car, 2. fiat, I, C 9. 4 5 W

26, /cvff. 7. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 30 Geo. i, C 111 G

A Repeal of the Statute concerning Madder.

13 & 14 Car. 2. C 30.

Farther Provi- tonnes relating to 18. 2$ Gio, Z

CAP. XVII.

An act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford level.

WHEREAS certain Moors, Marshes, Fenny and low surrounded Grounds, within the Counties of Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge and Huntington, and the Isle of Ely, were called the Great Level of the Fens, and after several fruitless Undertakings for draining the same, were upon the Desires of many Persons of Worth, and interested in the same, declared to be a great and noble '

' Work, and of much Concernment to the whole Country, and at their earnest Desire undertaken to be'

' drained by Francis late Earl of Bedford, according to a Law of Sewers made at Kings lynn in the sixth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles of glorious Memory; (2) which said Level is bounded, as The preat Imit followeth, (viz.) Eastward from the Bridge and Cawfey of Stoake unto Brandon bridge upon the Uplands f tl1 fe"s>

' of Northold, Mctbold, Feltwell, Hockuiold and Wilton in the County of Norfolk, and from Brandon bridge 10' 01111 4

unto the End of Worlington load upon Mildenhall River, upon the Uplands of Brandon, the low Grounds "

' of Waimford, excluding the same; the Uplands of Lakingheath, the low Grounds of Earfcwell, ex

eluding the same; and the Uplands of Mildenhall in the County of Suffolk: Southward from Worlington

Load unto Bunvell block upon the Uplands of Freckingham, Wham, Fordham, Sohain and Wickin, in the County of Cambridge, and excluding the Low Grounds of Burwell, Landward, and other Places lying Eastward from Burwell block aforesaid, and from thence unto tyre Mill near Anglifey abbey upon the Up ' lands of Bunveil reach, Swaffham pryor, Swaffham bidbeck and Botfiam, in the County of Cambridge;

' and from thence unto the ferry place of Clayfiith upon the Uplands called ffuyhall, the Low Ground "

' called Low fenn, and the Uplands of Horminfcy and Clayhith in the said County, excluding the Low'

' Grounds called Lovj fcnn, and Offenne; and from the said ferry place unto Over load upon the Up ' lands of Water beach, Cottcnham, Rampton, tvmelingham and Over, in the said County of Cambridge,

and upon the Low Grounds of Sivacy in the said County, excluding the same: Wefhvard from Erith unto the Dam lately made upon the River Neane near Strandground, upon the Uplands of Somersham and the Soake thereof, Warhols, J fiflow, Berry, Ramsey, tjpwood, Ravely, Wood wait on, Saivtrcy, Conning tonne, Glatten and Holme Caldecot, Denton, Stilton, Yaxley, Faffet and Standground in the County of Hun tington, excluding the Low Grounds lying on the north side of the River of Owfe above Erith; and from the said Dam unto Peterborough bridge upon the said River of Neane; and from thence unto the Ferry place near Waldran hall upon the Uplands of Peterborough and the Soak thereof in the County of Nor ' thampton: And Northward from the said ferry place near Waldron hall unto Crawl and Bridge upon the River of Welland; and from thence to Dowfedale upon the Bank of Great Porfand; and from thence un to Guyburne upon the Southeast Bank; and from thence unto Tilneburne upon the Bank of the Fenne Ground called Waldersea; and from thence unto Ehne Lcame at Grangers House upon the Bank of the Fenne ground called Coldbam; and from thence unto the River of Neane near Thurlings in upwejl upon the Bank of Needham, called Bishops Dike; and from thence unto Well creek, at the Northwest: Corner of Waffmgham fenne upon the Bank of the Grounds in Upivell and Outwell called Playfeld and Churchfield,

excluding the aforesaid Fenns and Grounds called Waldersea, Coldbam, Needham, Playfeld and Churchfield, and from thence unto Salters load upon the New podyke Bank; and from thence unto the Mouth of the River Wiffey upon the River Owfe, and from thence unto Helgey bridge upon the River tfijjey, and from thence unto the Uplands at the End of the Bank of the Grounds late of Edmond Skipwitf Esquire de ceased, upon the said Bank, and from thence unto Stoake bridge upon the Uplands of Roxbam, Dcerham,

Weereham, Wretton and Stoake, in the said County of Norfolk; except the Imbanked Grounds late of Edmond Skipvjith Esquire, lying on the north side of the River Owfe: (3) And whereas the said Francis

late Earl of Bedford was to have for his r.eccinpence for effecting that difficult Work, only ninety five thousand Acres of the said Grounds, with convenient Highways and Passages to the same; and the new River, Cuts and Drains to be made by the said Earl and his Assigns, and the Banks of the same,

and the Forelands in the inftde of the said Banks not to exceed sixty Foot in Breadth; which was a Work of so great and public]: Concernment, that his said late Majesty gave great Encouragement to the said Francis late Earl of Bedford and others whom he had taken in to be Adventurers and Participants with him therein, upon the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements contained and specified in and by a certain Indenture of fourteen Parts, bearing Date the seven and twentieth Day of February in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and his Royal assurance to further it by his Concurrence to an Act of Parliament for establishing thereof, and did by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England rncor porate the said late Earl, his Adventurers and Participants, to have Succession for ever; (4) and in order to the effecting thereof, the said late Earl and his Adventurers and Participants bellowed great Sums of

Money

27 3 C 17.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663.

The Earl of Bedford and Adventurers made a Corpora lion for the Fens

The Earl of

nor,

The Bailiffs.

Conservators

' Money for perfecting the same; and after his Death and some Interruptions, William now Earl of Bedford, Son and Heir to the said Earl Francis, with diverse of his Adventurers and Participants, by Colour of a pretended act of Parliament of the nine and twentieth Day of Assay in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and nine, proceeded in the completing and finishing the said Works; and the Commissioners appointed by that pretended at did adjudge the same drained; but the same cannot be preserved without a perpetual constant Care, great Charge and orderly Government, which being re presented to the King's most Excellent Majesty that now is, Pie hath been graeioufiy pleased to declare more than an ordinary Willingness to promote and countenance a Work of so public Concernment, and

many Ways advantageous to this his Kingdom: To the End therefore that a Work of this Nature may receive a public Support and Encouragement; '

II. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said William Earl of Bedford, Son and Heir of the said Francis Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of the said Earl Francis and Earl William, or either of them, their Heirs and Assigns, in such Manner as is herein contained, shall be a Body Politic and Corporate in Deed and Name, and have succession for ever, by the Name of the Governor, Bailiff's and Commonalty of the Company of conserva tors of the Great Level of the Eens; (2) which Corporation shall consist of one Governor, six Bailiffs, twenty Conservators, and Commonalty, and shall have and use a Common Seal to be appointed by themselves, and assemble and meet together when, where, and as oft as they please, and appoint a Register, Receiver, one or more Sergeants at Mace and other Officers, and allow them Salaries, and remove them, and make new at their Pleasure: (3) And the said William Earl of Bedford is to be the first Governor; Bedford Gvver Richard Lord Gorges, Sir Richard Onfloiv Knt. Sir William Terringham Knight of the Bath, Samuel Sandys, Thomas Chichely and Samuel Fortrey, Esquires, the six first Bailiffs; Sir Gilbert Gerhard, junior, Knt. jvd liam Denton, William Crane, Edmond berry Godfrey, Arthur Evelin, Samuel Smith, Roger Jenings, Robert Castle, Robert Hampfon, Joseph Aylojfe, Esquires, Thomas Lord Culpepper, Sir John Ilcwelt Baronet, Arthur Onslow, Robert Philips, Anthony St. John, Esquires, Sir Oliver St. John, Sir Charles Harbord, Knights, Francis Hoblyn, Samuel Sandys, junior, and Robert Terringham, Esquires, the first Conservators: And the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators to continue until wednesday in whitsun Week in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and four, and from thenceforth until new Elections by the said Corporation, or the major Part which shall be then present; and shall be capable to sue and be sued, and Their power and without Licence of Mortmain to purchase Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not exceeding Authority. two hundred Pounds per Annum, and Goods and Chattels, and to dispose thereof in the Name and to the Use of the said Corporation; (5) and the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, shall and may lay Taxes from Time to Time upon all the said ninety five thousand Acres only, for Support, Maintenance and preservation of the said Great Level, and levy the same, with Penalties for Nonpayment, not exceeding a third Part of the Tax, and all other Things do in Order to the Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, and Works made and to be made.

III. And whereas by the said Law of Sewers, twelve thousand Acres, Parcel of the said ninety five thousand Acres, was designed and intended to his said late Majesty, and were set forth and allotted by Bounds in Severalty, and his said late Majesty was in Possession thereof, and granted, assigned, allotted and set out by Bounds two thousand Acres, Parcel of the said twelve thousand Acres, by Letters Patents unto Jerome Earl of Portland, his Heirs and Assigns; which said two thousand Acres, the said Earl of Portland hath sold away about one thousand five hundred Acres in several Parcels to several Persons, ' their Heirs and Assigns, for valuable Considerations, and the Residue thereof being about five hundred Acres, hath granted and conveyed unto his Brother Benjamin jveston, Esq; and his Heirs, upon several

agree 1 upon between the said Earl of Portland and Benjamin jveston by writing for that Purpose: 'IV Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said two thousand Acres, or such other

Lands of equal Value as shall be set forth in Exchange of the same, in Case the aforementioned two thousand Acres, or any Part thereof, shall hereafter be adjudged to have been unduly set out, shall be and hereby are veiled, settled and established in the said several and respective Persons, to whom the said Earl of Portland hath so conveyed or mentioned to convey the lame, their Heirs and Assigns respectively, to each Person, his Heirs and Assigns, his and their several and respective Share and Shares that was so respectively to each of them conveyed, or mentioned to be conveyed, by the said Ear] of Portland, to be held and enjoyed by them and each of them, his Heirs and Assigns, his and their own Share and Part only in Severalty, according to the Intent of the said Conveyances thereof to them respectively made by the said Earl of Portland, upon the same Trusts nevertheless for and concerning the said five hundred Acres granted or mentioned to be granted to the said Benjamin jveston, which the said Earl of Portland and Benjamin jf ef tonne had declared and agreed upon between them as aforesaid; said two thousand Acres shall be held of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the Manor of Eaf Greenwich by Fealty only in free and common Socage and not otherwise, and subject nevertheless with the Residue of the ninety five thousand Acres in equal Proportion to all Taxes and Charges necessary and conducing to the Preservation of the said Great Level from drowning.

thesjccoacrcs V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the eighty-three thousand Acres remain settled and vetted c]cr Of the said ninety five thousand Acres, with the said Ways, Passages, new Rivers, Cuts, Dreins, Banks ., i. r and Forelands, over and above the said ten thousand Acres, Residue of the said twelve thousand Acres

which were allotted in Severalty, and of which his said late Majesty was in Possession, as aforesaid, are hereby veiled and settled in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level of the Fens, and their Successors: Trust nevertheless for the said William Earl es j&dfenl and the Adventurers and Participants of the said Earl Francis and Earl William, or either of

them.

t arl of Portland C £cqo Acres, C

in the Governor,

Tn Truss

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 17. 279

them, their Heirs and Assigns, in such Manner and Wise as is herein after more particularly and especially limited and provided; and according to such Parts and Proportions as they respectively now hold and enjoy, or by Virtue and Provision of this Act ought to hold and enjoy, subject and liable likewisj to the Payment of all Taxes and Charges as aforesaid, to be held of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of the Manor of East grccnivich, by Fealty only in free and common Socage, and not otherwise:

(i) And the said ten thousand Acres, Residue of the said twelve thousand Acres (whereof his laid late Ma Tli: ico o jesty was in Possession as aforesaid) are hereby veiled and settled in his Majesty that now is, and his Assigns, Acres belonging subject and liable with the Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres to the same Taxes and Charges to the K, '"8' before specified: And because the said Great Level of the Fens extends into the said six Counties b. c. 4 fides the Isle of Ely, and forasmuch as Commissioners of Sewers cannot legally proceed in Execution of their Commission, but by a several Jury of every County to inquire of the Matters within their Commission in that County, which hath heretofore enforced the said Earl, his Participants and Adventurers,

Commissioners and Counties, to very great Trouble, Loss and Expense both of Money and Time: (4.)

For avoiding which Inconveniencies, 'It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the The Authority said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Corporation for the Time being, or any five or more of the said cor of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs for the Time being, or their Successors, or any of them, pura!|on^to be two, for Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level by convenient Outfals to the Sea, ofwer°.n"*hall for ever hereafter be and are hereby made and constituted Commissioners of Sewers, for and of the said Great Level of the Fens: (3) And the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, and their Successors, or any of them, to be two, are hereby enabled and empowered from henceforth to use and exercise the Power and Authority of Commissioners of Sewers within the said Great Level of the Fens, and of the Works made or to be made without the said Great Level for conveying of the Waters of the said Great Level by convenient Outfals to the Sea, touching all Matters and Things whatsoever happening to be executed or done within the said Great Level, or the said Works without the said Great Level, enquirable, punishable, or to be done, by Commissioners of Sewers, and therein to act and proceed by one or more Juries of good and lawful Men, inhabiting within any Part or Place within the Boundaries of the said Great Level of the Fens, though in several Counties, as if the said Great Level of the Fens lay within one of the said Counties only; (6) and hall have Power to ini ploy the said Sergeants, o -- any of them for the Time being, by Warrant or Precept from the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, and their Successors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation to summon and return Juries within the Boundaries of any Part of the said Great Level, and execute all Precepts and Process from them, from Time to Time, and all other Things do, as fully as any Sheriff within, his respective County may or can do by Warrant or Precept from Commissioners of Sewers; (7) which juries are to appear at the Times and Places fetor appointed for them to appear before the said Governor,

Bailiffs and Conservators, and their Successors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor and Bailiffs, and their Successors, or any of them, to be two; and are hereby empowered to inquire of, present and try all Matters within the said Great Level, and of and concerning the said Works made or to be made without the said Great Level, for conveying of the Waters of the said Great Level by convenient Outfals to the Sea, within the Power of Commissioners of Sewers, as if the same lay within any one of the said Counties, or as if the said Great Level were one distinct County of itself: (8) And the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them to be two, shall have further Power, as well for the Maintenance of the said Great Level, as for laying and levying of Taxes upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, to use and exercise within the said Great Level such and the like Laws and Customs, and constitute and appoint such and the like Officers from Time to Time, as are or lawfully may be used in Rumny marsh in the County of Kent; byzocsr.;. they who exercise the said Power of Commissioners of Sewers, first taking the Oath which Commissioners C s § a. the of Sewers are by the Law to take; the which Oath the said Governor and Bailiffs, or any of them, are Assessment is {° hereby empowered to administer from Time to Time, without any further Commission. acre^ta"

VI. And because the Metes and Boundaries of the said Grounds within the said Great Level, as to the Thc mets's anij Counties and Parishes, are very uncertain and hard to be distinguished, '(2) Be it therefore further en boundaries of acted, That every Writ, Bill, Plaint, Count, Declaration, Information, Presentment and Indictment, of, Grounds, for or concerning the said Grounds within the said Great Level of the Fens, or any Part or Parcel of the same, or any Trespass, Offence or Wrong done, acted or committed within the said Great Level, and Proceedings thereupon, shall be good and sufficient in Law, though the County, Parish, Town or Place, or any of them, in such Writ, Bill, Plaint, Count, Declaration, Information, Presentment or Indictment, be not rightly named, so as there be such other Certainty or Description of the Place whereby the same is, or may be commonly known.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no other Commissioners of Sewers shall intermeddle within the said No other GW. Great Level, or with any the Works made or to be made for Support, Maintenance or Preservation of the missioners of'

said Great Level, within or without the said Great Level as aforesaid, otherwise than, hereafter in this Act f; wen, to jtj1' shall be provided. _ Uvei.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances by Indenture of the said ninety five thousand Convj' ances Acres, or any Part thereof, entered with the said Register, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, hall be indentn: t cn. of equal Force to convey the Freehold and Inheritance of the said ninety five thousand Acres, or any Part tred with the: thereof, as if the same Conveyances by Indenture were for valuable confijerations of Money, enrolled r egiflcri within six Months in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster? And no Lease, Grant or Conveyance of or Charge out of or upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, or any Part thereof, except

Leases for seven Years or under in Possession, shall be of Force but from the Time it shall be entered with the said Register as aforesaid, j (3) the Entry whereof being endorsed by the said Register upon such Lease'

Levying of Taxes and Penal lies

£?roviso for Tenants at Will or by Lsafes.

Public Notice to be given of Lands charged with Arrears of Taxes or Penalties.

New Works may be made.

The Penalty for throwing down any works.

The Oath to be taken by the Governor, Bailiffs and con iervatois.

The Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators to be elected yearly.

C 17. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663

Grant, Conveyance or Charge, shall be as good and effectual in the Law, as if the Original Book of Entries. were produced at any 1 rial at Law or otherwise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, shall execute Efkte according to the aforesaid Trust under their Common Seal, the Taxes and Penalties then in Arrear beint first paid, which for nonpayment are by Virtue of this Act to be levied by Sale of the Lands.

X. And be it further enacted, That for the Levying such Taxes and Penalties as are now in Arrear, 01 any Time since the thirtieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty and eight (other than such as are hereby otherwise directed to be levied) or which shall be set and imposed upor the said ninety five thousand Acres by Virtue of this Act, and shall be in Arrear upon the respective Part! and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres; (z) the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservaton

of the said Corporation, and their Successors for the Time being, or any five or more of them, whereo: the said Governor and Bailiffs for the Time being, and their Successors, or any of them, to be two, foi levying such Taxes and Penalties which now are or shall be foin Arrear, upon the respective Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, shall on wednesday and Thursday in whitsun vjeeh, ot either of them, every Year at the shire house in Ely aforesaid, in the said Isle of Ely, have Power only to sell so much of such Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, upon which any Tax shall be in Arrear, or Penalties, in such Proportion as the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Corporation, or their Successors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor and Bailiffs, 01 any of them, to be two, shall judge to be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Penalties, by any Writing under the Seal of the said Corporation; and the Person or Persons to whom such Sales shall be made shall be a lawful Purchaser and Assignee of so much as shall be sold, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. Provided, That by any Colour of any Sale for Nonpayment of Taxes, any Tenant or Tenants at Will, or by Lease indented, upon improved Rent of any Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres, shall not be removed from his or their Possession, until he or they shall have taken his or their Crop from off the Premises so sold, paying reasonable Rent proportionable to the Time that such Possession shall from and after such Sales be continued; and such Tenant or Tenants as shall hold any Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres by Lease as aforesaid, shall and may, if he or they shall think meet, continue out their respective Terms, paying their Rent to such Purchaser in Proportion to the Quantity of Acres so purchased; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: (2) Provided, That the said Corporation, nor their Successors, flail not sell any Part or Proportion of the said ninety five thousand Acres for any tax or Penalty in Arrear, which Tax or Penalties shall not be in Arrear by the Space of four Months next before the Sale, nor any more Lands than only for the Raising of such Taxes and Penalties.

XII. Provided also, That the said Corporation shall give public Notice from Time to Time of the Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres for which any Tax or Penalties is or shall be in Arrear, by affixing openly at the shire house or marketplace in Ely aforesaid, a Schedule in Parchment under the Seal of the said Corporation, containing such Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres for which any Tax or Penalty is or shall be in Arrear, with the Name and Names of the respective Owner or Owners, entered upon the tax poll with the said Corporation, of the said Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres foin Arrear.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall and may from Time to Time, erect any new Works within the said Great Level, or without the said Great Level, for conveying the 'waters of the said Great Level by convenient Outfals to the Sea; so always, that if they cut any several Grounds, they give full Recornpence and Satisfaction for the same, in such Manner as shall be hereafter in this Act provided; '(2) And if any Person or Persons shall cut, throw down or destroy any of the said Works, made or to be made as aforesaid, the Parties offending shall answer treble Damages to the said corporation, and Cofis of Suit, to be recovered in an Action of r respafs, to be brought by the said Corporation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; (3) And if such cutting, throwing down or destroying, shall be ma licioufiy done, the same shall be punished as for the Cutting the Pew dyke in Marsh land.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said William Earl of Bedford, nominated to be Governor, and every other from Time to Time into that Office chosen, shall (before he take upon him or them the ex ercife of that Office) take an Oath, That he will well and truly execute that Office in all Things; the which Oath shall and may he administred by the said Bailiffs, or any one of them: (2) And the said Bailiffs, Conservators, Register, Receiver or other Officer nominated as aforesaid, and every other from Time to Time into any of the respective Offices to be chosen, ..shall (before he or they take upon him or them the Exercise of the said respective Offices) take the like Oath for the true executing their respective Offices; the which Oath shall be ad mini fired by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any two or more of them, without any Commission or further Warrant.

XV. And for the Continuance of the said Corporation in Succession for ever. Be it further enacted, That "the said Governor, Bailiffs, Conservators and Commonalty, upon wednesday in Jvhit sin week' yearly, shall

at a public Meeting to be hclden for ffie laid Corporation, by the greater Number then present (whereof the said Governor, or one of the Bailiffs, to be one) elect a new Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators respectively: (2) Provided, That none be capable to be or continue Governor or Bailiffs, that hath not four hundred Acres or more of the said ninety five thousand Acres, nor to be a Conservator that hath not two hundred Acres or more of the said ninety five thousand Acres, nor any of the Commonalty to have a Voice in Elections that hath not one hundred Acres or more of the said ninety five thousand Acres: (3) And that the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any of them, shall and may be removed by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, and Commonalty, or the greater Number of them present at their public Meetings, whereof the said Governor, or one of the Bailiffs, to be one, and new chosen

in

28 I

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 17.

in the Place of him or them so dead or removed: (4) And the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty Accounts to b nlfo hall have further Power to have, demand and receive an Account from all and every the Officers, a<ic ka of Agents and Servants, their Executors and Administrators, heretofore employed, or hereafter to be employed, Xpioycd for the Receiving and Paying of Money, for or in relation to the carrying on of the Works of the Drein P " ing of the said Great Level, and shall and may sue for and recover the same; (G and that all Arrears of Rent already incurred upon or out of any Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres upon any Contract or Lease of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof, shall be received and recovered, as if the said pretended Act had been a good and effectual Act: (6) and if any Suit be commenced against the said Cor in Suits ajaintt poration, or any Person for any Matter or Thing done in Pursuance of this Act; then he or they hall or may any itrpioycd by plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had touching the Aa, same, which shall be as good and effectual in Law, as if the same had been specially pleaded, and the Jury hcjxh gene' upon the Trial to give a Verdict accordingly. r ral Iiiue."

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as touching and lan(isofpersons, concerning such Part and Parcel of the said eighty-three thousand Acres, whereof any Person or Persons attainted, and attainted, or that shall be attainted, was or were in Possession at any Time since the nine and twentieth Titles under Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and nine, under pretended Sales them yened io thereof respectively made by Colour of the said pretended Act, or under any other Title or pretended Title the K "'s' whatsoever; the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs, Successors and Assigns, shall have the same and

like Benefit, Advantage and Interest, in all and every the said Parts and Parcels of the said eighty-three thousand Acres, and no other than as the said Persons so attainted, or which shall be attainted, could or ought to have by Virtue of this Act, in Case the 'had not been been so attainted, or shall not be attainted.

' (z) And whereas the Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions o and in the said ninety five thousand Acres,

' which in Pursuance of the said Indenture of fourteen Parts, and by Virtue or Intention of the said Act

and Law of Sewers made at Lyn, do belong and appertain to the said Samuel Sandys the Elder, or his Trustees, Sir William Terringhamt. Sir Richard Onslow, and other the Assignees and Trustees of Henry late Earl of Arundel and Surrey deceased, Arthur Earl of Anglesey, Thomas Lord Culpepper, Robert Phillips,

Robert Scawen, and to diverse other Persons the Participants of the said Earl Francis, and Parties to the said Indenture, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, are now possessed and

enjoyed by diverse Persons, who took, contrasted for, or accepted of, or by such who claim and derive

their Interest and Title from and under such Persons as did take, contract for, or accept of pretended

Estates or Conveyances of the same, made or pretended to be made by certain Persons mentioned in and by the said pretended Act of the nine and twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred forty-nine,

' to have Authority to sell the Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions of such of the Adventurers and Par

of the said Earl Francis, and of their respective Heirs and Assigns, as should refuse or make De

of Payment of such Taxes as should by Colour and in Pursuance of the said pretended Act: he imposed upon them respectively, in respect of their Shares and Lots, in or out of the said ninety five

thousand Acres

XVII. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the said Company of Conservators of the said Great Level of the Fens, and their Successors, shall actually land seized and possessed of all and every the Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions last mentioned, in Trust nevertheless to and for the Use and Behoof of the said Samuel Sandys the Elder, or his Trustees in Trust for him, Sir William Terringham, Sir Richard Onslow and others of the said Assignees and Trustees of Henry late Earl of Arundel and Surrey deceased, Arthur Earl of Anglesey, Thomas Lord Culpepper,

Robert Philips, Robert Scawen, and of their respective Heirs and Assigns, and to and for the respective Uses and Behoofs of the said other Persons, the Participants of the said Earl Francis, and Parties to the said Indenture of fourteen Parts, and of their respective Heirs and Assigns, now out of Possession of their respective Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, as heretofore in or about the Month of October in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles of ever Blessed Memory, were respectively allotted, severed, let forth or divided for or as the respective Shares, Lots,

Parts and Proportions of such of the Adventurers, the Participants of the said Earl Francis, and the parties to the said Indenture of fourteen Parts, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from and under whom the said Samuel Sandys the Elder or his Trustees, Sir William Terringham, Sir Richard Onslow and others the Assignees and Trustees of Henry late Earl of Arundel and Surrey deceased, Arthur Earl of Anglefley, Thomas Lord Culpepper, Robert Philips, Robert Seamen, and the said other Persons the Participants of the said Earl Francis, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, now out of Possession of their respective Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions, do respectively claim and derive their said Shares, Lots, Parts, Proportions; and the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators are hereby authorised and required to execute respective Estates of the said Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions accordingly, subject and liable nevertheless with the p>.efidue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, in equal Proportion to all Taxt^ and Charges to be laid and imposed by Virtue of this Act for Preservation of the said Great Level from Drowning: ' (2) And whereas the Persons now in Possession of the said last mentioned Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, whereof pretended Estates and Conveyances were taken, contrasted for or accepted of as aforesaid, do pretend that they or those under whom they do respectively claim and derive their Right, Title or Pretensions to the said Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions respectively, have laid out and disbursed for Taxes for and towards the Maintenance, Preservation and Repair of the Works of the said Great Level heretofore erected by the said Earl Francis and his Participants, and for and towards their ' E eclion of new and necessary Works for the better and more effectual Dreining of the said Great Level,

' and for Building upon the said Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions, more Moneys than the clear rents,

' Issues and Profits of the said Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions have amounted to since the said respeq tive pretended Estates and Conveyances were first taken, contrasted for or accepted as aforesaid

Vol. III O o XVIII Be

282 C 17. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 166j.

Th chief Ju. XVIII Ee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That the Chief ftice of the Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the Chief Baron antothe f the Court of Exchequer, and the Justices of the said Court of Common Pleas for the Time being, or a judicature t any two or more of them, are hereby constituted, appointed and erected a Judicature or Commissioners hear and deter to hear, order, judge, decree and determine upon Bills and Answers to be exhibited, or otherwise as they mine Diffe shall think fit, between the said Persons who are now in the Possession of the said respective Shares, Lots, icnces. Parts and Proportions, and the respective Heirs and Assigns of the said Persons now in Possession as aforesaid

; and the said.sir Richard Onslow and other the said Assignees and Trustees of the said Henry late Earl of Arundel and Surrey deceased, Arthur Earl of Anglesey, Thomas Lord Culpepper, the said Samuel sand js the Elder, or his Trustees, Sir William Terringham, Robert Philips, Robert Scaiven, and the said other Persons Participants of the said Eatil Francis, and their respective Heir's and Assigns, who are now out of the Possession of the said Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions respectively, and to whom respective Estates are by Virtue of this Act to be executed of the same as aforesaid: (2) And the said Judicature or of, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised out of the said Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions, to order, adjudge, decree and determine to either of the said Parties respectively, such recompense and Allowance as they the sail Judicature or Commissioners, or any two or more of them shall see Cause: And for the better enabling the said Judicature or Commissioners to proceed to the Hearing, Ordering, Adjudging, Decreeing and Determining, and for putting in due and speedy Execution such Order, Judgement, Decree and Determination, as they or any two or more of them shall make between the said Parties;

amhori^of the*3 hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That they the said Judicature or Com'

fiid }ud'icaturc.a missioners, or any two or more of them, hall hac such and the like Power and Authority as the High Court of Chancery hath in Cases before the said Court depending, and for putting in Execution the Decrees of the said Court: (2) And to the End that the said Judicature may be the better enabled to judge of the Rights and Pretensions of either Party;

Directions for XX Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Decree or Determination which they their Decrees shall make by Virtue and in Pursuance of this Act, they shall have regard to the Sum and Sums of Money

and Proceedings, actually disbursed and expended by either Party in the Works of preining. the said Great Level, and in

the Preservation and Reparation of the same; and also to the respective Times of such Disbursements and Expense, Defalking the reout such Sum and Sums of Money as have been received by either Party, their Tenants or Assigns, for the Rents, Issues and Profits of the same, and abating out of the Interest of the Money disbursed by either Party so much as the Interest of the Money received by such Party for the Rents, Hues and Profits of the same, doth amount unto. (2) And to the Intent that the Persons who by the true intent and Meaning of this Act are to be put into Possession of any Part of the said eighty-three thousand Acres, may not by undue Delays or by any other Means or Pretensions be kept out of the Possession of the same; '

XXI. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times after the Expiration

of six Months after the Faffing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Samttel Sandys. the Elder, and his trustees for him, Sir Richard Onfloiu and others the Assignees and True faeces of Henry late Ear of Arundel and Surrey deceased, Arthur Earl of Anglesey, Thomas Lord Culpepper, Sir William Ter ring

ham, Robert Philips and Robert Seamen, their and every of their respective Heirs and Assigns, and to anti

for the Participants of the said Earl Francis, Parties to the said Indenture of fourteen Parts, their and every of their respective Heirs and Assigns, whose Lands, Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions of and in the said ninety five thousand Acres, were sold or pretended to be sold for nonpayment of Taxes by Virtue of the Lid pretended Act of the nine and twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and nine, to bring their respective Action or Actions of Trespass, or Trespass and Ejectment, in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Court of Common Pleas at H'ejlminjhrj against any person or Persons whatsoever, possessing, with holding or occupying the same, although the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or so many and such of them as are thereunto authorised by this present Act, have not or shall not execute Estates pursuant to this present Act to such Person or Persons hereby enabled to bring such Action or Actions; and such Person or Persons shall recover such Lands, Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, as they respectively shall make and derive Title and Claim unto, as Participants of the said Francis Earl of Bedford, Parties to the said Indenture of fourteen Parts, or as' the respective Heirs or Assigns of the said respective Participants, Parties to the said Indenture of fourteen Parts, as if the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators had duly executed respective Estates of such respective Lands, Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And such Person or Persons, his and their respective Pleirs and Assigns, shall have and hold the same Lands, Shares, Lots, Parts and Proportions, as fully and effectually as if the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators had executed respective Estates thereof, subject nevertheless to such Decree as the said Judicature or Commissioners before nominated and appointed shall make touching or concerning the Premiffies, and also subject to the Payment of all Taxes to be laid

4000l. in an car and imposed by Virtue of this Abr, and no other. ' (2) And whereas there are several Sums of Money lor Taxes, upon £ amounting to four thousand Pounds or thereabouts, in arrear for Taxes laid and imposed since the nine whom to be laid, e anc[ twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty and eight, upon several Parts of the said ninety five thousand Acres, fubiedled by this Act to the Judicature aforesaid, and for Penalties incurred for nonpayment of the same, by Virtue or Colour of some Act or Authority or P pretended Act or Authority

XXII. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or Judicatory, or any two of them aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required, in such Adjudication

they shall make touching the Lands subjected to their Judicature as aforesaid, to direct order and decree,

3. upon

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 17. 283

upon what Persons or Lands the said Sums of Money foin arrenr for Taxes and Penalties as aforesaid,

I shall be charged, and the said Taxes and Penalties shall be accordingly levied upon such Persons or Lands, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as shall be directed, ordered and decreed by the Judicature aforesaid, or any two of them, and as if such Direction, Order and Decree had been particularly hereby enacted.

XXIII. And whereas particular Persons and Parishes do conceive and allege, That the Dreining of one Complaints by ( Place hath drowned and made worse the Lands in other Places: (2) And whereas diverse Persons likewise particular I'cf ' do allege and complain. That the said ninety five thousand Acres in many Places are not indifferently and P

' set out or allotted according to the Law made at Lyn in the sixth Year of the late King Charles, nor ac ri(1*cs e cording to Agreement made with the Country; but in many Places greater Quantities have been taken from the Owners, Commoners and Townships than ought to have been; and that fonie Lands have £ been taken as belonging to one Parish and County, which in Truth did belong to another; and in many Places the Allotments have been taken very inconvenient for the Townships, which ought not to have

C been by the said Agreement: And whereas the Dreining aforesaid and future Maintenance of the said Great Level ought to be without Prejudice to Navigation: (3) And because all Complaints which have been made, and all Prejudices which have been or shall be done to particular Persons, Parishes and Places, cannot by this Act be sufficiently provided for and remedied

XXIV. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Sir John Tracy Knight, Sir Charles Mor Commissioners dant, Sir Nicholas Lejlrangc, Baronets, Sir William Hovel, Knight, Edward Pepis, Humphry Beddingfield, fcf bearing the Nicholas Stileman, Esquires, for the County of Norfolk, (2) Sir Nicholas Bacon Knight of the Bath, Sir s jplaidc, 3 Lionel Talmach baronet, Sir John Duncombe Knight, Sir Edmond Pooley Knight, Sir George Reeve Knight ar' "eienccj' and Baronet, Sir George jfenevc Knight, Thomas Waldegrave Esquire, for the County of Suffolk, (3) Sir Dudley North, Sir Thomas Wendy, Knights of the Bath, Levinus bernet Esquire, Robert King, John Pcpis,

Doctors of the Law, Thomas Crouch, Francis North, Esquires, for the County of Cambridge, (4) Sir Thomas Sclater Baronet, Left range Colthrop, John Millccent, Thomas Hall, John Sotbeby, Esquires, John Bing Esquire, and William Wrenn Esquire, for the Isle of Ely, (3) Sir Francis Compton Knight, Robert ap prccce, Sutton ashfield, Esquires, Anthony South Doctor of the Law, Robert Pain, Richard Nayler,

Ferrers of Gedd tng, Esquires, for the County of Huntington; (6) Sir William Dudley Knight and Baronet, mauricctrcsham, Francis Kirkham, Lewis Palmer, christopherthurjby, Francis Lane, gcorgetresham, Esquires, for the County of Northampton; (7) Sit Charles hujj'ey, Sir John Newton, Baronets, Sir Thomas Meers, Sir Anthony Ireby, Knights, Sir Anthony Oldfield Baronet, Richard Brownlozv, Daniel Rhodes, Esquires, for the County of Lincoln; shall be, and are hereby made and constituted the present Commissioners for the purposes herein mentioned.

XXV. And for the (applying the Number of the Commissioners of the said respective Counties, in Case of Death or other Avoidance or Incapacity; (2) Be it also enacted, That within three Months after such Death, or Notice of such Avoidance or Incapacity, the remaining Commissioners of each respective County, of which such Commissioners who died, or became incapable, were, or the major Part of them, hall from Time to Time nominate and appoint by Deed under their Hands and Seals to be enrolled in Chancery, some other Person or Persons reftding within the said County, of which the said Commissioners who died, or became incapable were, to be Commissioners in the Place and Stead of him or them so dying or becoming incapable; (3) which said Commissioners hereby constituted, or hereafter to be constituted in The poworar.a Manner aforesaid, or any seven or more of them be, are and shall be hereby authorised and empowered Authority of from Time to Time to hear and determine such Complaints, Controversies, Differences and Grievances as the faiu com are in this Act expressed (relating to, or concerning, or occasioned by, the Draining and Maintaining the said Great Level) of any Parish or Township, or of any Person or Persons, as well within or without the said Level, in such Manner as is herein after expressed: And that the said Commissioners hereby constituted, or hereafter to be constituted in Manner aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time have Power and Authority, and are hereby required, at or before the eight and twentieth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and six, to give or make Satisfaction out of th e said ninety five thousand Acres, to such Parish or Township, Person or Persons, whose Lands or ir.terest therein, either within or without the said Level, shall after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and three, be made worse in Quality or Condition by the aforesaid Dreining or Works, than they were before the Undertaking the Draining of the said Level in the fixthycr.rof the Reign of our late King Charles of bjefted Memory, and proportionable to the Losses the Owners of, or Persons interested in such Lands, shall hereafter receive by Reason of their Lands being made worse in Quality or Condition by any such Works and Dreining as aforesaid; (5) and shall also have Power at any Time within four Years from the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three, to alter, change and restore such Parts and Parcels of the said ninety five thousand Acres, as shall upon Complaint be found and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to be unequally, unduly or inconveniently set forth, by Reason of any Allotting, either of greater Quantities, or as belonging to other Counties, Parishes or Manors, or in more inconvenient Places, than they were formerly allotted and set out by a Law of Sewers made at Saint Ives the twelfth Day of October in the thirteenth Year of King Charles the First, notwithstanding any Veiling of the said ninety five thousand Acres, or any Part thereof, in the King's Majesty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in any other Persons before mentioned, or any Estates executed by them or any of them.

XXVI. Provided, and be it enacted, That ninety three Acres in Ravely and Upwood, seventy six Acres in r2veiy; up. Sethery, forty-four Acres and one Rood in ipicken, eighty eight Acres in Cmafemi, two hundred eigty two Acres wood, Sotheiy, in beezjing, and thirty seven Acres in Up well, set out to be enjoyed as Part of the said ninety five thousand Wick n, Cow acres since the making the said Law of Saint Ives, in Lieu of like Proportions altered and restored to the fenn> deeding. Country, shall be held and enjoyed by the said Corporation, subject nevertheless to the Trust in and by this

284 C 17. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663.

Act declared, as to the said eighty-three thousand Acres Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres; and shall set forth to the said Corporation in Trust for the Participants or Adventurers, whose Proportion shall be so altered or exchanged, in Lieu of such Part as shall be so altered, exchanged or restored, such other Proportions in such other Places within the said Level, as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall seem just and reasonable, according to the Proportions and Places which ought and might have been by Lynne and Saint Ives Law aforesaid, to be held and enjoyed of the Manor of Eafi Greenwich, to the End there may be no Diminution of the said ninety five thousand Acres; (z) and where it firall appear upon Complaint of the said Corporation before the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, that any of the Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres heretofore set forth to Francis Earl of Bedfird, his then Participants and Assigns, do fail short in the Quantity of Acres for which the same were set forth and allotted, according to the said Laws of Lynne and St. Ives, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall within the said Term of four Years aforesaid appoint the same to be supplied and made up out of the Grounds where the same was so allotted to be set forth, to make up the said Proportion of ninety five thousand Acres. (3) And in Case the said Earl of Bedford, and his Participants, or the said Corporation, shall through or by Reason of their Undertaking or Dreining aforesaid, in the llxth Year of his late majesty's Reign, of ever blessed Memory, have done or hereafter shall do any act or als to the Prejudice of Navigation, and whereby Navigation in the said Rivers of Ovjfe and Grant, and all other Rivers now navigable passing through the said Level, and the River of jvefhvatcr, being a Branch of the River of Ozvfe, if it be confident with the Dreining, or in any of them, or such drove ways or Bridges within and without the said Level, as have been made or caused to be made by the Adventurers, and have been by them maintained, unless there be some Agreement to the contrary, be or hereafter shall be interrupted, obstrubed and made worse; then the salt! Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, whereof the vice-chancellor for the University of Cambridge, the Mayor of the Town of Cambridge, and the Mayor of the Town of Kings lynne for the Time being, to be three, if they upon Notice left at their respective Habitations shall think fit to be present, from Time to Time shall and may decree the same to be made good and amended, at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Corporation, within a convenient Time, as to their Judgments shall seem meet: (4) And in Case it shall happen and so fall out, that the said Corporation shall neglect or refuse to repair and make good the same, according to the Order and Decree of the said Commissioners, and within the Time limited by them; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals attested, to Tax the said ninety five thousand Acres in such Sum and Sums of Money as in their Judgments firall seem meet, for the making, preserving and keeping the Navigation in any of the aforesaid Rivers, as the same was in the said sixth Year of the said King Charles the First; which said Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or taxed by the Commissioners aforesaid, shall within twenty Days next after Notice 'thereof given to the Governor or Treasurer of the said Corporation, be paid unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint to receive the same. (5) And in Case the said Governor or Treasurer of the said Corporation, after Notice so given as aforesaid, firall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, That then the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, firall have full Power and Authority to empower the said Person or Persons to levy the said sum or Sums of Money by Distress or Distresses to be taken upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, or any Part thereof, and to make Sale of the said Difirefs or Distresses so taken, and fell the same, and render the Overplus unto the said Governor or Treasurer, deducting the reasonable Charges for their Labour and Pains therein: (6) All which said Sum or Sums of Money so to be taxed and levied by the Authority aforesaid, shall be expended and laid out in preserving and keeping the said Navigation as aforesaid, and maintaining the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Statute, and not otherwise. (7) And the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are also hereby empowered and authorised within the Space of four Years from the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three, to ascertain and divide the precincts and Boundaries of such Parts of the said respective Counties, Lordfiiips, Manors and Parishes within the said Level, as have been by and since the Undertaking, defaced and made obscure, or by some other Means remain uncertain and hard to be found out, and shall set down such Bounds and Divisions in Writing, by such Marks, Boundaries and Descriptions as to them shall seem meet, and shall certify the same under their Hands and Seals in thepiigh Court of Chancery; (3) according to which Division of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, the Extent of the said respective Counties, Lordfiiips, Manors and Parishes in such Places so hounded and divided, shall for ever after the said Certificate be deemed to be, and none other: (q) And in Case the Quantity of eight thousand Acres lying together or near together, or any greater Quantity of Ground lying together or near together within the said Level, shall become drowned, and so continue for the Space of twelve Months together: That then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to assess Taxes or Sums of Money upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, for the raising the Money for Dreining the same again, in such Proportion as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit, together with a Penalty for not paying the said Taxes, the said Penalty not exceeding a third Part of such Tax.

How Lands may

XXVII. And for Default of Payment of the said Taxes or Sums of Money and Penalties, Be it enacted, ^avn!er.t°of n* 1 at Eot 311 d Share of such Participant or Adventurer of and within the said ninety five thousand

Taxes or tcnal Acres, as shall be in Arrear for the said Tax, Sum of Money or Penalty, and unpaid by the Space of two tics. Months next after the Day appointed for Payment by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of

them, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, shall be feciueftred by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for or towards the Payment of such Tax, Sum of Money, or Penalty foin Arrear, asftoring the Overplus of the Money for which such Lot or Share, or any Part thereof, shall be sequestered,

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 17. 285

if any be: Which Sequestration shall be made in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said of for the Time being, or any seven or more of them.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the filid Governor, Bailiffs and Corporation constituted by this Act, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Tax or Taxes and Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money, as shall from Time to time hereafter he taxed and imposed by the said Commissioners before named, or to be named by Virtue of this Act, or any seven or more of them, purfu aut to the Powers given them by this Act, whereupon the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Pei four;, his or their Tenant or Tenants, of and in the said ninety five thousand Acres, or any Part thereof, shall he distrained or (old, or his or their Lands fequeffred for the Payment thereof, or that such i'erson or persons, his or their Tenant or Tenants, shall thereupon pay the said Tax and Taxes, and Penal ies Co af feflid and imposed as aforesaid; that then the said Governor, Bailiff's and Corporation, immediately from and after Notice to him or them given thereof, shall assess and tax the whole ninety five thou fund Acres for the Satisfaction and Payment of the Tax, Taxes and Penalties, Sum and Sums of Money, and all Damages that such Person or Persons, his or their Tenant or Tenants, hath, or have paid, born or sustained, as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Governor, Bailiffs and Corporation shall not within six Months after Demand made by such Person or Persons, his and their Heirs,

Executors and Administrators, whose own or Tenant or Tenants Goods and Chattels shall be distrained or sold, or Lands fequeffred as aforesaid, pay and satisfy unto him or them such Sum and Sums of Money and Damages as he or they, his and their respective Tenant or Tenants have respectively paid, born and sustained; 7 hat then and from thenceforth inch Person and Persons, his and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may bring his and their Action or Actions of Debt in any of the King's majesty's Courts at Westminster, against the said Governor, Bailiffs and Corporation, for the Recovery thereof, and by Virtue of this Act shall recover the same, and be allowed Costs of Suit expended therein.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so constituted or to be hereafter constituted as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, for the better Execution of the Powers hereby given, shall and may inform themselves by examining Witnesses upon Oath, which hereby they, or any seven or more of them, shall have Power to administer, due Execution of all, every or any the Powers or Authorities hereby given them, and for the doing Justice therein accordingly.

XXXI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners and every of them, before he or they take upon The commissionhim or them the Execution of any the Powers or Authorities hereby given them, other than the admini ners to take aa firing the Oath following to one another, which they shall have Authority by this present act to administer °atlu

to one another, shall take the Oath following, (viz.)

' (2) T A.B. shall and will without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, accord ' JL ing to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities established by this Act of Parliament.'

Which Oath any one of the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to administer.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Judgments, Orders, Decrees, Determinations, Alterations, Changes, Restaurations, and other Acts done by the said Commissioners hereby constituted, or hereafter to be constituted, as aforesaid, or of any seven or more of them respectively, pursuant to the Powers and Authorities by this Act given, shall be final; and that the first Time and Place of their Meetings shall be at or before the two and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three, at Ely.

XXXIII. And that afterwards the usual Places where the said Commissioners shall fit to hear, order and The Places determine the Matters to them referred by this Act, shall from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the where the com twenty sixth Day of March in every Year, be at the Town of Huntington; and from the twenty-fifth Day missioner fill of Aiarch till the thirtieth Day of September in every Year, be at Ely, unless the said Commissioners hereby flt* constituted, or hereafter to be constituted, as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint some other Place or Places, being a Market town or Towns; (2) and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seals declare the Places and Times of their after meeting; which Warrant shall be published in the open Market of such respective Places where they last sat, between the Hours of Twelve and Two upon some Market day one Month at the leaf! before the said Time or Times of Meeting, to the End all peri ons concerned may have fufffeient Time and Notice to make their Appearance before them upon any Cause of Complaint, or other Occasion; (3) and shall have Power and Authority by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of them, to summon Parties and Witnesses to appear before them.

XXXIV. Provided, That none of the said Commissioners hereby constituted, or hereafter to be consti -- tuted, as aforesaid, shall Vote or give his Judgement or Determination in any Matter or Thing which concerns the Division and Bounds of the County of or for which he is appointed Commissioner.

XXXV. Provided also, That no Person who hath any Part, Share or Interest in Possession or Reversion of or in any Manors or Lands within the said Level, shall be a Commissioner.

XXXVI. And in Case of Descent, Gift, Devise or Purchase of any such Part, Share or Interest, to or by any the said Commissioners, it is hereby declared and enacted, That immediately after such Descent,

Gift, Devise or Purchase to or by any such Commissioner, the said Descent, Gift, Devise or Purchase shall be an Avoidance of his being a Commissioner, and shall make him be incapable of being again nominated or appointed a Commissioner whilst his Interest doth remain.

XXXVII. Provided also, and the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times have Power and Authority to give and make Satisfaction out of the

Owners of Wafics and Commons may improve.

16 & 17 Car. 2. C 11. in Part repealed by 1 lac. 2, C 2:

Sutton, mead hnd.

Londoners Fenn,

Up well, out wdl, Welney.

Donfedale*

Bank,

How and for what Time Archbishops, Bishops, C may make Leaks.

the n'nety five thousand Acres, to such Person or Persons whose Lands or Interest therein (by any new Works hereafter to be made by the said Corporation within the Paid Level, for conveying of the Waters of the said Level by convenient Outfalls to the Sea) shall be made worse in Quality, Condition or Value, than they were before the said Undertaking in the said sixth Year of the said late King Charles, proportion. to the Loss and Damage the Parties shall receive thereby.

XXXVIII. And to the End that the Owners of the Commons and Wastes in the said Level and other Towns, Parishes and Places, unto which the Works aforesaid, or any of them, do extend, may improve the same by making Divisions and Enclosures; (z) Be it provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever _ Heirs and successors, that are or shall be Lords of Manors, or have or shall have Rights of Common in the said Waste, to improve, set out, enclose, divide and fever such Proportion or Proportions as to them shall or may severally or respectively belong or appertain, or be adjudged and allotted out of the said Commons and Wastes within the said Level, or within any Town, Parish or Place, into which the Works aforesaid, or any of them, do extend, and to hold such Proportion in Severalty at all Times of the Year; (3) and all Differences that shall arise concerning the Boundaries of the Wastes, Rights of Common, Approvements, Allotments, Divisions and Enclosures, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times, be determined, adjudged, and finally ended, by the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, upon their View, or Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which they are hereby authorised to admini ffer) or upon both, and hearing of the Parties concerned, by their Adjudication under their Hands and Seals in Writing, which Determination and Judgement being certified into the Petty bag, there to be filed, and kept on Record, shall be final and conclusive unto all Parties: (4) And the Allotments, Divisions and Proportions so adjudged or decreed to be held by the said respective Persons to whom they are so set cut, shall be held by him or them, and his and their Heirs, Executors and Assigns respectively, according to his or their Tenure or Tenures, Estate, Title or Interest they had in the Manors, Tenements and Lands, for which they claimed the said Proportions of Common, as aforesaid; such Fines and Rents, and doing such Services in Proportion for the same, as by Custom or otherwise they are to pay or do, and do for the Manors, Tenements and Lands for which they claim the same Proportion, having such Respect to the yearly Values of the one and the other, as shall (if Need so require) be limited by seven or more of the Commissioners.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons as were, heretofore Owners of the one hundred seventy five Acres in Sutton, North and South mead land., in the said Isle of Ely, set out by the said Law of St. Ives, as a Recompense for Dreining the whole North and South Meadlands, containing about one thousand Acres, their Heirs or Assigns, to file and implead before the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, the Owners' and Occupiers of the said North and South Meadlands, or elsewhere within the said Great Level, to draw them into Contribution for their several and respective Proportions of the said North and South Meadlands, towards the said one hundred seventy five Acres, (z) And the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall thereupon adjudge and decree unto the said Owners of the said one hundred seventy five Acres, or such of them as they shall think fit, and to their Heirs and Assigns, such Recompense and Satisfaction, either in Ready Money, yearly Rent, or Land, out of the Residue of the North and South Meadlands, as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall seem meet, to be held and enjoyed by the said Owners of the said one hundred seventy five Acres, their Heirs and Assigns.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for Sir johnjvatts Knight, and others, who derive any Interest under the Dreiners of that Fenn called Londoners fenn, his and their Heirs and Assigns, to sue and implead all and every Person and Persons, their Executors and ad ministrators, that have taken and received the Rents and Profits of his or their Share and Proportion of lor. doners fenn, remaining from the Share and Proportion alkitted and set out by the said Law of St. Ives since the said Level was adjudged Dreined, and to sue for and recover the same in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster; (2) and also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir yohn ivatts and the Participants aforesaid, his and their Heirs and Assigns, heretofore Owners of the several Proportions in lon doners fenn, set out by St. Ives Law for the Adventurers Recompense for Dreining the Low Grounds in Upwell, Outzvell and ivehiey, to purfite and prosecute before the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, their Claim, and fuc for Relief, against the Owners or Occupiers of the Fenny and Low surrounded Grounds lying in Upwell, Outwell and jvelney aforesaid, whose Grounds did not all contribute, or not in equal Proportion, to the said ninety five thousand Acres, to draw them into Contribution, in Eafeof the said Sir John ivatts and the Participants aforesaid; and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to adjudge and decree unto the said Sir yohn ivatts and the Par; a for said, his and their Heirs and Assigns, such Proportion out of the said Grounds which have not equally contributed as aforesaid, as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more, shall seem meet.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the King's Majestyj and the queen's Majesty, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, to continue in the Possession, Usage and Disposal of the Bank called Doufedale bank, being on the south side of His Majesty's Derncfne Lands called Port belonging to their Manor of crovsland, being Part thereof, and to have such ancient Passages and Currents as of Right have been used and accustomed, for the Avoidance of Water through the same into the River South eac, as if this Act had never been made.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted hv the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Archbishop, Bishop, Dean and Chapter, and all Colleges and Halls in cither University, and all Bodies Politic and Corporate, who are or shall be Lords of Manors, or have or shall have Right of Soil or Common in the Wastes within this said Level, or within such other Towns, Parishes and Places into which the Works of the Dreining aforesaid do or shall extend, and who are by this Act empowered to

A.D. 1663. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II C 17. 287

improve, set out, enclose, divide and fever such Proportion or Proportions as to them shall or may respectively belong or appertain, out of the said Commons and Wastes within the said Level, to demise by indenture all and every the said such Proportion or Proportions as to them hall or may respectively belong or appertain, out of the said Commons and Wastes within the said Level, which have not by express Words, and under any particular Rent, been at any Time formerly demised, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding one and twenty Years, so as upon every such Demil'e or Lease be reserved the fourth Part of the true yearly Value, to be ascertained by the Commissioners aforesaid or any seven of them, due and payable yearly during the said Term, to him or them and his and their successors.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it declared by and with the Consent of all Parties concerned. That neither this act nor anything therein contained mall extend or be construed to extend to alter the Possession of Thomas Chicheley, Esq; of or from six hundred seventy one Acres, Parcel of the Lot now claimed to belong to the said Trustees of Henry late Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and two hundred thirty-one Acres,

Parcel of the Lot now claimed to belong to the said Sir William Tcrringham, or from any Part thereof, by him the said Thomas Chicheley now enjoyed under Purchasers by Sales for Nonpayment of Taxes upon the Dispute between the old and new Adventurers; but that the said Corporation shall execute Conveyances.

of the said respective Proportion unto the said Thomas Chicheley, his Heirs and Assigns; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Right or Rights as any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or Half hundred, have heretofore had within their respective Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or Half hundred, within or without the said Level, to Waifs, Strays,

Felons Goods, Privileges of Arrests, Escheats and all other Royalties not prejudicial to the Dreining, be hereby saved to them, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns severally and respectively; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not be interpreted to infringe or any Way to weaken an Act made the fourth Year of the Reign of King James, intituled An al Iac> c J for the Dreining of certain Fens and Low Grounds within the Isle of Ely, fabject to Hurt by surrounding, containing about Jtx thousand Acres, compared about with certain Banks, commonly called and named. The Ring of Walterfea and Coldham; but the said itft shall stand in full Force and Virtue; anything in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided also, That whereas diverse Lands in and near adjoining unto the said Great Level, have been cut through for the better Conveying of the Waters from the same, and for upholding or repairing the Ranks and Works there, without making Satisfaction to the respective Owners of the said Lands, for the Damage they have sustained by such Cutting, '(2) Be it further enacted, That the said of for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, upon Complaint to them made of such Damage sustained as aforesaid, without Recompense for the same, shall be and are hereby empowered to award and decree such Recompense and Satisfaction to the Party and Parties grieved, according to their respective Damages sustained by such Cutting, as to the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, shall be adjudged reasonable, the said Recompense and Satisfaction to be made and given by the said Corporation within six Months next after such Award or Decree made; (3) and in Default thereof, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby empowered to rate and tax the said ninety five thousand Acres, and to distrain thereupon for the Payment of such Rate or Tax, and the Distress taken thereupon to sell or dispose as they shall think fit, (rendering the Overplus, if any he, to the Owners) for the Payment and Satisfaction of such Moneys and Damages as shall be so awarded; any Thins; in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLVII. Provided nevertheless, That in case the Judicature hereby established, shall not, within twelve The Barpns of months from the first Day of August next, hear and determine all the Matters by this Act to them referred, the Exchequer concerning the said ninety five t ioufand Acres, all and every such Person and persons whose Complaint snail in powered to be then undetermined, may make their Applications to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, who hear and.r, eter' are hereby established a Court of Judicature, and sufficiently authorised to hear and determine all such Con bet'we^npauks* troyerfies and Differences between the said Parties, in as large and ample Manner to all Intents and purposes as the Judicature hereby established might have done; and such Judgement, Order or Decree of the said Court of Exchequer, shall be in all Things observed, and be effectual as if the said Barons hud been made the only Judicature by this Act.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lessees of the King's Lessees of the Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of the said ten thousand Acres, or of any Part thereof, and the Assigns King, of such Lessees. and every or any of them, shall be capable to be elected and chosen into the Office or Place,

Offices or Places of Governor, bailiff's.and Conservators aforesaid, and to vote in such Elections and Choice, and in all other Matters, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as any other Members of the Corporation, Owners of any Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres, maybe defied and chosen, vote in such Election and Choice, or in any other Matter, so as such Lessees and their Assignees respectively, have and be lc fiees or Owners of double the Quantity or Number of Acres, Parcel of the said ten thousand Acres, as by Virtue of this Act is required to qualify any Person to be defied and chosen into the Office or Place of Governor, Bailiff or Conservator respectively, and to vote in such Elections and Choice, or in any other Matter touching the said Level, and so as such Leases or Alignments they claim by, be entered with the re gifter; anything before in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend to impeach ormake void any Obligation given to David Offlcy, Gent, conditioned for his quiet Enjoyment of a certain Parcel of Land purchased by him in the said Level, but that the said David Offlcy may sue and prosecute his several Action or Actions upon the said Obligation, as if he had been evicted or removed from his Estate therein by due Course of Law.

How Breaches frail be made good.

Proviso for persons that have changed their Lands,

Commons and Wastes in Bedford level in doled.

After the Year 366s. Taxes hall not exceed 2 s. in the Pound.

C 17. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1663.

L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Breaches happen in any of the Banks, Salles, Sluices, Tunnels or other Works within the said Great Level, or in any the Works made without the said Great Level for carrying the Waters of the said Great Le: vel to their Outfal at Set., by Reason of some inevitable Accidents, the same shall! be repaired and made good in convenient Time by and at the Charges of the said Corporation and their Successors; but no other Charge shall be laid upon the said Corporation or their Successors, for or in respect of such Breaches, nor for or in respect of any Breaches that have happened heretofore in any of the said Banks, saftcs, Sluices or other Works; nor shall the said Corporation be enforced to give to any other Person any Recompense for any Loss or Damage which hath 01 shall happen by Reason of their making necessary and sufficient Banks for the Defending of the said Level from being overflown, and for the Leading of the Waters of the said Level in their Chanels as now they run, unto their Outfal at Sea.

LI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any Participant under Francis Earl of Bvlftrd, or the Heirs or Assigns of any such Participant, hath exchanged his or their Share or Lot of the said ninety five thousand Acres, or any Part thereof, for any other Lands, Parcel of the said ninety five thousand Acres, which were claimed and held under such pretended Sales, for Nonpayment of Taxes, since one thousand six hundred forty and nine, It shall and may be lawful to and for such Participant and Participants, and his and their Heirs and Assigns, to enter again upon the same Lands so given in Exchange, and to have and retain the same in his and their Possession, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Subject nevertheless in all Things to such Judgement and Determination as the Judicature hereby constituted. make concerning the same.

LII. Provided always, That no ascertaining or dividing of the said dreined or new improved Lands by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall conclude the King's Majesty, his Heirs, Successors or Assigns, or any other Person or Persons, as to the Bounds of Parishes, to any other Intent or Purpose, than subject ing the same to Taxes and Contributions, and Episcopal Jurisdictions, and not as to the Right of Tithes or any other Purpose whatsoever, nor shall be, or be used in, Evidence concerning the same.

till. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons having a Right of Common in any of the Manors, Wastes, Commons or Lands within the said Great Level of the Pens, called Bedford level, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time after such Division or Enclosure made, or set out as aforesaid, shall break, throw down, disturb, obflrubl or by any Means hinder or lay open the said Improvements and Enclosures, at, in or after the Making thereof, or the Hedges, Ditches or Fences of the same, or any Part thereof shall destroy, and shall be thereof convicted by two credible Witnesses upon Oath before two Justices of the Peace of the County where such disturbance or Deflrublion shall be made: Every such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit for everyr such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds; (2) to be levied by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction Trial 1 be made; the one Moiety to the Informer; and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons against whom the said Offence is or shall] be committed; or for Want of such sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol for three Months without Bail or Mainprize, at the said Justices Discretion.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and eight, no Tax or Taxes exceeding two Shillings the Acre in any one Year, shall be afieffed, laid or levied, upon the said ten thousand Acres by this Act vested in the King's Majesty, his Heirs, Successors and Assigns, or upon any Part thereof, or upon the two thousand Acres hereby vested in the Assigns of the said Earl of Portland, but in case the taxes to be assessed upon the said eighty-three thousand Acres hereby vested in the said Corporation, shall not amount unto so much in Proportion as two Shillings an Acre, according to the Proportion for each Acre; then a proportionable Abatement shall be made out of the said two Shillings per Acre, which shall be charged yearly by an equal Rate upon every Acre of the said ten thousand Acres, and the said two thousand Acres; according to the Rate imposed upon every Acre of the said eighty-three thousand Acres, whether the same shall be assessed by an Acre tax or Pound rate, or by any other Way; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And it is further declared, That the Assessing, Laying and Levying of Taxes upon the said ten thousand Acres, or upon the said two thousand Acres or any Part thereof, after the said first Day of August which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and eight, by the Way of an Acre i axe, shall not extend nor be interpreted or conllrued to extend, to compel or conclude the said Corporation, to assess, lay or levy any Tax or Taxes upon the said eighty-three thousand Acres, hereby vested in the said Corporation, or upon any Part thereof by the Way of an Acre tax.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli secundi Regis.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth of May one thousand six hundred sixty one, Anno 13 Car. 2. and by Prorogation held at jfeftmtnjitr the sixteenth of March 16 Car. 2.'

289

f — 3-

CAP. I.

An Act for the Assembling and Holding of Parliaments once in three Years at the least; for the Repeal of an Act, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Inconveniences happening, by the long intermission of Parliaments.

WHEREAS the Act made in the Parliament begun at Westminster the third Day of November in

the sixteenth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles of blefl ed Memory, in, 1. C t. tituled, An Act for the preventing of Inconveniences happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments, is in Derogation of his Majesty's just Rights and Prerogative inherent to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, for the Calling and assembling of Parliaments, and may be an Occasion of manifold Mischiefs and lacon veniencies, and much endanger the Peace and Safety of his Majesty, and all his Liege People of this Realm: '

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the sail Act, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Inconveniences happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments, and all and every the Articles, Clauses and Things therein contained, is, shall be, and are hereby wholly repealed, annulled, and utterly made void, and are hereby declared to be mill.and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Act had never been had or made; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And because by the ancient Laws and Statutes of this Realm, made in the reign of King Edward the third, Parliaments are to be held very often; 'your majesty's humble and loyal Subjects the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, most humbly do beseech your most: Excellent Majesty, That it may be declared and enacted; And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That hereafter the Sitting and Holding of Parliaments shall not be intermitted or discontinued above three Years at the most; (3) but that within three Yeats from and after the Determination of this present Parliament, and so from Time to Time within three Years after the Determination of any other Parliament or Parliaments, or if there be Occasion more often, your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, do Blue out your Writs for calling, assembling and holding of another Parliament, to the End there may be a frequent Calling, Assembling and Holding of Parliaments once in three Years at the least.

A Repeal of the said Act.

4 Ed. 3. C 14-36 Ed. C 10.

6 W. & M. C 2, 1 Geo. 1. c. 33.

CAP. II.

An act for preventing of Abatements of Writs of Error upon Judgments in the Exchequer:

WHEREAS y a Statute made in the one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Eliza 3 X Eliz. C r. bethj it is enacted, That the not coming of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer, or either of them, at the Day of Adjournment, in any Suit of Error depending by Virtue of the Statute of the one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third therein mentioned, concerning Error made in 31ej. 3. stat.i, the Exchequer, shall not be any Discontinuance of any such Writ of Error; (2) but if both the Chief c.iz,

Justices of either Bench, or any one of the said Great Officers, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Treasurer, Carthew 3SS. shall come to tyre Exchequer chamber, and there be present at the Day of Adjournment in such Suit of Error, it shall be no Discontinuance, but the Suit shall proceed in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if both the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer had comen and been present at the Day and Place of Adjournment: (3) Which Statute doth not provide a Remedy, in Case the said Lord Chancellor and Lord'

Treasurer, or either of them, shall not be present at the Days and Times of the Returns of such Writs of Error, although it be within the same Mischief, Justice being delayed, and the Parties in such Cases being put to begin new Suits, to their great Charges and Prejudice, by Reason of the Absence and not coming of the said Great Officers: '

II. Be it therefore enacted by fhc King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the not coming of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer, or either of them, at the Day of Return of any Writ of Error to be fiued forth by Virtue of the said Statute made in the said one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said King Edward the Third, shall not causa any Abatement or Drfcon

tinuance of any such Writ of Error: (2) But if both the Chief Justices of either Bench, or either of The not coming them, or any one of the said Great Officers, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Treasurer, shall come to the of he ord Exchequer chamber, and there be present at the Day of Return of any such Writ of Error, it shall be no lov^treaforer Abatement or Discontinuance, but the Suit shall proceed in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if both the a^"

Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer had comen and been present at the Day and Place of the Return of such Writ.

III. Provided always, That no Judgement shall be given in any such Suit or Writ of Error, unless both Altered by 20

the Lord Chancellor and the Lord i reasurer shall be present thereat. Car C 4'

/hidfee farther

Ann, C j6, which gives Cojls on quafoittg Writ oj enor,

CAP. III.

An Act for collebling the Duty arising by Hearth Money, by Officers to be appointed by his Majesty. 13 & 14 Car. P,

[Repealed by 2 W. h M. Ses. 1. C lo.j C 10.

ljcar.i, C 13.

290 C 5 — 7

Anno decimo sexto Caroli II

A.D. 1664.

CAP. IV.

EXP. An Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles. 35 El. C 1. declared to be in Force. Further Re

>3 & 14 Car. 2. ntedy against seditious Sectaries. Unlawful Conventicles and Meetings under Pretence of Exercise of Religion, forbidden. The Punishment and Manner of Proceeding against them for the first Offence.

The second Offence. The third Offence. How seditious Seftaries convicted may be transported. How the Offender may be discharged upon Payment of too I. Punishment of Offenders after the third Offence. How the said Penalty of 100l. shall be. disposed. Persons sued for executing this Act, maynlead the General Issue and recover treble Costs. Felony to escape after Conviction, or to return after transportation. Seditious and tumultuous Meetings and Conventicles. The Penalty of suffering Conventicles in private Houses. Gaolers may not let Prisoners committed upon this Act to go at large. The Penalty. Within what Time Offenders must be prosecuted. Married Women, how to be punished. How Justices of the Peace may enter into Houses fuipefted for Conventicles. The Houses of Peers. What Persons may not be committed to the House of Correction. Persons served with Process refusing to take an Oath. The Penalty. How such Persons may be acquitted. Peers offending, how to be proceeded against. Continuance of this Act for three Years, isfe.

CAP. V.

EXP. An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Store's belonging to his majesty's Navy "Royal. Who may punish Disturbances by Seamen and others relating to the Navy office. Imbezilling of Stores and Ammunition. The Continuance of this Act.

[19 Car. 2. C 7.]

CAP. VI.

EXP. An Act to prevent the delivering up of Merchant Ships. English Ships not to be yielded up to Turks or pi a & 23 Car, 2. rates. The Penalty on Matters of Ships. Process out of the Court of Admiralty. Mariners or inferior

tin. Officers declining to fight. The Penalty. Encouragement to Captains and Seamen to defend their Ships.

Ships which shall be taken by the English. The Penalty of wilfully destroying Ships. The Continuance of this Act for three Years, C

CAP. VII.

The Inconvenience of.immo derate' unlawful Use of Gaming. 5 Mod. 35* 33 II 8. C 9. i

f. 9.

Deceit? and

Coufenages in Gaming Vin. V 14 —

4,

See9 Annfe, C 14.

18 Geo. 2. c. 34. The Penalty.

How to be sued for and recovered.

Prevention of excessive and immoderate Oatning*

An Act against deceitful, disorderly, and excessive Gaming.

WHEREAS ail lawful Games and Exercises should not be otherwise used, than as innocent and moderate Recreations, and not as constant Trades or Callings to gain a Living, or make unlawful Advantage thereby; (2) and whereas by the immoderate Use of them, many Mischiefs and inconveni encies do arise, and are daily found, to the maintaining and encouraging of sundry, idle, loose and difor derly Persons in their distionest, lewd and dissolute Course of Life, and to the circumventing, deceiving, C coufening and debauching of many of the younger Sort, both of the Nobility and Gentry, and others, to 1 the Loss of their precious Time, and the utter Ruin of their Estates and Fortunes, and withdrawing them 1 from noble and laudable Employments and Exercises

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons of any Degree or Quality whatsoever, at any Time or Times after the nine and twentieth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and four, dc or shall by any Fraud, Shift, Coufonage, Circumvention, Deceit, or unlawful. Device, or ill 'Practice whatsoever, in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, bowls, Kittles, shovel board; or in or by cock fightings, horse races, dog matches, foot races, or other Pafiimes, Game of Games whatsoever, 'or in or by bearing a Share or part in the Stakes, Wagers, or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do or shall play, aft, ride or run as aforesaid, win, obtain, or acquire to him or themselves, or to any other or others, any Sum 'or Sums of Money, or other valuable Ehing or Things whatsoever; That then every Person and Persons so offending as aforesaid, shall ipso faslo forfeit and lose treble the Sum or Value of Money, or other Thing or Things so won, gained, obtained or acquired; the one Moiety thereof to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety thereof unto the Person or Persons grieved, or who shall lose the Money, or other Thing or Things so gained; so as every such Loser and Person grieved in that Behalf, do or shall prosecute and sue for the same within six calendar Months next after such Play: (3) And in De! of such Prosecution, the same other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall or will prosecute or sue for the same within one Year next after the said six Months expired: (4) And that the said Forfeitures' shall or may be sued for, or recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed: (3) And that all and every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Informer or Informers, shall in every such Suit and Prosecution have and recover his and their treble Costs against the Person offending and forfeiting as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And for the better Avoiding and Preventing of all exceftive and immoderate Playing and Gaming for the Time to come; (2) Be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times after the nine and twentieth Day of September aforesaid play at any of the said Games, or any other Pastime, Game or Games whatsoever (other than with and for ready Money)

C 8.

291

or shall bet on the Sides or Hands of such as do or shall play thereat, and shall lose any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Thing or Things so played for, exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds at any, p tm. -53. one Time or Meeting, upon Ticket or Credit, or otherwise, and shall not pay down the same at the Time 1 Lutw. ilo. when he or they shall so lose the same, the Party and Parties who lofcth or shall lose the said Moneys, or 2 Mod. 54. other Thing or Things so played or to be played for, above the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall not 1 Sa, k 344-in that Calc be bound or compelled or compellable to pay or make good the same; (3) but the Contract 2 and Contracts for the same, and for every Part thereof, and all and singular Judgments, Statutes, Recogni 4 C 4°9' zances, Mortgages, Conveyances, act urances, Bonds, Bills, Specialties, Promifles, Covenants, Agreements and other Acts, Deeds and Securities whatsoever, which shall be obtained, made, given, acknowledged or entered into for Security or Satisfaction of or for the same or any Part thereof, shall be utterly void and of none effect: (4) And that the said Person or Persons so winning the said Moneys, or other Things, shall forfeit and lose treble the Value of all such Sum and Sums of Money, or other Thing or Things, The Penalty, which he shall so win, gain, obtain or acquire, above the said Sum of one hundred Pounds; (;,) the one Moiety thereof to our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety there of to such Person or Persons as shall prosecute or sue for the same within one Year next after the Time of such Offence committed; (6) and to be sued for by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of is C v, 2. C 34. his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be 25g«. 2. <. 36. allowed: (7) And that every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Informer or Informers, shall in every such Suit ami 1°

and Prosecution, have and receive his treble Costs against the Person and Persons offending and forfeiting C*' as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An act for Continuance of a former act for regulating the Press.

EXP.

13 & 14 Car. 2a C 33.

Anno decimo sexto. &. Caroli secundi Regis.

'AT the Sessions of Parliament begun the eighth of May one thousand six hundred sixty one, held at ' r Westminster the twenty-fourth of November 16 Car. 2. And there continued to the twenty first of '^June 17 Car. 2. being the fourth Session of the Parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for granting a Royal Aid unto the King's Majesty, of twenty-four hundred threescore and seventeen thousand and five hundred Pounds, to be raised, levied and paid in the Space of three Years.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

FOR avoiding the manifold Deceits, Exactions and Abuses used in the Measures and Sales of Coals, ' JD and for preventing the like, and the better Regulation thereof for the Time to come (2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the sixth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty four, all Sorts of Coal, commonly called Sea coals, brought into the River of Thames, and sold, shall be sold by the Chaldron, containing thirty-six Bushels heaped up, and according to the Bushel sealed for that Purpose at Guild hall in London, and so for a greater or lesser Quantity; (3) and that all other Sorts of Coals coming from Scotland and other Places, commonly sold by Weight, and not by Measure, shall be sold by Weight after the Proportion of a hundred and twelve Pound to the Hundred, of Avoir dupois Weight, without any Fallacy or Deceit; (4) upon Pain of Forfeiture of all the Coals which shall be otherwise sold or exposed to Sale by any Woodmonger or Retailer of Coals, and the double Value thereof, to be recovered by any Person or Persons that will prosecute for the same in any Court of Record, or by Way of Complaint made unto the Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, and Justices of Peace within the City of London and Liberties thereof, or to any two of them, or to the Justices of Peace of the several and respective Counties and Places where such Coals shall be exposed to Sale, or any of them; who are hereby im powered and required to call the Parties before them, and to hear and examine such Complaint upon Oath, which by Virtue of this Act is to be administered by them, or any two of them; and upon due Proof thereof made to their Satisfaction, to convict the Offenders, and to give Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying the Forfeitures accordingly; (5) the one Half thereof to be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons so prosecuting or complaining; and the other Half to and for the Use of the Poor, or repairing of the Highways within the same Parish, or any other adjoining Parish or Parishes, to be appointed and apportioned by the Direction of the said Lord Mayor and Justices, by such their Warrant as aforesaid: (6) And the said Lord Mayor of London, and the Court of Aldermen for the Time being, and the Justices of Peace of the several Counties respectively, or any three or more of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum, are hereby empowered to set the Rates and Prices of all such Coals as shall be sold by Retail, as they from Time to Time shall judge reasonable, allowing a competent Profit to the said Retailer, beyond the Price paid by him to the Importer, and the ordinary Charges thereupon accrcwing.

' It is the second of March 17 Car. z. In the former Editions

9 II $. flat. 7, C io

Deceits and Exaction? in feiiing of Coals.

Sea coal Measure,

Coals from Scotland.

Who may set Rates upor coat in London.

IE And

292 C 3 — 5. Anno decimo sexto & septimo Caroli II. A.D. 1664.

ngroflers or Retaileis refilling to sell at the said Rates,

The Continuance of this A,

Persons sued upon this Act may plead the General Issue,

Who may not act in setting Rates upon Coals.

EXP. Raym, 417.

II. And that if any Ingrosser or Retailer of such Coals shall refuse to sell as aforesaid, that then the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and justices of Peace respectively, are hereby authorised to appoint and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Persons as they shall think fit, to enter into any Wharf, or other Place where such Coals are stored up; (2) and in Case of Refusal, taking a Constable to force Entrance, and the said Coals to sell, or cause to be sold, at such Rates as the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen and justices respectively shall judge reasonable, rendering to such ingrofter or Retailer the Money for which the said Coals shall be so sold, necessary Charges being deducted.

III. Provided, That this Act shall continue for three Years next ensuing, and thenceforth to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

IV. Provided also, That no Person or Persons that shall be sued by Virtue of this Act for not observing thereof, shall be sued upon any other Act or Law now in Force for the same Offence: (2) And if any Action shall be commenced against any Justice of Peace, Constable, or other Officer or Person for anything done by Colour of this Act, the Defendant in every such Action may plead the General issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; (3) and if the Verdict be found for him, or if the Plaintiff become nonsuited, shall recover and have his Damages and double Costs of Suit for his unjust Vexation in that Behalf.

V. Provided always, That no Person having any Interest in any Wharf used for the receiving or uttering

of Coals, or that doth or shall trade by himself or others, in his own or any other Name, in the Sale of any Coals, or the engrossing the same, in order to sell the same, and not for his own private Use only, shall actor otherwise intermeddle in the setting the Price of Coals; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. [Made perpetual by 7 & 8 W. 3. cap. 36. §. 2.] Farther Provisions relating hereto, 30 Car. 2. C 8. 6 ttf 7 TV. 3. ir. 10 & 18.9it? 10 TV. 3. C 13. 10 sf 11 TV. 3. C 21. 8 Ami.

C 4.9 Ann. C 6, 23 28. j2 Ann. stat. 2. C9 & 17.; Geo. 1. c. 9. 8\j Geo. 1. C 14. 3 Gw. 2. C 16.

Geo. 2. c. 30. 19 Geo. 2. c. 35. and 33 Geo. 2. C

10 Geo. 2. c. 22 Geo. 2. O

32-c- 37-

11 Geo. 2. c. 15. 13 Geo. 2. c. 21.

23 Geo. 2. C z6. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19.

CAP. III.

14 Geo. 2. c. 41. 31 Geo. 2. c. 15.

17 Geo. 3. Geo.

2.

C 35* C 27.

An Act for the Returning of able and sufficient Jurors. Jurors for Trials of Issues shall have 20l. per Annum Freehold. Issues of Jurors upon Default. Penalty upon the Sheriff, ts'e. How the Sheriff shall find out Persons fit to be returned for Jurymen. What Time Summons ought to be before Appearance. Nothing may be taken to excuse Appearance. The Penalty. County Palatine of Lancaster. The Continuance of this Act for three Years, lac.

Powers given to Farmers of ex eife.

Burn, V i, 329.

CAP. IV.

An Additional Act for the better Ordering and Collecting the Duty of Excise.

' OR the better Ordering and Collecting the Duty of Excise, Be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this pryent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the eighth Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and five, all Farmers of Excise, or any of them, within the several Circuits and Divisions of their respective Farms, shall and are enabled hereby to exercise and put in Execution all such Powers, and Authorities which the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise are enabled to do and execute by the several Acts ard Statutes of Excise, for the Levying, Raising, Receiving and Managing of the said Revenue of Excise; the judicial Part of hearing and determining all Breaches and Offences against the Laws of Excise, and of imposing, mitigating or compounding of Fines or Penalties.

1 IV & M. stat. 1. C 2.4.. 4. IV & M. C 3. 5 IV M. C 20. 7 IV 3. C 30. 8 IV 3. C 19. 10 2. C 3. 4 Ann. C 6. 8 Ann. C 7. 10 Ann. C 19. 32 Ann. stat. 2. C 9. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. is C 16. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. a. C 9. and 1 Geo. 3. c. 7.

12 Car. 2. C 24 35 Car. 2. C 11 and cap. 12.

Farther Ft ovi jtons concerning Excise, 22 & 23 Car. IV 3. C 21.

Geo. i. C 30,

5

3 2 IV 3. C II £? 12. I Ann. Jla'. 12 Geo. 1. r. 28. 1 Geo. 2. flat. 2

CAP. V.

An act to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments and Recognizances.

Security by Sta ' WHEREAS the Security by Statute merchant and of the Staple is now become of little Use and tute merchant ' y, Benefit by the Fraud of the Conufors thereof in sundry cases, who, to prevent the Payment of, 1 ie Sta" ' their Debts, secretly assign small Parts of their Lands to several and unknown Persons: And it having

' been used, that if the Creditor take Execution on such Statute, yet if the Lands of any one or more Peri son or Persons to whom such Alienation was made, and liable to such Execution, be omitted out of such Executions a ' Extent; the same Execution hath been avoided by Audita Querela, and the Party extending lost his Costs, voided by Au ' and was delayed of his just Debt; and so again upon any new Extent toties qttoties; (3) and if anyone 1 diu Querela. < year or Parcel of Land happened to defeend to an Infant, the whole Execution was deferred till full Age ' of fvchlnrant; and if afterwards other Part of the Lands or Tenements liable to such Debt defeended to another Infant, then also a farther Delay happened during that Infancy also For cybat Causes H. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of Extents upon the lore]s Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by au statutetihalf thority of the same, That when any Judgement, Statute or Recognisance shall be extended, the same shall not be avoided not be avoided or delayed by Occasion that any Pait of the Lands or Tenements extendible are or shall be or delayed. 4 Omitted

omitted out of such Extent; (2) saving always to the Party and Parties whose Lands shall he extended, his and their Heir, Executors and Assigns, his and their Remedy for Contribution against such Person and Persons, whose Lands are or shall be omitted out of such Extent from Time to Time.

III. Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained shall not be construed to give any Extent or Contribution against ar.y Heir within the Age of one and twenty Years, during such Minority of such Heir, for or in Respect of any Lands to such Heir defeended, farther or otherwise than might have been before the making of this Act.

IV. Provided that this Adit extend only to such Statutes as are or shall be for Payment of Moneys; and to such Extent as shall be within twenty Years after the Statute, Recognisance or Judgement had and obtained.

V. Provided that this Act shall continue for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 22 & 23 Car. 2. cap. 2.]

29

CAP. VI.

An Act

Proviso for Heirs within Age.

To what Statutes and Extents only this Act shall extend.

thecontrnu j ance of this Act 3 Rep. 12.

2 Vent. 104.

2 Inst. 396.

13 & 14 Car. C 14.

i 14 Car. 2# 33*

for repealing of Part of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act dire fling the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize goods. Directions for Recovery of Prize goods not accounted for. The former Act repealed as to all Admirals, Officers, Mariners and Soldiers at Sea. The said Act not repealed as to any Collectors, Treasurers, dsv, of such Prize goods.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for Continuance of a former Act for Regulating the Press. EXP,

CAP. VIII.

An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgement, and superseding Executions.

WHEREAS great Delay, Trouble and Vexation hath been and still is occasionedto the People of This Act «- this Realm, as well by Arresting and Reversing of Judgments, as by staying Executions by Writs tended to wntj of Error and Supersedeas(2) For Remedy thereof, Be' it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present J f Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Verdict of twelve Men shall be given in any Action, Suit, Bill or Demand, to be commenced from and after the five and twentieth Day of In what Court March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and five, in any of his Maand cffes jesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, orin the Courts of Record in the Counties Palatine of che/ler, oath Lancaster or Durham, or in his Majesty's Courts of the Great Sessions in any of the twelve Shires of Wales; ftajed for De judgement thereupon shall not be stayed or reversed, for Default in Form or Lack of Form; (3) or by Rea fault of Form in ion that there are not Pledges, or but one Pledge to prosecute, returned upon the original Writ; (4) or piling, because the Name of the Sheriff is not returned upon such Original Writ; (5) or for Default of entering 1 Mod. 198. Pledges upon any Bill or Declaration; (6) or for Default of Alleging the Bringing into Court of any 1 Salk 37; S Bond, Bill, Indenture, or other Deed whatsoever mentioned in the Declaration; or other Pleading; (7) or for Default of Allegation of the bringing into Court of Letters Teflamentary or Letters of Administra mod. Cases in tion; (8) or by Reason of the Omission of VI id Armis, or Contrapacem; (9) or for or by Reason of the Law 153/356. Mistaking of the Christian Name or Surname of the Plaintiff or Defendant, Demandant or Tenant, Sum or Sums of Money, Day, Month or Year, by the Clerk, in any Bill, Declaration or Pleading, where the right Name, Surname, Sum, Day, Month or Year, in any Writ, Plaint, Roll or Record preceding, of in the same Roll or Record where the Mistake is committed, is or are once truly and rightly alleged, where unto the Plaintiff might have demurred and shown the same for Cause; (10) nor for Want of the Averment of Hoc poratus efi verificare; (n) or for Vice paratus cji verificare per Recordum; (12) or for not alleging Prout patet per Recordum; (13) or for that there is no right Venue, fa as the Cause were tried by a Jury of the proper County or Place where the Action is laid; (14) nor any Judgement after Verdict, con session by Cognovit Actionem, or Relict a verifications, shall be reversed for Want of Misericordia or Capiatur;

(k) or by Reason that a Capiatur is entered for a Misericordia, or a Misericordia is entered where a Capiatur

ought to have been entered; (i6j nor for. that Idea conceffum ef per Curiam is entered for Idea consideratum.ejl

per Curiam; (17) nor for that the Increase of Costs after a Verdict in any action; i or upon a Nonsuit in

Replevin, are not entered to be at the Request of the Party for whom the Judgement is given; (18) nor by Farther Provi

Reason that the Costs in any Judgement whatsoever are not entered to be by Consent of the Plaintiff; (19) sins this

but that all such Omissions, Variances, Defects, and all other Matters of like Nature, not being against the Right of the Matter of the Suit, nor whereby the Issue or Trial are altered, shall be amended by the t cco.^c.ivl

Justices or other Judges of the Courts where such Judgments are or shall be given, or whereunto the Re

is or shall be removed by Writ of Error.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, this Actor anything Proviso for Ap

therein contained, shall not extend to any v/lit. Declaration or Suit of Appeal of Felony dr Murder, nor Pea, s' ind to any Indictment or Presentment of Felony, Murder, Treason or other Matter, nor to any Process upon nts' al" s any of them; (2) nor to any Writ, Bill, Action or Information upon any Penal Statute, other than con ofhe/than for31' cerning Customs and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage; anything in this Act contained to the edn customs and trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from, and after the twentieth Day. of In what Cases March An the Year of our i: ord one thousand six hundred sixty and vfour, aio Execution shall be stayed in Execution shall any of the aforesaid Courts by Writ of Error or Supersedeas thereupon, after Verdict and Judgement there writo/enor" 1,

upon, r r'

but upon Re upon, in any Action Personal whatsoever, unless a Recognisance with Condition according to the Statute cognizance en n)acje in the third Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King James, shall be first acknov.'ledged in yfjrnv ^ourt where such Judgement shall be given: (2) And further, That in Writs of Error to be brought C'jithsw tii'. upon any Judgement after Verdict in any Writ of Dower, or in any Action of Ejections firmee, no Execution shall be thereupon or thereby Rayed, unless the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Writ of Error shall be 3 Lev. 175. bound unto the Plaintiff in such Writ of Dower, or action of Ejedtiane Jirma, in such reasonable Sum as the Court to which such Writ of Error shall be directed shall think fit, with Condition, That if the Judgement shall be affirmed in the said Writ of Error, or that the said Writ of Error be discontinued in Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or that the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs benonfuitin such Writs of Error, That then the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay such Coffs, Damages, and Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be awarded upon or after such Judgement affirmed, Discontinuance or Nonsuit had.

Provisotouching

IV. And to the End that the same Sum and Sums and Damages may be ascertained, It is further enacted, Judgement m That the Court wherein such Execution ought to be granted upon such Affirmation, Discontinuance or katone^firnfee Nonsuit, shall issue a Writ to inquire as well of the mean Profits as of the Damages by any Waste com jcl n unte. after tie Judgement; n Dower or in Ejefiione firmee; and upon the Return thereof, Judgement

shall be given, and Execution awarded for such mesne Profits and Damages, and also for Coffs of Suit. Towhat Aliens V. Provided, That this at, nor anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Writ of Error the Act shall to [je brought by any Executor or Administrator; (z) nor unto any Action popular, nor unto any other Action which is or hereafter shall be brought upon any Penal Law or Statute (except Actions of Debt for not setting forth of Tithes); (3) nor to any Indictment, Presentment, Inquisition, Information or Appeal; anything herein before expressed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

thecontinu

VI. Provided always, That this Act shall continue in Force for three Years, and to the End of the next ance of this Act. Session of Parliament after the Expiration of the said three Years, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 4.]

CAP. IX.

An Act to empower the Chancellor of the Duchy to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits

within the Duchy Liberties.

path. T? O R the greater Ease and Benefit of the Inhabitants within the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other

JP Places within several other Counties of this Kingdom within the Survey of the Court of Duchy chamber at Westminster, in the taking of Affidavits in the Country, to be made Use of, and read in Causes depending and to be depending within the said Court; (2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being, shall and may by one or more Commission or Commissions from Time to Time, as need shall require, empower what and as many Persons as he shall think fit and necessary within the said County Palatine and other Duchy Liberties, to take and receive all and every such Affidavit or Affidavits as any Person or Persons shall be willing and desirous to make before any of the Persons so empowered, in or concerning any Cause, Matter or Thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, in thetaid Court of Duchy chamber, as Mailers of Chancery in extraordinary do use to do; (3) which said Affidavits shall be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Court of the Duchy, and then be read and made use of in the said Court to all Intents and Purposes, as other Affidavits taken in the said Court now are.

II. Provided, That for the taking of every such Affidavit, the Person or Persons so empowered and taking the same, shall for so doing receive only the Sum or See of twelve Pence, and no more.

CAP. X

P R. An act for Continuance of a former Act for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford. The

15 carie, 1. Toll taken at jvades m'til continued. Continued from November 1722. for 15 Years, by 6 Geo. 1. c. 20.

For repairing the Highway from Puckeridge to Barley, Caxton, Arrington bridge. A Charge of sixpence

in the Pound for repairing the said Highways. The Collector of the Toll, how to account weekly. Proviso touching the Continuance or Determining the said Toll. Proviso for Adjudication of the amend ment of the said Highways. Plough the said sixpence in the Pound shall be paid and levied. Repealed as to the County of Hertford, by 6 Geo. 2. c. 24.

CAP. " XI

PR, An Act for Draining of the Fen called Deeping fen, and other Fens therein mentioned. Deeping, Pinch 1

25 Car, 2. C 17.. be eh, tlurlby, Bourn and Cray land Fens. A third Part assigned and fer out to 'thomas Lovell. A certain

*38. Act and Decrees made for the said Thomas Lovell, repealed. Trustees and Undertakers made for Draining

the said Fens. Glean and Welland Rivers. Sufficient Gates and Bridges to be made. The Powers of the said Trustees and Undertakers. Glean, Welland, Wftlode. What shall be done in Case of Gooles or Breaches, or Overflowings. Dozens, hawthorn bank, east bank. Satisfaction for Damage to particular Persons, bow to be made. Power to pull up Bridges, Dreins, C The said Bridges, 'Funnels, tdc. how to be. repaired. Spalding Bridge. Preservation of the Banks. Proviso for Owners and Commoners. Horsemen and Cattle landing upon the Banks. Swine, not to be put on the Fens. Poor Inhabitants, to be maintained by thetruilees. Water shall not be let out of the Rivers of Glean and Welland. The Drain from' bo/lon bank to Winfovtr. The Proportion ellated upon the Trustees II [ j:. ri.,

C 12

A.D. 1664. Anno decimo sexto & Caroli II

295

and Undertakers. The Trustees shall fence and enclose the third Part, C The Penalty upon neglect to drain the Paid Fens within seven Years, and so after to keep and maintain them. South dozens and Hawthorne bank. How Meetings and Bylaws may be made for Management of the Dreining. Ey whom Rates and Taxes may be made for the said Work. How the same may be levied. How Owners and Commoners may improve and enclose their Shares. Who may determine of Boundaries, Improvements and Enclosures. Appeals in Cases of Adjudication. The Oath to be taken by Commissioners.

The Places of Commissioners Sitting. Their Power and Manner of Proceeding.

CAP. XII.

An Act for making the River Avon Navigable from Chriji church to the City of New Sarum. Commis P R, iioners to be appointed for making the River Avon Navigable. Satisfaction to Parties endamaged in any of their Lands. Commissioners for Compounding with Persons so damnified. The Power of the said Commissioners. How Commissioners dying or renouncing, may be supplied. The Powers to make Orders and Constitutions. To impose Penalties upon the Breakers. Persons grieved may appeal to the Justices of Assize. The Undertakers to have the Taxes upon Carts, Carriages, £sy. Penalties, and how to recover the same. Drawing and Haling of Barges, lac. upon the Banks, provided for. No Wharf to be within New Sarum. The River, Havens, C to be under the Survey of the Undertakers and Commissioners. Persons sued for acting upon this Act, may plead the General Blue. jvilcy River.

Anno decimo septimo Caroli secundi Regis.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth of May one thousand six Hundred sixty one, and Said in the for by diverse Prorogations continued fill the thirty first of October 17 Car. 2.' mer to

1'beheld at Ox

CAP. I.

ford, 9U 1665.

An act for granting the Sum of twelve hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to the King's Majesty, for his present further Supply. EXP. 19 Car. 2. C 9.

CAP. II.

An Act for restraining Nonconformists from Inhabiting in Corporations.

WHEREAS diverse 'Parsons, Vicars, Curates, Lecturers and other Persons in Holy Orders, have'W not declared their unfeigned Assent and consent to the Use of all Things contained and pre feribed in the Book of Common Prayer, and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and ce

remonies of the church, according to the Use of the church of England, or have not subscribed the De ' claratio'n or Acknowledgment contained in a certain at of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and intituled, anactfor theuniformityofpublickprayersandadmraijlration ofsacra 13 14 Car, o, \

' nients and other Rites and Ceremonies., and for the Establishing the Eorm of Making, Ordaining and Confer C 4'

' crating of Bishops, Priests and Deacons in the Church of England, according to the said al or any other subsequent af. And whereas they or some of them, and diverse other Person and Persons not Ordained according to the Form of the Church of England, and as have since the Act of Oblivion taken upon

them to Preach in unlawful Assemblies, Conventicles or Meetings, under Colour or Pretence of Exercise of Religion, contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this kingdom, have settled themselves in diverse Cor

in England, sometimes three or more of them in a Place, thereby taking an Opportunity to Di

the poisonous Principles Of Schism and Rebellion into the Hearts of his Majesty's Subjects, to the great Danger of the Church and Kingdom

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent persons reflriun'*' of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the ed frominha i Authority of the same, That the said Parsons, Vicars, Curates, Lecturers and other Persons in Holy Orbiting in Carders, or pretended Holy Orders, or pretending to Holy Orders and all Stipendaries and other Persons who pomionsi have been' possessed of any Ecclesiastical or Spiritual Promotion, and every of them, who have not declared

their unfeigned Assent and Consent as aforesaid, and subscribed the Declaration aforesaid, and shall not take and subscribe the Oath following 3

' (2} T A.B. do Swear, That it is not lawful upon any Pretence whatsoever, to take Arms against the The Oath.

' JL King; and that I do abhor that traitorous Position of taking Arms by his Authority, against. his Rep. Geo. t,

1 Person, or against those that are Commissionated by him, in Pursuance of such Commissions; and that C 6.

' I will not at any Time endeavour.any Alteration of Government, either in Church or State

III. And all such Person and Persons as shall take upon them to Preach in any unlawful Assembly, Conventicle or Meeting, under Colour or Pretence of any Exercise of Religion, contrary to the Laws, and Statutes of this kingdom; (2) shall not at any Time from and after the four and twentieth. Day of Marsh which shall be in this present Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and five, unless only in Passing upon the Road, come or be within five Miles of any City or Town Corporate, or Borough that

fenda

296 C 3,

Anno decimo septimo Caroli II. A.D. 166c.

I Vtnt. 63. 328,

Altered by 1 W. & M. Self. i. C 18. §. 8.

The'penalty.

«&3ed. 6. C 1. 4 &6ed. 6. C 1. 1 Eliz. C 2.

13 & 14 Car. 2, C 4.

Farther Provi Jiotts relating hereto, -1 fti & M. fiat. 1. C j8. anil 23 Geo. 2.

C zs.

g H. 8. C 2r.

Farther provided for. by Sc 5 WM. C 12.

souls Burgesses to the Parliament, within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Principality of Wales orol the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; (3) or within five Miles of any Parish, Town or Place, wherein he or they have since the Abi: of Oblivion been Parson, Vicar, Curate, Stipendary or Lecturer, or taken upon them to preach in any unlawful Assembly, Conventicle or Meeting, under Colour or Pretence of any Exercise of Religion, contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom; (4) before he or they have token and subscribed the Oath aforesaid, before the Justices of the Peace at tb: ir Quarter sessions to be held for the County, Riding or Division next unto the said Corporation, City or Borough, Parish, Place or Town, in open Court, (which said Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered there to adtr.inifter; (5) upon Forfeiture for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds of lawful english.(money; the one third Part thereof to his Majesty and his Succeil ors; the other third Part to the Use of the poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; and the other third Part thereof to such Person or Persons as shall or will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Plaint, Bill or Information, in any Court of Record at Westminster, or before any Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer or gaol delivery, or before any Justices of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, or the Justices' of the Great sessions in Wales, or before any Justices of Peace in their Quarter sessions, wherein no Essoin, Protebfion or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not he lawful for any Person or Persons restrained from coming to any City, Town Corporate, Borough, Parish, Town or Place, as aforesaid, or for any other Person or Persons as shall not first take and.subscribe the said Oath, and as shall not frequent Divine Service established by the Laws of this Kingdom, and carry him or herself reverently, decently and orderly there, to teach any public or private School, or take any Boarders or Tablers that are taught or instructed by him or herself, or any other; upon Pain for every such Offence to forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered and distributed, as aforesaid

Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the respective County, upon Oath to them of any Offence against this Act, which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer, to commit the Offender for six Months without Bail or Mainprize, unless upon or before such Commitment, he shall before the said Justices of the Peace., swear and subscribe the aforesaid Oath and Declaration.

VI. Provided always, That if any Person intended to be restrained by Virtue of this Act, shall without

Fraud or Covin be served with any Writ, Subpoena, Warrant, or other Process, whereby his personal Appearance is required, his Obedience to such Writ, Subpoena or Process, shall not be construed an Offence against this Act. '

CAP. Ill.

An Act for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate.

*ttorasmuch as the settled Provision for Ministers in most Cities and Towns Corporate within this Realmi C JO is not sufficient for the Maintenance of able Ministers fit for such Place?, whereby mean and ftipen dary Preachers are entertained, to serve the Cures there; who wholly depending for their Maintenance upon the goodwill and Liking of their Auditors, have been and are thereby under Temptation of too

much complying and suiting their Dobtrine and Teaching to the Humour rather than Good of their au ditors, which hath been a great Occasion of Fablion and Schism, and of the Contempt of the Ministry: ' (2) The Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, being deeply sensible of the ill Consequence '* thereof, and piously desiring able Ministers in such Places, and a competent settled Maintenance for them by the Union of Churches; which is also become necessary, by Reason of the great Ruin of many Churches and Parishes in the late ill Times, and otherwise; 'therefore most humbly beseech your

In what Cities and Towns, and how, Churches and Chapels may; be united.

Trin v.z\. 594,

(3)' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in

Mod. Cases in Law 5, 6.

most excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted; jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the this.pi eibn"t Parliament assembled, a'ti'd 'by the Authority of the same, That in every City or Town Corporate and their Liberties wichin the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, which have a Mayor and Aldermen, and particular Justices of the Peace by Charter or Commission, or Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer or Officers, and other Assistants, by like Charter; and where two or more Churches or Chapels, or a Church and a Chapel, and the Parishes thereunto belonging, do lie within the said Corporation or Liberties thereof, convenient to be united.:. In such Cases the Bishop of the Diocese where such Parish and Parishes are, with the Consent of she Mayor, Aldermen and Justices of the Peace, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer or Officer's, or the major Part of them, and of the Patron or Patrons of such Church or Churches, Chapel or.chapels, shall or may according to due Form of Law unite the said Churches dr Chapels, or Church and Chapel, 'or any of them; (4) and shall appoint at which Church or Chapel, Churches or Chapels, the said Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parishes or Places, to which the said Churches or Chapels or Chupch and Chapel do belong, shall usually meet for the Worship of God, and which of the said churches or Chapels or Church or Chap'd shall be united and annexed unto the other, which shall be the Church p.ci'entatlye, 1 un.td which all Presentations shall thereafter be only made, and unto which the Parishioners shall resort' as their proper Church; (5) and after such Order made, the said Churches or Chapels or Church and Chapel shall accordingly for ever stand united: And the Parishioners', Landholders and Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Places belonging to such Churches or Chapels or Church and Chapel set united and annexed, shall as they or any of them become void, and from thenceforward, pay all such Tithes and other Duties as belong or did belong to the Incumbent of any of the find Churches or Chapels or Church and Chapel so united and annexed, unto the Incumbent of the said Preftn

tative

1

A.D. 1665. Anno decimo septimo Caroli II.

C 4 — 6. 297

tadvc Church or Chapel, unto which the said other Churches or Chapels or Church or Chapel shall be so united and annexed.

II. And it is hereby also enacted, That notwithstanding any such Union to be made by Virtue hereof, eath of the Parishes so united hall continue distinct, as to all Rates, Taxes, Parochial Rites, Charges and Duties, and all other Privileges, Liberties and Respects whatsoever, other than what is herein before mentioned and specified; churchwardens shall be elected and appointed for each Parish, as they were before such Union made.

III. And it is further enacted and provided, That where one or more of the said Churches or Chapels or Church and Chapel so united and annexed, hall be full at the Time of Making such Union, That then the said Union hall take Efteft for every such Church or Chapel, upon the first Avoidance after such Union made: (2) And that the several Patrons of the said Churches and Chapels so united, shall and may present by Turns to that Church only which hall remain and be presentative, from Time to Time, in such Order, as the said Bishop, with the Consent of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Justices of Peace, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer or Officers within such Parishes, or the major Part of them, and of the Patron or Patrons of such Church or Churches, Chapel or Chapels, shall determine and decree, for the Preservation of their respective Rights therein, Respect being therein had to the Difference of the Values of the yearly Maintenance belonging to such Churches or Chapels or any of them; (3) laving unto the ring's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all the Tenths and first fruits of all such Churches and Chapels so to be united, according to the Rates and Valuations at which the said Churches and Chapels are rated, and valued in the Office of first fruits and Tenths, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and also reserving all Procurations and Pensions to all Persons to whom they are now and have been formerly, or shall be hereafter, due and payable; anything herein contained notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That no Union of Parishes or Places to be made by Virtue of this Act shall commence or be effectual in Ltfw, until it be registered in the Register book of the Bishop of the Diocese, which the Register is hereby required to do.

V. Provided always, That no Union made by Virtue hereof, shall be good and effectual, where the settled Maintenance belonging to the Parsons, Vicars and Incumbents of the Church or Chapel or Churches or Chapels so united, shall exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds per Annum clear and above all Charges and Reprises; the respective Parishioners, or the major Part of them, under their Hands desire otherwise.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Minister settled as aforesaid the Incumbent of any Church or Chapel, or Churches and Chapels united according to this Act, shall be the full and lawful Incumbent thereof to all Intents and Purposes, so as such Minister be a Graduate in one of the universities of this Kingdom.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of any Impropriation, Tithes or Portion of Tithes, in any Parish or Chapelry within the Kingdom of England or Dominion of Wales, is, are and shall be, by Virtue of this Act, inabled and im powered to give or bestow, unite and annex the same, or any Part thereof, unto the Parsonage or Vicarage of the said Parish church or Chapel where the same do lie or arise, or settle the same in Trust for the Benefit of the said Parsonage or Vicarage, or of the Curate and Curates there successively, where the Parsonage is impropriate and no Vicar indowed, according to his or their respective Estates, without any Licence of Mortmain; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the settled Maintenance of such Parsonages, Vicarages, Churches and Chapels so united, or of any other Parsonage or Vicarage with Cure, in the Kingdom of England or Dominion of Wales, hall not amount to the full Sum of one hundred Pounds per Annum clear and above all Charges and Reprises; That then it shall be lawful for the Parson, Vicar and Incumbent of the same, and his Successors, to take, receive and purchase to him and his Successors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes or other Hereditaments, without any Licence of Mortmain; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Parities shall remain distintt notwithstanding such Union of Churchcr, Carthcvv 233. How and when such uniting shall take Eftfclt. And hrw several Patrons shall present. a

Dr. and Stud, 116. b.

How Unions mu ft: be registered.

Parishes having icol. Maintenance may not be united.

Incumbents of such united Parishes must be Graduates of the University. Owners of Impropriations may bestow and an ncxmaintenancfi to the Churches where they lie, without Licence of Mortmain.

Parsons and Vicars not having settled Means of 1001. per Annum, may purchase and annex Lands or Rents without Licence of Mortmain.

CAP. IV.

An Act for Continuance of a former Act for Regulating the Press.

See Appendix.

CAP. V.

An Act for attainting Thomas Dole menu Joseph Bampfield and Thomas Scot of High Treason, if they render

not themselves by a Day.

CAP. VI.

An Act for taking away of Damage Cleer.

WHEREAS the Moneys which are taken by Prothoiiotaries of your majesty's Courts of King's Sees,

W Bench and Common Pleas, and by the Clerk of your majesty's Court of Exchequer at tvcjlmin 1 Jler, and the Prothonotary of your majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, and the prothono taries and Clerks of other your majesty's Courts within the Realm of England and Dominion of Wales,

in the Name of Damna Glericorum, or Damage Cleer b, are an Unnecessary Charge and Burden to all Oamna Cleric

b Thi I leas originally a Gratuity given to the Prethonotaries and their Clerks, for draining [fecial Writs and Pleadings.

VOL. III q^q

your

C 7. Anno decimo septimo Caroli II. A.D. 1665.

' your majesty's Subjects who have good Cause, and are put to sue for Damages in Actions where Damages are recoverable: '

II. For the avoiding of which Inconveniences for the future, and that your majesty's Subjects may have an easier Means for the Recovery of their Damages and just Rights which are unjustly detained from them: May itpleafe your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and the King's most Excellent Majesty, being willing upon all Occasions to ease his Subjects of all unnecessary Charges and Burdens, is graciously pleased. That it be enabled; (2) And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affern jjialldetermine, bled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the twenty-ninth Day of sep and not be taken ember, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy two, no Damage Clecr Days Severn y any T'de or Precept whatsoever be due, payable, taken or received from any Person or Persons in

ber 1672'. C any Action whatsoever, sued or prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or elsewhere within the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of Wales, by any Prothonotary, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers of the said Courts respectively: (3) And that from and after the Day and Year aforesaid, the said See of Damna Clericorum, or Damage Cleer, shall wholly cease and be for ever abolished in the said Courts; (4) and that if any prolhonotary Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer in any of the said Courts, shall take or exabl any Sum or Sums of Money in the Name of Damna Clericorum, or Damage Cleer, or anything in Lieu thereof, after the Day and Year abovementioned; or if any of the said Prothonotnries, Clerk or Clerks, or their Deputies, at any Time before the said twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year aforesaid, shall exabl or take any Damage Clecr, or Sum of Money, Bond or Security in Lieu thereof, from any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Demandant or Demandants, in any Action where Damages have been or hereafter shall be recovered in any of the said Courts; (6) or shall refuse or delay to sign any Judgement until Damage Cleer be first paid by the Plaintiff or Demandant (which are not to be paid, unless forth, of the Moneys levied from; or paid by the Defendants, as is herein after provided and The Penalty, mentioned); (7) he or they so offending shall forfeit treble the Sum so taken, exabled or demanded, to the Party or Parties grieved, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the said Courts, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

In what Cases III. Prov ided, and be it further enacted, That until the nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall only they may be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred seventy and two, and no longer, the Damage be taken until Cleer shall be paid, answered and allowed, out of such Sum and Sums of Money only, as shall be actually S V b ° 6 levied, or otherwise paid by or from the Defendants, and only for the Proportion of the Sum and Sums of ep cm en, z. j^oney wj1ich shall be so levied or otherwise paid as aforesaid, and no more, or otherwise.

CAP. VII.

An Act for a more speedy and effectual Proceeding upon Distresses and Avowries for Rents.

32 II 8. C 37. C Y7 Forasmuch as the ordinary Remedy for Arrearages of Rents, is by Distress upon the Lands chargeable ' IT therewith; and yet nevertheless by Reason of the intricate and dilatory Proceedings upon Replevins,

' that Remedy is become ineffectual: '

Plaintiff In F, e. II For Remedy thereof, It is enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Assent plevin being of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by autho nbnfuit.before rjty of the same. That whensoever. any Plaintiff" in Replevin shall be nonsuit before Issue joined, in any 1 lue joined, gut Of Replevin by Plaint or Writ lawfully returned, removed or depending, in any of the King's Courts howthedefcn at Westminster, That the Defendant making a Suggestion in Nature of an Avowry or Cognizance for such Jiut may avow. Rent, to ascertain the Court of the Cause of Distress, the Court upon his Prayer shall award a Writ to the Sheriff of the County where the Distress was takers, to inquire by the Oaths of twelve good and lawful Men of his Bailiwick, touching the Sum in Arrear at the Time of such Distress taken and the Value of the Goods or Cattle distrained: And thereupon Notice of fifteen Days shall be given to the Plaintiff or his Attorney in Court of the Sitting of such Inquiry; (3) and thereupon the Sheriff shall inquire of of the Truth of the Matters contained in such Writ, by the Caths of twelve good and lawful Men of his County: (4) And upon the Return of such Inquisition, the Defendant shall have Judgement to recover aga.nft the Plaintiff the Arrearages of such Rent, in case the Goods or Cattle distrained shall amount unto that Value: (7) And in case they shall not amount so that Value, then so much as the Value of the said The Plaintiff Goods and Cattle so distrained shall amount unto, together with his full Coils of Suit; (6) and shall have donfi.it a fur Execution thereupon by Fieri facias or E legit, or otherwise as the Law shall require. (7) And in case such

Avowiy made, Plaintiff shall be nonsuit after Cognizance or Avowry made, and Issue joined, or if the Verdibl shall be given against such Plaintiff; then the Jurors that are impanelled or returned to inquire of such Issue, shall at the Prayer of the Defendant inquire concerning the Sum of the Arrears, and the Value of the Goods or

\ Cattle distrained: and thereupon the Avowant, or he that makes Cognizance, shall have Judgement for

such Arrearages, or so much thereof as the Goods or Cattle distrained amount unto, together with his full Coils, and shall have Execution for the same by Fieri facias or Elegit, or otherwise, as the Law shall require.

Judgement upon

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Judgement in any of the Courts afore demurrer for the be given upon Demurrer for the Avowant, or him that maketh Cognizance for any Rent, the Court Avovtunt. shall at the Prayer of the Defendant award a Writ to inquire of the Value of such Distress; (2) and upon the Return thereof Judgement shall be given for the Avowant, or him that makes Cognizance as aforesaid, for the Arrears alleged to be behind in such Avowry or Cognizance, if the Goods or Cattle so distrained shall amount to that Value; and in case they shall not amount to that Value, then for so much as the said

Goods

A.D. 1665. Anno decimo septimo Caroli II C 8, 9. 299

Goods or Cattle so distrained amount unto, together with his full Costs of Suit, and shall have like Execu ^'"^' Premium as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases aforesaid, where the Value of the Cattle disc 71. 1 trained as aforesaid, shall not be found to be to the full Value of the Arrears distrained for, that the Party to r", /n "' ivhoin such Arrears were due, his Executors or Administrators, may from Time to Time distrain again for Get. 1. 19.

the Residue of the said Arcars. [Extended to Wales and the Counties Palatine, by 19 Car. 2. C J

CAP. VIII.

An Act for avoiding unneccflliry Suits and Delays. Death ofeiti.er

Party between

FOR the Avoiding of unnecessary Suits and Delays, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, t!, C vohiffc and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ^77. present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That in all Addons Personal, Real, or Mixed, Salk. s. the Death of eititer Party between the Verdict and the Judgement, shall not hereafter be alleged for Er 2 kb. goo. ror, so as such Judgement be entered within two Terms after such Verdict. 2 Vern. ca. 220.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, where any Judgement after a Verdict shall be Judgement ob had, by or in the Name of any Executor or Administrator; in such Case an Adminstrator de bonis non may sue forth a Scire facias, and take Execution upon such judgement. Vdv! °T'

III. This Act to continue for the Space of five Years and from thence to the End of the next Session of isalk. 323. Parliament. [Made perpetual by 1 Jac. 2. C 17. §. 5.] The Continu

'of this Act,

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting one month's assessment.to his Majesty.

Anno decimo octavo Carch secundi Regis.

AT the Session of the same Parliament by diverse Prorogations held at Westminster one thousand six On the Roll

' £\. hundred sixty six, Anno 18 Car. 2.* it is raid to be

continued to the

Cap. i.,; jah, Dayflof

October, Anno

An Act for raising Moneys by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of the present War. EXP decimo nono'

CAP. II.

An Act against importing Cattle from Ireland and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners.

PIERE AS by an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, Car C

' amongst other Things, some Provision was made for the Preventing of coming in of vail Num 3

C bers of Cattle, whereby the Rents and Values of the Land of this Kingdom were much fallen, and like daily to fall more, to the great Prejudice, Detriment and Impoverishment of this Kingdom; which northeast vertheless hath by Experience been found to be ineffectual; and the Continuance of any Importation,

' either of the lean or fat Cattle, dead or alive, herein after specified, not only unnecessary, but very deltructive to the Welfare of this Kingdom: '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent 3 gf 4EJ. 6. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in r. 19. this present Parliament assembled. That such Importation from and after the second Day of February in this importation of present Year one thousand six hundred sixty and six, is a public and common Nuisance, and shall be so ad Cattle a com judged, deemed and taken to be to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. (3) And that if any great Cattle, monnuiance. Sheep or Swine, or any Beef, Pork or Bacon (except for the necessary Provision of the respective Ships or car? bys2°- Vessels in which the same shall be brought, not exposing the same or any Part thereof to Sale) shall from and importation of after the said second Day of February, by any wise whatsoever, be imported or brought from beyond Seas Bacon provided into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, ortown of Berwick upon Tweed, That then it sin all for by 5 & 6 w. and may be jawful for any Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, churchwardens or Overseers of theme 2' 4*

Poor, or any of them, within their respective Liberties, Parishes or Places, to take and seize the same,

(4) and keep the same during the Space of eight and forty Hours in some public or convenient Place where such Seizure shall be made; within which Time, if the Owner and Owners, or any for them or him, shall make it appear unto some Justice of the Peace of the same County where the same shall be so seized, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses; which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby empowered and required to administer. That the same were not imported from Ireland, or from any other Place beyond the Seas, not herein after excepted, after the said second Day of February; then the same upon the Warrant of such Justice of Peace shall be delivered without Delay: (5) But in Default of fttch Proof and Warrant, then tie penalty the same to be forfeited; One Half thereof to be disposed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where

q_q 2 the

C 3 5*

Anno decimo octavo Caroli II

A.D. 1665.

Encouragement of Fishery. Enforced by i Geo. i. Stat, 2. C is. 2- and further provided for by 5 Geo I. C 18, 2i Geo. z, C 26. feel, 7,

26 Geo. 2. c. 9.

the same shall be so found or seized; the other Half to be to his or their own Use that hall so seizetht same.

II. And for the better Encouragement of the Fishery of this Kingdom, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ling, Herring, Cod or Pilchard, fresh or faked, dried or bloated, or any Salmons, Eels or Congers, taken by any Foreigners, Aliens to this Kingdom, ball be imported, uttered, sold or exposed to Sale in this Kingdom; That then it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to take and seize the same; the one Half thereof to be disposed of to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the same shall be so found or seized; other Half to his or their own Use which shall so seize the same.

30 Geo. i. C zi & 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to hinder the Importation of Cattle from the isle of Man in this Kingdom of England, so as the Number of the said Cattle do not exceed six hundred Head yearly: (2) And that they be not of any other Breed than of the Breed of the isle of Man (3) and that they be landed at the Port of Chefer, or some of the members thereof, and not elsewhere.

IV. This Act to continue until the End of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session [Made perpetual by 32 Car. 2. C 2. §. z.]

Isle of Man.

Farther Provisions concerning Cattle, 20 Car. 2.

o 13.*jzc*' t'lc next Parliament.

2, C 2, IV & M. C 8. 5 TV, & MC. 2. 3i Geo. 2. c. 40. and 32 Geo. 2

CAP. III.

An Act to continue a former Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

i; & 14 Car. i. ' y 'xj WHEREAS an Act was made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King - 2&'ocar that now is, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of

i9jac. 3° cm.' ' England; which Act is very near expiring, and hath been found very necessary for the Preservation of

7&8w. 3.' those Places, from that great Number of lewd, disorderly and lawless persons, that usually frequented

C 17. ' thereabouts (2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

II. & 13 W. 3. and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, if Am j That the said Act, and every Clause and Clauses therein contained, and all and every the Powers and authorities thereby given, be, continue and remain in Force, until the End of seven Years from the expira jo Geo. i. c. 17. tion or Determination of the forementioned Act.

Clergy taken

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Benefit of Clergy hall he taken away away from no from great, known and notorious Thieves and spoil takers in the said Counties of Northumberland, cum torious Thieves herland, or either of them, during the Continuance of this present Act, who shall be duly convicted for L j ort^"nlber" Theft done or committed within the said Counties, or either of them: (2) Or otherwise? That it shall and berlanj Um" may he lawful to and for the Justices of the Assize, and Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery, before whom such Offenders shall be convicted within the said Counties, or either of them, to trans portor cause to be transported the said Offenders, and every of them, into any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, there to remain, and not to return; any former Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. [Continued till 24 June 1751, C by 17 Geo. 2. c. 40.

CAP. IV.

An Act for Burying in Woollen only. Woollen Manufactures encouraged. Repealed by 30 Car. 2. Stat. r. C 3. §. 2. And farther Provisions made relating hereto by that Act, None shall be buried but in Woollen. The Penalty. Proviso for Persons dying of the Plague.

CAP. V.

An Act for encouraging of Coinage.

CJ c3 O

ctmtir.uedby4sc ' XT WHEREAS it is obvious, That the Plenty of current Coins of Gold and Silver of this Kingdom

5\v.&m.c. 4. C y, js of great Advantage to Trade and Commerce; For the Increase whereof, your Majesty in your

' Princely Wisdom and Care hath been graciously pleased to bear out of your Revenue Half the Charge of

Encouragement the Coinage of Silver Money: (2) For the preventing of which Charge to your Majesty, and the n

gomand silver courascment of the bringing Gold and Silver into the Realm, to be converted into the current Money of imo the Realm'. t's your majesty's Kingdom, We your majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties or Impositions following, and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; 1 (3) and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whati oever Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner, Alien or Stranger, hall from and Silver or Gold after the twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred sixty and six, bring any Foreign Coin, Plate brought in to be or Bullion of Gold or, Silver in Mass, Melted or Allayed, or any Sort of Manufacture of Gold or Silver, r into ^'ls majesty's Mint or Mints within the Kingdom of England, to be there melted down and coined into '5 " Car. 2. current Coins of this Kingdom, shall have the same there allayed, melted down and coined with all conve -- nient Speed, without any Defalcation, Diminution or Charge for the Allaying, Coinage or Waste in Coinage.:

(4) So

A.D. 1666. Anno decimo octavo aroli II C 5. 301

(4) So as that for every Pound Troy of Crown or Standard Gold that shall be brought in and delivered by him or them to be allayed, melted clown and coined, as aforesaid, there shall be delivered out to him or them respectively, a Pound Troy of the current Coins of this Kingdom, of Crown or Standard Gold: (5)

And for every Pound Troy of Sterling or Standard Silver that shall be brought in and delivered by him or; hem to be allayed, melted down and coined, as aforesaid, there shall be delivered out to him or them respectively, a Pound Trey of the current Coins of this Kingdom, of Sterling or Standard Silver, and so pro portionably for a greater or lesser Weight; (6) and for every Pound Troy of Gold or Silver that shall be brought in and delivered to be allayed, melted down and coined, as aforesaid, that shall be finer upon Alfay than Crown Gold or Standard Silver, there shall be delivered for the same so much more than a Pound Troy as the same doth in Proportion amount unto in Fiiieness and Value: (/) And for every Pound Troy of Gold or Silver that shall he brought in and delivered to be assayed, melted down and coined, as aforesaid, that shall be. coarser or baser upon Assay, or worfa in Value than Crown Gold or Standard Silver, there shall be delivered for the same so much less than a Pound Troy as the same doth fall short in fine ness or Value, and so for a greater or lell cr Quantity.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be no Preference in There shall be

Point of Allaying or Coinage; but that all Gold and Silver brought in and delivered into the Mint, to be no undue prc allayed and coined, shall be allayed, coined and delivered out to the respective Importers, according to the hut

Order and Times of bringing in and delivering the same into the Mint or Mints, and not otherwise; so as d°!wcred he that shall first bring in and deliver any Gold or Silver to be coined, shall be taken and accounted the rut; n-order. Aril Person to have the same assayed, coined and delivered; and he or they that shall bring in and deliver seesw. 3. C 1, any Gold or Silver next, to be accounted the second Person to have the same allayed, coined and delivered, §3-

and so successively in Course: (2) And that the Gold and Silver brought in and coined, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order delivered to the respective Bringers in thereof, their Executors, a dminiilrators or Assigns successively, without Preference of one before the other, and not otherwise: And if any undue Preference be made in entering of any Gold or Silver, or delivering out of any Money coined, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, by any Officer or Officers of the Mint or Mints; then the Penalty,

Party or Parties offending shall be liable by action of Debt or on the Cale, to pay the Value of the Gold or Silver brought in, and not entered and delivered according to the true Intent, Meaning and Direction of this Act, as aforesaid, with Damages and Costs to the Party or Parties grieved, and shall be fore judged from his or their Place or Office: (4) And if such Preference be unduly made by any his or their Deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, without Direction or Privity of his or their Mailer or Mailers, then such Deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks only shall be liable to such Action, Damage and Costs, as aforesaid, and be for ever after incapable of serving or bearing Office in any Mint in the Kingdom of England.

III. Provided always, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty, in what shall not Point of Delivery of Moneys coined, if the Officer or Officers, or their Deputies or Clerks, shall deliver be an undue out or pay any Moneys coined to any Person or Persons that do come and demand the same upon subsequent Preference. Entries, before others that did not conic to demand their Moneys in their Order and Course, so as there

be so much Money reserved as will satisfy them, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them.

IV. And for the more orderly and clear Performance thereof, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the mailer worker of his Majesty's Mint or Mints for the Time being, shall at the Time of the Delivery and Entry of any Gold or Silver in the said Mint or Mints, give unto the Bringer or Bringers in thereof to be coined, a Bill under his Bland denoting the Weight, Fiiieness and Value thereof, together with the Day and Order of its Delivery into the said Mint or Mints.

V. And for the further Encouragement and Assurance of such as shall bring any Gold or Silver into There shall be his Majesty's said Mint or Mints to be coined; (2) Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Autho no Seizure or rity aforesaid, That no Confiscation, Forfeiture, Seizure, Attachment, Stop or Restraint whatsoever shall f"rfe't "re'

be made in the said Mint or Mints, of any Gold or Silver brought in to be coined, for or by Reason of any silver bro uent Imbargo, Breach of the Peace, Letters of Mart or Reprisal, or War with any Foreign Nation, or upon j, to be coined, any other Account or Pretence whatsoever; (3) but that all Gold and Silver brought into any of his Majesty's Mint or Mints within the Kingdom of England to be coined, shall truly and with all convenient Speed be coined and delivered out to the respective Bringer or Bringers in thereof, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, according to the Rules and Directions of this Act.

VI. And whereas it cannot be reasonably expected, That the Expense, Waite and Charge in Allay Animposition j ing. melting down and Coinage, be born by your majestyand for the further Encouragement of Q "Pon wines Coinage; (2) Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Tonne of^b^rtm^oited Wines, Vinegar, Cyder or Beer, that shall be imported or brought into the Port of London, or into any altercdty"^'other Port, Creek or Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick Car. 2. c.'s. ns upon Tweed, from any Parts beyond the Seas, or Scotland, from and after the twentieth Day of De to the Times of comber in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and six, there shall be levied, colleifled and p?ymn»> and paid the sum.of ten Shillings; (3) and for every Tonne of Brandy wines or Strong waters that shall be er" s to imported as abovesaid, the Sum of twenty Shillings.; (4) and so proportionably for a greater or lesser 'r'jr, nd' wine Quantity, to be levied, collected and paid at the respective customhouses to the Collectors and other Of strong water, fleers of the Customs for the Time being, at the Importation of the said Commodities, over and above all other Duties charged, leviable and payable upon the said Commodities, and to be by them distinguished and kept apart from all other Moneys by them collected and levied upon the same Commodities, or upon any other Commodities or Merchandizes whatsoever; (5) and to be by the said Collector or collectors respectively so answered and paid quarterly into the Receipt of the Exchequer of your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, there also.to be kept distinct and apart from all other Moneys arising by the Customs, or by any

other

C 5*

Anno decimo octavo Caroli II

A.D. 1666.

7 Geo. 1. Stat. <3. c. 21. 10.

Moneys leviable upon this Act /hall.be employed only to the of the Mint.

Altered by Ann, C 22.

The Continuance of this Act 25 Car. 2. C 3. Farther conti flued'by9go,

I. C j9, and Geo. 2. c. 12. jproviso. Continued from 1 Mar. 1745. for 7 Years, C by 19 Geo. 2. c. 14.

Dame Barbara Villiers.

And farther continnedfor 7 Years by 27 Geo. 2. C II

other Way or Revenue whatsoever; said Duty they are hereby enjoined to receive and pay according to the several Directions of this Act, without any Salary or See.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all manner of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy wines and Strong waters imported as aforesaid, shall pay their several and respective Duties imposed by this Act; and upon nonpayment thereof shall be liable to such and the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the late Acts for Tonnage and Poundage, and for Frauds, are enacted and appointed, upon nonpayment of the Duties by the said Acts imposed upon Goods and Merchandizes of the same Nature with those mentioned in this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That for what of the aforesaid Commodities shall be transported into any Parts beyond the Seas, within the Term and Space of one Year after the Importation thereof, that the Duty paid by this Act for the same shall be repaid by the respective Collectors of the Customs for the Time being.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Moneys leviable and payable by this Act shall be applied or converted to any Use or Uses whatsoever, other than to the defraying the Charge and Expense of the Mint or Mints, and of the Assaying, melting down, Waste and Coinage of Gold and Silver, and the Encouragement of the bringing in of Gold and Silver into the said Mint or Mints, there to be Coined into the current Coins of this Kingdom; (2) nor shall any of the said Moneys be issued out of the Exchequer, but by Order or Warrant of the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to the Mailer and Worker, or Mailers and Workers of your majesty's Mint or Mints for the Time being, and mentioning, that they are for the Use and Service aforesaid, to be kept in his Majesty's Office of Receipt in the said Mint or Mints, under the usual Keys of the Warden, Mailer and Worker, and Comptroller for the Time being, and issued out thence from Time to Time, according to the Manner and Course of the said Mint or Mints respectively.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That there shall not be issued out of the Exchequer of the said Moneys in any one Year for the Fees and Salaries of the Officers of the Mint or Mints, and towards the providing, maintaining and repairing of the Houses, Offices and Buildings and other necessaries for Assaying, melting down and Coining, above the Sum of three thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and the Overplus of the said Moneys so kept or to be kept as aforesaid, shall be employed for and towards the Expense, Waste and Charge of Assaying, melting down and Coinage, and buying in of Gold and Silver to Coin, and not otherwise.

XI. And lastly, Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the twentieth Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy one, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following and no longer.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whereas his Majesty in and by his Letters Patents under his Great Seal, dated at Westminster the twentieth Day of August in the twelfth Year of his Reign, did for diverse good Causes and Considerations him moving, give and grant to Dame Barbara Filliers Widow, the Sum of twopence by Tale out of every Pound Weight Troy of Silver Moneys, which from thenceforth should be Coined by Virtue of any Warrant or Indenture made and to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to have, hold, receive, perceive and take the same unto the said Dame Barbara Filliers, her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from the ninth Day of the then Instant August weekly, as the said Moneys should be Coined, for and during the Term of one and twenty Years, as by the same doth appear; That his Majesty may out of the Moneys leviable by this Act appoint and cause reasonable satis faction to be made yearly to the said Dame Barbara Villiers, her Executors and Administrators, for her interest in the Premises, not exceeding the Sum of six hundred Pounds ih any one Year.

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Anglis, Scotis, Francis, & Hibernis,

decimo nono.

AT the Parliament begun at Weshnhjler the eighth Day of May Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred

r sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles, by the

' Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, dc. and

there continued by several Prorogations to the eighteenth Day of September one thousand six hundred sixty six; and then continued to the eighth of February following; and thence prorogued to the tenth of Ofiabtf one thousand six hundred sixty seven, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

t3car. 2. C 1. An Act Explanatory of the Act for raffing Moneys by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of

this present War.

EXP.

CAP. II.

EXP. An Act for erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences touching Houses burned or demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in London.

Justices appointed to hear and determine Differences bet'.vcn Landlords and Tenants, (3v, The Powers of the said Justices. How to proceed upon

Complaints.

A.D. 1667. Anno decimo nono Carol: 11. C 3. 303

Complaints. The said Judicature shall be a Court of Record. Officers. A Table of Fees. The Continuance of this Act. Proviso touching the renewing and reversing Orders or Decrees.

CAP. III.

An Act for Rebuilding the City of London.

Forasmuch as the City of London, being the Imperial Seat of his Majesty's Kingdoms, and renowned for Trade and Commerce throughout the World; by Reason of a most dreadful Fire lately happening the rein, was for the moil Part thereof burnt down and destroyed within the Cornpafs of a few Days, and 1 now lies buried in its own Ruins: For the speedy Restauration whereof, and for the better Regulation, Uniformity and Gracefulness of such New Buildings as shall be erected for Habitations in order thereunto 5! and to the End that great and outrageous Fires (through the Blessing of Almighty God) so far forth as; t human Providence (with Submission to the Divine Pleasure) can foresee, may be reasonably prevented or obviated for the Time to come, both by the Matter and Form of such Building: And further, to the In ' tent that all Encouragement and Expedition may be given unto, and all Impediments and Obstructions that may retard or protradl the Undertaking or carrying on a Work so necessary, and of so great Honour and Importance to his Majesty and this Kingdom, and to the Rest of his Majesty's kingd«ms and Domi -- ' nions, may be removed

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the'

Authority of the same, That the Rules and Directions hereafter in this Act prescribed, be duly observedt by all Persons therein concerned.

III. And first, that no Building or House for Habitation whatsoever be hereafter erected within the LI Rules and Demits of the said City and Liberties thereof, but such as shall be pursuant to such Rules and Orders of Build regions to feeding, and with such Materials, as are herein after particularly appointed, and according to such Scantlings b, " '.ed m as are set down and prescribed in a Table in this present at hereafter specified: And if any Person ias' or Persons shall presume to build contrary thereunto, and be convicted of the same by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, to be taken before the Lord Mayor for the Time being, or any two or more of penalty the Justices of the Peace for the said City, who are hereby empowered to administer the same Oaths; That Chen and in such Case, the said House so irregularly built as aforesaid, shall be deemed as a common Nuisance;

(3) and the Builder and Levier thereof shall enter into a Recognisance in such Sum as the said Mayor and Justices reflectively in their Discretions shall appoint, for Abatement and Demolishing the same in Convenient time, or otherwise to amend the same according to such Rules and Orders as aforesaid: in Default of Entering into such Recognisance, the Offender shall be committed to the common Gaol of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, till he shall have abated or demolished, or otherwise amended the same; or else such irregular House shall or may be demolished or abated by Order of the Court of Aldermen.

IV. And that the said irregular Buildings may be the better prevented, or more effectually discovered; Prevention of (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor; Aldermen and Common irregular Build Council of the said City, shall and may at their Will and Pleasure ekdt, nominate and appoint one or ins "* more discreet and intelligent Person or Persons in the Art of Building, to be the Surveyors or Supervisors so see the said Rules and Scantlings well and truly observed: And that it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen and common Council, or for the Mayor and Aldermen in their Court of Aldermen, to administer to all the said Surveyors or Supervisors, an Oath upon the Holy Evangelists, for the true and impartial Execution of their Office in that Behalf, and to appoint the several rrecindis which shall be under their several Surveys.

V. And to the End that all Builders may the better know bow to provide and fit their Materials for There finite their several Buildings; (2) Be it enacted, That there shall be only four Sorts of Buildings, and no four Sorts of more; and that all Manner of Houses so to be erected, shall be of one of these four Sorts of Buildings, and Buildings only, no other; (that is to say) the first and least Sort of Houses fronting by lanes; the second Sort of Houses fronting Streets and Lanes of Note; the third Sort of Houses fronting high and principal Streets; the fourth and largest Sort, of mansion houses, for Citizens, or other Persons of extraordinary Quality, not fronting either of the three former Ways: And the Roofs of each of the said first three Sorts of Houses respectively, shall be uniform.

VI. And for avoiding any Uncertainty to the Builders or others herein, Be it further enacted, That the po wew of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the said City for the Time being, shall on or before the Lord Mayor, 'first Day of April next ensuing, declare which and how many shall hereafter be accounted and taken to Aldermen and be by lanes, which and how many shall hereafter be deemed Streets or Lanes of Note, and high and prin Common coun cipal Streets, by Act of Common Council to be patted for that Purpose: Declaration being made glane? as aforesaid, all and singular the said Streets and Lanes (hereby intended to be rebuilt) shall by Order of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council, or such Persons as they under the Common seal of the said City shall order and appoint, be marked or slaked out and di ftinguished, to the End the Breadth,

Length and Extent thereof may be the better known and observed. (2) And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wittingly or willingly, without good Authority, pluck up or remove any of the said Stakes or mark stones, thereby to obscure or confound the Bounds of such Streets or Lanes, or any of them, and shall be thereof legally convicted by the Oath of one Witness (other than of the Informer) to be taken before any one or more Justices of the Peace of the said City; that then the said Justice or Justices shall or may send such Offender to the common Gaol of the said City, there to remain by the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize, unless he shall pay or cause to be paid to the Use of the Mayor, Commonalty

Anno decimo nono Caroli II

3°4 C 3.

A.D. 1667.

Building with Brick. 3 Stone, Oak.

The Duty of the Surveyors aid Supervisors,

Who may determine Differences between first and later Builders.

Houses of the fir.'i and least

So. t of Building,

Houses of the second Sort of Building.

Houses of the third Sort of Building.

Houses of the fourth Sort of Building,

rronalty and Citizens of the said City, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be employed in and towards the Repairing of the public Buildings of the said City. (3) Provided always, That where any such Offence shall be committed by any Person or Persons of low and mean Condition, whom the said Justice or Justices of the Peace shall in his Conscience believe to be unable to satisfy the said Penalties; That then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices of the Peace ball and may, by Order and Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, cause such Offender to be openly whipped near unto the Place where the Offence shall be committed, till his Body be bloody; (4) and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices of Peace to reward the said Informer out of the Pecuniary Penalty to be incurred, according to his Discretion, not exceeding a third Part of the said Penalty.

VII. And in regard the Building with Brick is not only more comely and durable, but also more safe future Perils of Fire; '(2) Be it further enacted by and with the Authority aforesaid, That all the Outsides of all Buildings in and about the said City be henceforth made of Brick or Stone, or of Brick and Stone together, except door cases and window frames, the Breast Summers, and other Parts of the first Story to the Front, between the Piers, which are to be left to the Discretion of the Builder, to use substantial Oaken Timber ir.ftcad of Brick or Stone, for Conveniency of Shops; and that the said Doors, Breast Summers and window frames be sufficiently discharged of the Burden of the Fabric by arch work of Brick or Stone, either straightor circular.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Surveyors or Supervisors so to be appointed as aforesaid, and every of them, within their several Precincts, hall take care, that in Building of all Houses within the said City and Liberties thereof, there be, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be party walls and party piers, set out equally on each builder's Ground, to be built up by the first Beginner of such Building; and that convenient Toothing be left in the front wall by the said first Builder, for the better joining of the next House that shall be built to the same: (2) And that no Man be permitted by the said Surveyors, to build on the said party wall, or on his own contiguous Ground, until he hath fully reimbursed the said first Builder the full Moiety of the Charges of the said party wall and Pier, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of six Pounds percent, per Annum, for Forbearance thereof, to be accounted from the Beginning of the said first Building. (3) And in Case any Difference shall arise between the first and latter Builders, concerning the true Value of the said Charge, That then the same be referred to the Alderman of that Ward where such Buildings shall be, and to his Deputy, to mediate an Agreement of such Difference; and where the said Alderman and his Deputy, or one of them, shall be Parties, or where they cannot compose such Difference as aforesaid, that the Matter be referred to the Examination of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, who shall hear and finally determine the same, without any Appeal to be had.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Houses of the first and least Sort of Building, fronting by streets or Lanes as aforesaid, shall be of two Stories high, besides Cellars and Garrets; that the Cellars thereof be six Foot and a Half high, if the Springs of Water hinder not; that the first Story be nine Foot high from the Floor to the Ceiling, and the second Story nine Foot high from the Floor to thecieling; that all Walls in Front and Rcer, as high as the first Story, be of the full Thickness of the Length of two Bricks, and thence upwards to the Garrets, of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half; and that the Thickness of the garret walls on the back Part be left to the Discretion of the Builder, so that the same be not less than the Length of one Brick; and also that the Thickness of the party walls between these Houses of this first and Idler Sort of Buildings, be one Brick and an Half, as high as the said Garrets; and that the Thickness of the party walls in the Garrets he of the Thickness of one Brick in Length at the least; and that the Scantlings of Timber and Stone to be used about the Building thereof, be as in the said Table are set down and prescribed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Houses of the second Sort of Building;, fronting Streets and Lanes of Note, and the River of Thames, shall consist of three Stories high, besides Cellars and Garrets, as aforesaid; the Cellars thereof be six Foot and an Half high (if the Springs of Water hinder not;,) that the first Story contain full ten Foot in Height from the Floor to the Ceiling; the second, full ten Foot; the third, nine Foot: (2) That all the said Walls in Front and Rcer, as high as the first Story, be of the full Thickness of the Length of two Bricks and an Plalf, and from thence upwards to the garret floor of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half; and that the Thickness of the garret walls on the back Part be left to the Discretion of the Builder, so that the same be not less than the Length of one Brick; (3) and also that the Thickness of the party walls between every House of this second and larger Sort of Building, be two Bricks Length as high as the first Story, and thence upwards to the Garrets of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half: The Scantlings of Timber and Stone to be as in the said Table are prescribed.

XI. Also that the Houses of the third Sort of Building, fronting the high and principal Streets, shall consist of four Stories high, besides Cellars and Garrets, as aforesaid; the first Story contain full ten Foot in Height from the Floor to the Ceiling; the second, ten Foot and an Half; the third, nine Foot; the fourth, eight Foot and an Half: (2) That all the said Walls in Front and Reer, as high as the first Story, be of the full Thickness of the Length of two Bricks and an Half, and from thence upwards to the garret floor of the Thickness of one Brick and Half; that the Thickness of the garret walls on the back Part be left to the Discretion of the Builder, so as the same be not less than the Length of one Brick;

(;,) and also that the Thickness of the party walls between every House of this third and larger Sort of Building, be two Bricks Lengths as high as the first Story, and thence upwards to the Garrets, of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half: The Scantlings of Timber anil Stone to be as in the said Table are prescribed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Houses of the fourth Sort of Building, being mansion houses, and of the greatest Bigness, not fronting upon any of the Streets or Lanes as aforesaid, shall bear the same

A.D. 1667. Anno decimo nono Caroli II

C 3* 3°5

Scantlings as in the Table are set down for the same; and that the Number of Stories, and the Height thereof, be left to the Discretion of the Builder, so as he exceed not four Stories.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Front of all Houses hereafter to be erefled in any such Fronts of hn»fc» Streets as by at of Common council shall be declared to be high Streets, Balconies four Foot broad, with in high Streets, Rails and Bars of Iron, of equal Distance from the Ground, shall be placed; every of which Balconies Ealconks. shall contain in Length two Parts of the Front of the House on which it shall be placed, in three Parts to

be divided, and the remaining Vacancy of the Front shall be supplied with a pent house of the Breadth of the Balcony, to be covered with Lead, Slate or Tile, and to be cieled with Plastering underneath, and that the Water falling as well from the Tops of the said Houses, as from the said Balconies and pent houses, be conveyed into the Channels by party pipes on the Sides or Fronts of the said Houses; and that Pavements under every of the said Balconies and pent houses be made of good and sufficient broad flat Stone, at the Charge of the Builder.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Builder of any of the Houses fronting any of the said high How Houses Streets, Streets or Lanes of Note, be permitted to lay his first Floor over the Cellar more than eighteen frontingnn High Inches above the said Streets, or less than six, with one circular Step to lead up thereunto, to be placed ^'ts ll>au be Without the Building; and that no trap doors or open Grates be in any wise buffered to be made into any u1

such Cellar or Warehouse without the Foundations of the Front, but that all Lights to be made into any of them, be henceforth made upright and not otherwise: (2) And that no Bulks, Jetties, Windows,

?ofts, Seats or anything of like Sort shall be made or erected in any Streets, Lanes or by lanes, to extend beyond the ancient Foundation of Houses; nor that any House be set further into the Street than the ancient Foundation; saving only that in the high and principal Streets it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants to buffer their stall bbards (when their shop windows are set open) to turn over, and extend eleven Inches and no more, from the Foundation of their Houses into the Streets, for the better Conveniency of their shop windows.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Within whst seized, possessed orinterested, of or in any Ground which was formerly builded upon, and the Houses there Time all Persons upon being now burned or pulled down at the Time of the late Fire, shall not within three Years next en j>re.to rebuild suing build up the same; That then the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the City of London, ielr oucs' by at of Common council, may cause Proclamation to be publicly made between the Hours of Twelve

and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, as well at or upon the said Ground, as also at or upon the publick Exchange of the said City, thereby to give Notice to all Persons that shall be or may be therein concerned, to cause the same to berebuilded, according to the Direction of this present at, within the Space of nine Months then next following: (2) And in case the Owners thereof or other Person or Persons having Interest therein, shall refuse or neglect to rebuild the same, in Manner and within such Time as aforesaid, That then in such Case the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City are hereby authorised, Penalty. to issue out Warrants to the Sheriffs of London for the Time being, requiring them to impanel and return before them a Jury of good and lawful 'Men of the said City; which the said Sheriffs are hereby authorised and required to do accordingly; (3) which Jury so returned shall upon their Oaths, to be administered to them by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen (who are likewise hereby authorised to administer the same) inquire, estimate and assess the true and just Value of such void Ground, according to their Judgments: And that from and after such Inquiry and Valuation thereof made as aforesaid, by Inquest of the said Jury, It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the said City, to make Sale of the See or Inheritance thereof, by Conveyance under their Common Seal, to any Person or Persons that will purchase the same, at such Price at which the same shall have been so as aforesaid estimated and valued by the said Jury; and the Moneys thereupon to be received of the Purchasers

I thereof, shall be paid into the Chamber of London, and from thence to be issued out and paid by the Chamberlain of London for the Time being, unto such Person or Persons who shall have any Estate or Interest into or out of the same, according to his or their respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest: (4) which Salefo made and enrolled of Record, according to the Custom or Usage of the said City for Inrollment of Bargains and Sales, shall he final and CC nclusive to all other Persons whatsoever, and shall bar them, their Heirs and Assigns, to claim any Estate, Right, Title or Interest of, in or out of the Grounds so sold, precedent to the said Sale; and the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may by Virtue of this at have, hold and enjoy the same against all Persons claiming any Estate, Right,

Title or Interest into or out of the same, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, freed and discharged of and from all Encumbrances in Estate, Title, Charge or otherwise, precedent to the said Sale.

XVI. And to the End the said Builders may receive due Encouragement, by having the Materials for who may (la Building at reasonable Prices, and getting of Workmen for moderate Wages, (2) Be it further enacted, cafo of unrea that in case of Combination or unreasonable Exaction by brick makers, tile makers and lime burners, Enable Exac it shall and may he lawful for the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, or any two or more of them, up^viaterfofo upon the Complaint of the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, to call before them such a Number of Brick and Workmen, makers, tile makers, and lime burners, making or burning Brick, Tile or Lime at any Place within five Miles Distance of the River o{^thames, as they shall think fit; and upon Conference with them had concerning the Premisses, if they will be present or otherwise in their Absence, to assess such reasonable Prices from Time to Time upon every thousand of the said Bricks and Tiles, and upon every Hundred of the said Lime, and every greater or Idler Quantity, to be delivered at the several Kilns; and also of all Carriages of the same Materials from the said Kilns to the said City, whether by Land or by Water, as may equally respect the honest Profit of the said brick makers, tile makers, lime burners and Carriers, and the northeast ceflity and Conveniency of the Builder.

Rr

Labourer

Wages.

:,) VI In.'

C 3.

Anno decimo nono Caroli II

A.D. 1667.

Fdreigners may as Freemen work in London.

Who may determine Differences, between Builders about flopping Lights., C

And to the Intent no brick maker, tile maker, lime burner, Carpenter, Bricklayer, Mason Plaisterer, Joyner, Plumber or other Artificer, Workman or Labourer, may make the common Calamitj a Pretence to extort unreasonable or excessive Wages, (2) Be it likewise enabled, That in case of Combination or Exaction of unreasonable Wages by the said Artificers, Workmen or Labourers, or any of them the Paid Justices of the Court of King's Bench, or any two or more of them, upon the like Complaint 0 the Paid Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, shall and may from Time to Time limit, rate and appoint, the Wages of the said Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, by the Day, Week or otherwise, and wha' Wages every of the Paid Workmen shall have by the Great, by the Foot, Yard, Rod or Perch, or for ant greater Quantity; which said Rates, together with the Prices of the said Materials and Carriages so aflefiee.' being set down in a Table, and Proclamation thereof made by the Lord Mayor for the Time being accordingly, the same shall effectually bind all persons therein concerned: (3) And if any of the said Artificers refuse to sell the said Materials for the Prices so assessed, or any of the said Carpenters, Bricklayers, Masons, Plaifferers, Joyners, Plumbers, or other Workmen or Labourers, shall either refuse to work for the Wages so assessed, or shall depart from his said Work after he hath undertaken to do the same, without Licence oi f such Person or Persons as employed him, and before it be finished, unless it be for Nonpayment of his Hire, ocother just Cause to be allowed before one Justice of the Peace of such Place where the Offence shall be committed; or if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall by any secret Ways or Means give, covenant, article or agree to give, directly or indirectly, by himself or any other for him, any other or greater Wages, Prices or other Commodities than shall be so assessed; the said Offender and Offenders, being hereof legally convict by the Oaths of one or more Witnesses, which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer, shall be by the said Justice of the Peace forthwith committed to the Common Gaol, there to remain by the Space of one Month, without Bail or Mainprize, unless he shall pay or cause to be paid for every such Offence to the said Justice of the Peace, such Fine as by the Discretion of the said Justice shall be set upon any such Offender, not exceeding ten Pounds: Out of which Fine the said Justice shall and may award and pay unto the Party injured such Satisfaction ashe shall judge reasonable, and the Residue thereof shall pay unto the Chamberlain of London for the Time being, to be employed for and towards the re edifying of the public Buildings of the City aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Carpenters, Bricklayers, Masons, Plaisterers, Joyners and other Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, to be employed in the said Buildings, who are not Freemen of the said City, shall for the Space of seven Years next ensuing, and for so long Time after as until the said Buildings shall be fully finished, have and enjoy such and the same Liberty of working, and being set to work in the said Building, as the Freemen of the City of the same Trades and Professions have and ought to enjoy; any Usage or Custom of the City to the contrary notwithstanding. (z) And that such Artificers, as aforesaid, which for the Space of seven Years shall have wrought In the Rebuilding of the City in their respective Arts, shall from and after the said seven Years have and enjoy the same Liberty to work as Freemen of the said City, for and during their natural Lives. Provided always, That such Artificer's claiming such Privileges, shall be liable to undergo all such Offices, and to pay and perform such Duties in Reference to the Service and Government of the City, as Freemen of the City of their respective Arts and Trades are liable to undergo, pay and perform.

XIX. And to remove all Obstacles which otherwise may hinder so good and profitable a Work; (2) Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Differences arising between the said Builders, or any others, concerning placing and slopping up of Lights, Windows, water courses or Gutters, which may hinder or retard the said Building, shall and may be heard, mediated and determined (if it may be) by the Alderman of the Ward where the Cause of any such Difference shall arise, and his Deputy; and if either the said Alderman or his Deputy be concerned as Parties in the Controversy, or that they cannot deter

the said Differences, that then and in every such Case the same be certified by the said Alderman or his

mine

Common sewers, Dreins and Vaults, See.

This Clause made perpetual by 22

Car. 2. C 17. Power of Persons appointed in Puiluance of this a€l, in wged by y Ann, 9-

Deputy unconcerned therein, to the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, who upon deliberate Hearing of all Parties, shall finally determine the same without further or other Appeal.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Numbers and Places for all Common Sewers, Dreins and Vaults, and the Order and Manner of Paving and Pitching the Streets and Lanes within the said City and Liberties thereof, shall be designed and set out by such and so many Persons as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time authorise and appoint under their Common Seal, or the more Part of them; (2) which said Persons so authorised and appointed, or any seven or more of them, together with the said Surveyors, or some or one of them, within his or their precinct respectively, shall at their Meeting have Power and Authority to order and direct the Making of any new Vaults, Dreins and Sewers, or to cut into any Drein or Sewer already made, and for the altering, Enlarging, Amending, Cleansing and Scouring of any old Vaults, Sinks or Common Sewers: (3) For the better Effecting whereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons so authorised and appointed, as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, at their said Meeting, to impose any reasonable Tax upon all Houses within the said City and Liberties thereof, in Proportion to the Benefit they shall receive thereby, for and towards the new making, Cutting, Altering, Enlarging, Amending, Cleansing and Scouring all and singular the said Vaults, Dreins, Sewers, Pavements and Pitching 1 aforesaid: And in Default of Payment of the said Sums so to be charged, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons so authorised as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, by Order and Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Sum and Sums of Money so ailcfied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party chargeable therewith, and refusing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be.) (5) And that all other Commissioners whatsoever be altogether suspended to intermeddle in the Premises within the said City and Liberties thereof, for the Space of seven Years next, and for so long after until the said intended Buildings shall be fully finished 3 any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding'

'And

A.D. 1667. Anno decimo nono Caroli II.

G. 3,

3°7

in high

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Lord Mayor, Alder Ncyfom Trades rien and Common Council of the said City from Time to Time, to prohibit such Trades and Occupations prohibited in the as they shall judge noifom or perillous "in respect of Fire, to be, used or exercised in the high or principal lj gh sirccts streets of the said City..

XXII. And forasmuch as the Freedom and Openness of the Streets conduceth much to the Advance

of Trade, and Ornament of the City; '(2,) Be it further eriaftedjmjiat it ffiallavid ihay be lawful j: o and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty, by Order of Common Council in that Behalf to' ae made from Time to Time, and at their Will and Pleasure, to remove out of any of the high Streets all Rcmovim it any of the Conduits now Handing or hereafter to be efefted, and to let up and toereft the same in' fcrch ponduitsi ither public Places within the said City as they shall think, fit, or to contrast the same into any smaller or ilcltcr Compass in the Places where they now Hands or hereafter shall be created, as aforesaid, according to their Discretions.' '

XXIII. And whereas many ancient Streets and pafl ages within the said City and Liberties thereof, and

amongh others those which are hereafter mentioned, were narrow and incommodious for Carriages and 1

pall engers, and prejudicial to the Trade and Health of the Inhabitants, and are necessary to be enlarged,

as well for the Convenience, as Ornament of the City; '(2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City for the Time being, in commoti Council af what Streets sembled, shall and may, and are hereby empowered and required to enlarge all and every the Streets and may be opened Places hereafter mentioned, where and in such Manner as there shall be Cause, by and with the Approba and lnlarsej> tion of his Majesty, and not otherwise: That is to say, the Street called fleet street, from the Place where, the Greyhound Tavern Hood, to Ludgate, and from thence to'st. Paul's churchyard; Street leading from the east end of St. paul's Church into chespfide; the Street and Passage at the eah cnd of Cheap side, leading into the Poultry; the Street and Passage out of the Poultry, leading into the west end of Cornhill, at or near the Place late called the Stocks; the Street called Blowbladder street, leading from the west end of Cheapfule towards Newgate market; and to enlarge the Street and Passage from thence towards Newgate market, by laying the Ground where the Middle row in the Shambles there lately Hood, into the said Street; and in like Manner to enlarge the passage.froir. New gate market towards Newgate, by laying'.the -

Ground of the late four Houses between jnarwick lanep.rvh in Newgate market, and the late Bell Inn there, into the Street; and in like Manner to enlarge, as there shall be Cause, thflane called flpe maria lanc', leading from pater ncjler row to Ludgate jlrcet; and the Street or Passage at the End of St. Martin s.le Grand towards Blowbladder street aforesaid; also the Passage from St. Magnus Church to the Conduit in Gracious street, and the north end of Gracious street; and also Thames street, from the West Corner of St. Magnus Church aforesaid, to the Tower dock; and to enlarge old fish street, s y laying the Middle row there into the Street.

XXIV. And the said Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council also shall and may by Virtue of this present Act, enlarge and make wider any other such strait and narrow Passages within the said City, as are less than fourteen boot in Breadth; so as Notice be given to the Owners or Parties interested in the Ground to be so taken for the Enlarging thereof, on or before the first Day of May next ensuing And are and shall be also further enabled by Virtue of this act, to make or cause to be made a new Street leading and extending from the guild hall of the said City into Cheapside, the same to be of such Breadth and Wideness as they shall judge meet and convenient.

XXV. And to the End that reasonable Satisfaction may be given for all such ground.as shall be taken saiisfa&lon to and employed for the Uses aforesaid; Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council shall and may treat and be !ot agree with the Owners and others interested therein: And if there shall be 'any Persons, Bodies Corporate Ground'

or Collegiate, that shall wilfully refuse to treat and agree, as aforesaid, or through any Disability by nonage. Coverture, or especial Entail or other Impediment, cannot; that in such Cases, the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen are hereby authorised by Virtue of this Act to issue out a Warrant or Warrants. to the Sheriffs of London, who are hereby required accordingly to impanel and return a Jury before the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen: (2) Which Jury upon their Oaths to be administered by the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, are to inquire and assess such Damage and Recompense as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners, and others interested, according to their several and respective interests and Estates of and in any such Houses or Ground, or any Part thereof, for their nspective Interests and Estates in tile same, as by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled be adjudged fitto be converted for the Purposes aforesaid: and such Verdict of the Jury, and Judgement of the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen thereupon, and the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or adjudged to the Owners, and others having Estate or Interest, or Tender and Refusal thereof, shall be binding to all Intents and Purposes against the said Parties, their Heirs, Executors, ad ministrators and Assigns, and others claiming any Title or Interest in the said Houses or Ground, and shall be a full Authority for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, to cause the same to be converted and used for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXVI. And forasmuch as the Houses now remaining, and to be rebuilt, will receive more or less Ad Routes which vantage in the Value of the Rents, by the Liberty of Air, and free Recourse for Trade, and other Conve ftaii be bettered niencies by such Regulation and Inlargement; '(2) It is also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in in Value.

Case of Refusal or Incapacity, as aforesaid, of the Owners, or others interested of or in the said Houses, to agree and compound with the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons for the same, thereupon a Jury shall and may be impanelled in Manner and Form aforesaid, to judge and assess upon the Owners, and others interested of and in such Houses, such competent Sum and Sums of Money, with respect to their several Interests, in Confederation of such Improvement and Melioration, as in Reason and good Conscience they shall think fit: (3) And all Sums of Money that shall be so assessed and raised as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being; who is hereby enabled from Time to

3°8 C 3.

Anno decimo nono C a ro L i II

A.D. 1667.

Who may hear and determine Differences of several Claims of Estates,

The second of September appointed a Day of Humiliation in the City yearly for ever.

A Pillar to be setup in Memory of the Fire.

Tender of Money at the af furance Office, or at the Royal Exchange.

Parish Churches to be rebuilded.

Sites and Materials of Churches to be sold, and how employed

St. Paul's,

St, faith's,

St. gregory's Churches.

Thames ffireet.

Time to receive and recover the same by Action at Law, and whose Receipt shall be a good Discharge to such Owners, or others interested; who is hereby appointed to receive and pay, and be accountable for the same, according to such Directions as shall from Time to Time be given him by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons: (4) And the Money so raised, shall be wholly employed towards Payment and Satisfaction of such Houses and Ground as shall be converted into Streets, Passages, Markets, and other public Places aforesaid: (5) And such Satisfaction so given, or tendred and refused, as aforesaid, shall divest the Propriety, Estate and Interest of the respective Owners, and others having Interest of and in such Parcels of Ground so to be taken and impltwed for the Uses aforesaid, by Virtue of this Act: Which shall be and are hereby actually settled and invested in the said Lord Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their successors, in like Manner as other the common Streets and Highways within the said City.

XXVII. And in Case any Controversies or Differences shall happen to arise between several Persons that shall claim several Estates or Interests into or out of any Grounds to be sold by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council, or by them to be taken and disposed of by Virtue and in Pursuance of this Act to and for the Uses aforesaid; then the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall be and are hereby authorised to hear, and Anally to order and determine the same in a summary Way of Proceeding, and without the Formalities or ordinary Course of Proceedings used in any the said Courts, to order and award such Distribution to be made of the Money thereby arising, for the satisfying of such several Interests and Claims as to them shall seem just and reasonable, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interests of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto; according to which Order and Distribution to be made and appointed by the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, the said Purchase money shall be satisfied and paid by the said Chamberlain to the said several Persons respectively

*And that the said Citizens and their Successors for all the Time to come, may retain the Me

of so a Desolation, and refieft seriously upon their manifold Iniquities, which are the unhappy Causes of such Judgments; '(z) Be it further enacted, That the second Day of September (unless the same happen to be Sunday, and if so, then the next Day following) be yearly for ever hereafter observed as. a day of public Falling and Humiliation within the said City and Liberties thereof, to implore the Mercies of Almighty God upon the said City, to make devout Prayer and Supplication unto him, to divert the like Calamity for the Time to come.

XXIX. And the better to preserve the Memory of this dreadful Visitation, Be it further enacted, That a Column or Pillar of Brass or Stone, be erected on, or as near unto, the Place where the said Fire so unhappily began, as conveniently may be, in perpetual Remembrance thereof, with such Inscription thereon, as hereafter by the Mayor and Court of Alermen in that Behalf be directed.

XXX. And be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tender of Money or Payment thereof, which by any Bonds, Covenants or other Obligations or Affu ranee whatsoever ought to be made in the late Assurance office, or in any other Place on the late Royal Exchange, London, hall or may be made at or in the present Assurance office in grcjjoam house; and shall be as valid and legal to all Intents and Purposes, and discharge the Obligor as fully and amply, as if they had been made in the first intended Place on the said Royal Exchange.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Parish Churches to be rebuilded within the said City of London, in Lieu of those which were demolished by the late Fire, hall not exceed the Number of thirty-nine; which shall be set out and appointed by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Bishop of London for the Time being.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sites and Materials of such Churches as by this Bill are not intended to be rebuilt, together with the churchyards belonging to such Churches, shall be and are hereby vested in the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being; to the End so much of the said Ground as shall not upon the rebuilding of the said City, be laid into the Streets, be sold and disposed of by the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or the major Part of them for the Time being, with the Consent of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Bishop of London for the Time being; (z) and the Money raised by such Sale hall he by the said Mayor and Aldermen, or the major Fart of them, with the Consent of the said Archbishop and Bishop, disposed of and employed for and towards the rebuilding of such Parish Churches as by this Act are intended to be rebuilt, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided always, That anything in this Act contained, shall not extend or he taken to vest or settle the Church of St. Paul, and Sr. Faiths, or any Part thereof, or the Church of St. gregory's by St. pant's, or any of them, or the churchyards to any of them belonging or appertaining, in the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, or any of them; anything in this Act notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That for the preventing Inundations, and for Easiness of Ascent, the Street called Thames street, and all the Ground between the said Street and the River of Thames, shall be raised and made higher by three. Foot at the least above the Surface of the Ground as now it lieth.

XXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no House, Outhouses or other Building whatsoever (Cranes and Sheds for present Use only excepted) shall be built or erected within the Distance of forty Foot of such Part of any Wall, Key or Wharf, as bounds the River of Thames, from tower jvbarf to London bridge, and from London Bridge to the Temple stairs; (z) nor any House, Outhouses or other Buildings (Cranes only excepted) be built or erected within the Distance of threescore and ten Foot of the middle of any Part of the Common Sewers, commonly called or known by the Names of Bridewell dock, Fleet ditch and Turnmill brook, from the River of Thames to Clerkenwell, upon either Side of them; before the four and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty eight.

Anno decimo nono Caroli II

A.D. 1667.

C 3. 309

XXXVI. And for the further enabling of the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said An Imposition, City of London, and their successors, to perform and accomplish the Works in this at mentioned; (2) upon coais.

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Sorts of Coals, which from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred sixty seven, and before the four and twentieth Day of June

one thousand six hundred seventy seven, shall be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City of London, upon the same River, to be sold by the Chaldron or Tonne, there shall be paid by way of Imposition thereupon, (over and besides all other impositions and Duties due and payable for any sort of the said Coals, by Virtue of any Law or Statute now in Force) according to the Rates hereafter mentioned; that is to say. For such sorts of Coals as are usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof containing thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure, the Sum of twelve Pence; and for all such sorts of Coals as are sold by the Tonne, for every Tonne thereof containing twenty hundred Weight, the like Sum of twelve Pence; (3) which said Imposition of twelve Pence for every Chaldron or Tonne of Coals, shall from Time to Time during the Term aforesaid be answered and paid unto the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, and their successors, or to their Deputy or Deputies, Officers or afegns, by the Master, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons taking Charge of any Ship or vessel whereupon the same shall be laden, before they shall break Bulk, or have a Metre Aligned for the measuring or weighing of any Coals aforesaid, to be delivered from on Board any such Ship or vessel; the same to be paid at such Place or Places, as by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall: from Time to Time be appointed for the Receipt thereof; upon Receipt whereof, the Party appointed to receive the same shall without Delay, See or Reward, deliver a Receipt to the Person or Persons who shall paj the said Duty, which Receipt shall for so much be a sufficient Discharge.

XXXVII. And to the End that the said Imposition may be duly answered and paid without Fraud' orcoal inetctt Covin, and for the better Levying and Collecting thereof, and for Discovery of the just quantities of all: Duty for levying sorts of Coals to be imported as aforesaid: (z) Be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That the the same. coal metres for the City of London, appointed or to be appointed, and every of them, and their respective

Deputies, in their Turn and Course of Attendance respectively, so soon as any Ship or vessel freight with These Rules are V Coals shall be unladen, shall forthwith deliver a true Certificate in Writing, unto the Deputy or Deputies,

Officers or Assigns of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, who shall be appointed to receive the tyly^&vw; said Imposition, of the Sorts, Quantities and Number of Chaldrons or Tonnes of Coals respectively - & m.j, jo --. shall be measured or weighed, and delivered from on Board any such Ship or Vessel, on Pain for his or their Default therein, to be suspended from the Execution and Benefit of his or their Office or Employment for. one whole Year from thence next following: (3) And in Case it shall appear by such Certificate or otherwise, That there was 011 Board any such Ship or vessel, a greater Number of Chaldrons or Tonnes of Coals, than for which the said Imposition shall have been answered and paid as aforesaid; then, in.such.

Case there shall be paid to the said Mayor aid Commonalty and Citizens, and their successors, for every Chaldron 01 Tonne of Coals so concealed, over and above the Imposition aforesaid, the Sum of five Shillings;. for which (in Case of Refufil to pay the same) such Ship or Vessel, or any the Tackle, Furniture or Ap thereof, may be attached and detained by Warrant from the Mayor of the said City for the Time be -- ing, until Payment thereof.

XXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That if the Importer, upon such Certificate delivered in by the Coal — metre, shall within four ant' twenty Hours give in his Post entry, and satisfy and pay the whole Duty fore the Surplusage of Coals appearing upon the unlading of such Ship or vessel, That then upon such Payment, the Penalty aforesaid shall be uncharged.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money which shall be How thefaia: raised upon the Receipt of the said Imposition of twelve Pence for every Chaldron or Tonne of coals, or imposition ihalbi by such additional Duty in Case of Concealment as aforesaid, shall in the first Place be applied and disposed be unto and for the Satisfaction of such Persons whose Grounds shall by Virtue and in Pursuance of this Act he taken and employed for the enlarging of the Streets, and narrow Passages within the said Crty; (z) and after Satisfaction given for the same, the Residue of the said Moneys shall be applied and disposed unto and for the Satisfaction of such Persons whose Grounds shall be employed for the making of Wharves or:

Keys on the no th side of the River of Thames, and upon each Side of the Sewer called by the Name or Names of Bridewell dock, Fleet Ditch and Turnmill brook; and also for the building and making such pri fens within the said City, as shall be necessary for the Safe Custody and Imprisonment of Felons and other Malefactors.

XL. And to the End the Moneys to be raised upon the Imposition aforesaid, may be duly applied to the And the Ac — Uses for which the lame is by this Act appointed; (z) Be it further enacted, That there shall from Time counts of Rc to Time be provided, and kept in the Chamber of London, one or more Book or Books of Vellum or Parch «ipts and duv ment, in which all Adonies thereupon to be received, shall from Time to Time be entered and set down: burfem nts (3) And also other like Book or Books, wherein the Accounts of all Payments and Disbursements out Of thereof ktpc., ( the same shall be likewise entered, expressing the Time when, the Occasion for which, and the Name of the Person or Persons to whom the same were so paid or disbursed: (4) And that it shall and may be lawful to > and for all and every Person or Persons that shall or may he in any wise concerned so to do, to have free accel's unto, and view the said respective Books of Receipts and Disbursements at all Times when the chamberlain's Office is open, without any Fee or Reward to be taken or demanded for the View or inspection thereof: And that the Chamberlain of London for the Time being, before the End of Michaelmas Term in every Year, shall transmit, and upon his Oath deliver into the Receipt of the Exchequer, a true Copy or Duplicate of the aforesaid Books of Accounts, containing the Receipts and Disbursements of all Moneys which shall be raised and paid by or out of the said Imposition upon Coals, in the Year preceding, and ending upon the four and twentieth Day of June next before, there to be received Gratis by the proper Officer, ., and kept amongst the Records of the said Court; where it shall also be lawful for any Person or Persons,

who

Thomas Morris hiswater house,

water lane.

mincing lane

who shall be in any wise concerned so to do, to have Access thereunto, and to view and peruse the said Books of Accounts, without any Fee or Reward to be taken or received for the same.

XLI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the water house, called Mr. Thomas Morris his water house, formerly adjoining to London bridge, to be rebuilt upon the Place it formerly flood, with Timber, for the supplying the south iide of the City with Water, as it for almost this hundred Years hath done; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London may and shall open and enlarge a Street or passage called tvarer latie, leading from Fleet street to white friars dock by the River of Thames; as also open and enlarge one other Street or Passage to the said River from Cheapside through sopor lane to Thames street, and from the Three cranes So the Thames; and open and enlarge one other Street or Passage through mincing lane, by St. Dunstans in the East, to tbames street, near the customhouse; and to make the said Streets or Passages twenty-four Foot in Breadth, for the Conveniency of Trade, and better passage of Carts and other Carriages to and from the said Rivbr, giving Notice of what they shall herein resolve, to the Proprietors and Persons concerned, before the last of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty seven, and giving them Satisfaction for their Ground, according to the Rules and Directions of this Act for the enlarging of other Streets and Places.

XLIII A Scheme of Proportions and Scantlings for Stories, Walls and Timbers for the Building of lesser and larger Houses within the City of Lojidon.

Brick, Division Height of Thickness

of Story. Story. of Walk.

First Sort, being the least Houses Fronting By streets, Lanes, crv. Cellars 1 Story 2 Story Garrets Foot. 6 i99 To the first: Floor 2d 3^ Bricks. z I £ i £ 1 Bricks. 1 £ 1 £ 1 £ 1

Where the Springs prevent not

2 Second Sort, Houses Fronting all Streets, Lanes of Note, and River of Thames. Cellars 1 Story 2 Story 3 Story Garrets Not less in Height clear than 6| 1° 109Thickness of Walls in Front and Rere from the Foundation. To the first Floor 2d 3d 4th 2 5-2 2 I 1 I Thickness of Walls between House and House. 2 I 1 1 1 I i I

Third Sort, Houses Fronting all High Streets and Lanes of Note. 1 Story 2 Story 3 Story Story Garrets 10 10 |98 1 ift zd 3d 4th 2 £ 1 £ 1 £ £ i 2 1 I 1 £ 1 £ 1

XLIV scantlings of Timber for the first Sort of Houses.

Length.

Foot.

Thickness.

Foot. Inches. Inches.

t? .1 t m _ 5 Summers under — 15 — 12 — and — 8 i Joins to10 -- -3 —

Foi the Floors. I Wall pates- *- 5 S Garret floors 3

_ Foot at Foot 8 £ g inches.

1?. r C 5 Principal Rafters under i 5 J at Top — - 5}

S for the roof. { singleprafters -- -\ and 3 Inches.

and

ind

Depth.

Inches.

XLV Scantlings

XLV Scantlings of Timber for the other two Sorts of Houses

Breadth,

Inches.

I'or the Floors. {

Summers or Girders which bear in Length from -

Inches. Inches,

Principal Discharges upon Peers? 13 and 12 In the first Story in the Fronts j 15 -- i 3

Thickness.

Inches.

Binding Joists, with their Trimming Joists j 5 o^n*floors'!31 '° 'hcu

Inches. Inches.

( 10 — and — o '

Wall plates, or Raising Pieces and Beams ' S -- -6

I 7 -- 5

Inches, Inches.

of Oak in the &^}

Length.

Thickness,

2 For the Roof. '

Principal Rafters

Foot. Foot. Inches. 1 - Inches,

1 13 to 1*8 at foot attop n 7

18 — \ at foot 10? Q

I That top 8 S — 0

i _ s at foot 12? O I

21 — -24] attop9J 81-

1 -26 £ at foot 131

l24 zbi, attop9i 9

Length. Foot. Foot.

8 —

Purlines from to

Inches.

-9 — — 12 -

Inches. — 8 — 9

Foot. Inches. Inches.

Single Rafters

Scantlings for. Sawed Timber and Laths, usually brought out of the West Country, not less than

Single Quarters in Length — Double Quarters in Length Sawed Joists in Length --

Laths in Length -

Foot. -8 — S -

Breadth.

Inches.

3l -

- 4. -

-6 -

u

2 Stone

Where Stone is. used, to keep to these Scantlings.

Thickness.

Inches.

- 1

- 3s — 4

- 1 Quarter and -- of an Inch.

Inches.

- is fouarej

- 14 and 12

of Houses)) Peers between House and House- -- 18

- 12 and 8

Foot. Inches.

- 2 — 6 square — — square

{ Peers

First Sort J Middle or single Peers — j Double Peers between FT C door jambs and Heads

r Corner Peers -

2d and 3d j Middle or single Peers -

Sorts -- j Double Peers between House and House — — and 18

C door jambs and Heads -- 14 and 10.

Foot. Thickness.

3 wide? sidewalls- -- -? Bottom paved plain, and then

3 Scantlings j 3 wide? sidewalls- -- - Bottom paved plain

for Sewers ( 5 high j Arch -- — 1 Brick on end j 1 Brick an Edge circular.

XLVII General

Anno decimo nono Caroli II

A.D. 1667.

312 C 4.

XLVII General Rules.

Farther Provi jions relating hereto, zz Car, z.

14 s/iss, C 5. -43 Eliz2. 14-

ihow Stocks may be provided for setting the jrcor.on work.

Sickness and Diseases happening among Pri* iooers.

Removing of Prisoners.

2xon<

Devon.

N every Foundation within the Ground, add one Brick in Thickness to the Thickness of the Wall ain the Scheme) next above the Foundation, to be set off in three Courses equally on both Sides, z. That no Timber be laid within twelve Inches of the Forefide of the Chimney jambs, and that al Joists on the Back of any Chimney be laid with a Trimmer at six Inches Distance from the Back.

3. That no Timber be laid within the Tunnel of any Chimney, upon Penalty to the Workman foi every Default ten Shillings, and ten Shillings every Week it continues unreformed.

4. That no Joists or Rafters be laid at greater Distances from one to the other than twelve Inches, anc no Quarters at greater Distance than fourteen Inches,

5. That no Joists bear at longer Length than ten Foot, and no Angle Rafters at more in Length than nine Foot.

6. That all Roofs, window frames and cellar floors be made of Oak.

7. The tile pins of Oak.

8. No Summers or Girders to lie over the Head of Doors and Windows.

9.No Summer or Girder to lie less than ten Inches into the Wall j no Joists than eight Inches, and to be laid in Loam.

CAP. IV.

An Act for Relief of poor Pri Toners, and setting them on Work.

WHEREAS there is not yet any sufficient Provision made for the Relief and setting on Work of poor and needy Persons committed to the common Gaol for Felony and other Misdemeanours, who many Times perish before their Trial; and the Poor there living idly and unimployed, become debauched, ' and come forth instructed in the practice of Thievery and Lewdness (2) For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, with Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties at any their General Sessions, or the major Part of them then there assembled, if they shall find it needful so to do, may provide a Stock of such Materials as they find convenient for the setting poor Prisoners on Work, in such Manner and by suck Ways, as other county charges by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm are and may be levied and raised; to pay and provide fit Persons to oversee and to set such Prisoners on work; (3) and make such Orders for Accounts of and concerning the Premises, as shall by them be thought needful, and for Punishment of neglects and other Abuses, and for bestowing of the Profit arising by the Labour of the Prisoners so seton work, for their Relief, which shall be duly observed; and may alter, revoke or amend such their Orders from Time to Time. (4) Provided that no Parish be rated above sixpence by the Week towards the Premises, having respect: to the respective Values of the several Parishes.

II. And whereas sometimes by Occasion of the Plague, and other whiles by the great Number of prifo ners, great and infectious Diseases have happened among the Prisoners, whereby it hath come to pass sometimes that the Judges, Justices and Jurors have, upon Occasion of their Attendance at the Trial of Prisoners been infected, and many of them died thereof, and sometimes such Infection hath spread in the 1 Country (2) Forfome Remedy therein, be it by the same Authority enacted, That any Sheriff of the respective Counties having the Custody of the Gaol, or such Persons who have the Custody of the Gaol, with the Advice and Consent of three or more Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, 'niay, if they shall on Inquiry or Information find it needful, upon emergent Occasions in the respective Counties, provide other safe Places for the Removal of Tick or other Persons from and out of the ordinary and ufiml Gaols; (3) the same Places to be used and employed for the Reception and Custody of the Prisoners, to be by or according to their Order or Orders kept, ordered, disposed and conveyed to the Places appointed for the gaol delivery, in such and like Manner as such Prisoners ought to be kept, ordered, disposed and conveyed, in and from the common Gaols by the Laws and Statutes of the Land. Provided, no such Place be made Use of for the Purposes aforesaid, against the Good and freewill of the Owners thereof.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Bailiff and other Head Officer, or any other Person and Persons who have and hath the Custody of the common Gaol within any Corporation of this Kingdom and Dominion of Wales, shall by and with the Advice of three or more Justices of Peace within the said Corporation, whereof one of them to be of the Quorum, in Time of Infection, have the like Power and Authority for Removing his and their Prisoners into some other convenient Place within their jurisdiction as to them shall seem fit, during the Time of infection; and also to raise a Stock after the same Rates and Proportions, as is herein before allowed to and for the several Counties of this Kingdom.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, as followeth, (viz.) That whereas there is already provided a strong and sufficient Message in the Parish of Saint Thomas the Apostle near the City of Exon for the Purpose aforesaid, and one thousand Pounds more by certain Trustees, upon Proposals and Agreements made by them with certain Gentlemen, Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, who have also provided one thousand Pounds more, in order to purchase Lands of Inheritance for the good Purposes hereafter mentioned; (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said two thousand Pounds be laid out in Purchase of Lands of Inheritance, by Order of the generalsessions of the Peace hereafter at any Time to be held, in the Name of such Persons as by such Order shall be appointed.

(3) tlem.

3 t3

A.D. 1667. Anno decimo nono Caroli II C 5, 6.

(3) Item, That the said House, with the Grounds therewith enclosed, he had and used as a common Gaol and work house for the said County in Manner as is after expressed)) That an Overseer be therein placed by like Order, and by like Order be removable from Time to Time; which Overseer Thai 1 have the Charge, Custody and Government of the Prisoners to him committed, according to this at, and shall have fifty Pounds per Annum during the Execution of his Office, and ten Pounds per Annum for his Deputy; but shall therefore take no Fees for Receiving, Delivering or doing any other Service relating to the Prisoners, from or of any the said Prisoners(; (;,) That the said Justices by like Order from Time to Time shall and may, by Approbation of the Ordinary, provide and appoint some meet and discreet mini iter to read Divine Service according to the Orders of the Church of England, unto the Prisoners, at lead: four Days in the Week, That is to say, on the lord's Day, each Wednesday, and each Friday and Saturday, and oftener if the said Justices shall appoint, and to take Pains in instructing them each lord's Day at tlte least, for which they may allow him thirty Pounds per Annum or after that Rate, the Rest of the Profits to be for Repairing tlte House, and towards finding a Stock for to set the Prisoners on work. (6) Item,

That any Person charged with such Offence only for which Clergy is allowable, if so be he he needy and indigent, and not likely to maintain himself in Gaol, may by Warrant of the Justice or Justices of the Peace, to whom Jurisdiction. in that Behalf appertaineth, be committed to the said wcrk house in order to his Trial; (7) and if any Person shall be committed to the ordinary Gaol, who shall be or become so indigent, he may by warrant of three Justices of Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, be removed from the ordinary common Gaol to the said House; which Prisoners so committed or removed shall be in the Custody of the Overseer, and be ordered and demeaned in the said House, and conveyed to the Sessions or to the gaol delivery, by like Warrant, Way and Means, as the Prisoners in other Gaols by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are to be ordered and demeaned.

V. And because the said work house is distant from the ordinary common Gaol, the Prisoners by Order from the Sessions or gaol delivery may, in order to their Trials, be removed to the common Gaol, to be the more ready for their Trials. (2) Item, That the said Overseer shall give Security for the Stock, and be liable to such Regulations and Orders for Accounts and otherwise, as the Sessions shall from Time to Time make for setting the poor Prisoners on work there, which shall be obeyed and observed. That a convenient Stock be from Time to Time raised at the Charge of the County. (3) Item, That the said Ju

ftices of the County in Devon may put in ure all the Powers in this Act, as other Justices may in any other W County by Virtue thereof: 'hereto 2j

VI. Saving to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to every other Person and Persons, and Car. I. C an. their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all Rights, Titles, Claims and Demands whatso 5 tr.ssm. ever, into or out of the said Meffuaaes and Premises, as if this Act had never been made. ft, 8 & 9

IK 3. C 27.

II. fef tz JV. 3. C 19. 2 Ann fiat. 2. C 6, 5 Anne, 9.9 Geo. 1. c. 28. 11 Geo 1, C zz. 11 Geo. 2. c. 20. 16 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 17. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 28.

CAP. V.

An Act extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries, to the Principality of

Wales and the County Palatines.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effedhtal Proceeding 17 Car. 2. C 7,

upon distresses and Avoturics for Rents, Provision is made where any Plaintiff shall be nonsuit be

sore Issue joined in any Suit or Replevin, by Plaint or Writ lawfully returned, removed or depending in

any of the King's Courts at wi/hninster (z) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That the said Act, and all the Powers and Provisions thereby made for Causes of Replevins depending in his Majesty's Courts of Westminster, shall be extended and be of the same Force and Efficacy in all Clauses of Replevin, which are or shall be depending in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Courts of the Great Sessions of his Majesty's Principality of Wales, the Lancaster, Court of the Great Sessions or Assizes for the County Palatine of Chester, and the Court of Common Pleas Wales, for the County Palatine of Durham, as fully and as amply_for and during the Continuance of the said Act, Ctcfter" as if the said Courts had been mentioned therein'.

CAP. VI.

An Act for Redress of Inconveniences by Want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas or absenting themselves, upon whole Lives Estates do depend.

WHEREAS diverse Lords of Manors and others have used to grant Estates by Copy of Court roll Proof. for one, two or more Life or Lives, according to the Custom of their several Manors; and have 6 Anne

also granted Estates by Lease for one or more Life or Lives, or else for Years determinable upon one or 1 more Life or Lives; and it hath often happened, that such Person or Persons for whose Life or Lives such Estates have been granted, have gone beyond the Seas, or so absented themselves for many Years, that the Lessors and Reversioners cannot find out whether such Person or Persons be alive or dead, by Reason whereof such Lessors and Reversioners have been held out of Possession of their Tenements for many Years, after all the Lives upon which such Estates depend are dead, in regard that the Lrffors and Reversioners when they have brought Actions for the Recovery of their Tenements, have been put upon it to prove the Death of their Tenants, when it is almost impossible for them to discover the same Vol. III S I II For

314 C 7 — 12.

Anno decimo nono Caroli II

A.D. 1667.

Persons beyond the Seas, or ab Jentine. themselves for seven Year?.

Carihew 246.

What stall be a good Challenge to Jurors upon Trial of Lives in Being.

Proviso for Lands held by Lives of certain Traitors attainted.

Lroviso for per fans evicted by this the Persons not being dead

See 6 Ann. c. 18.

*roki.b extends to reverjior.ers after the Death of mi 'no's or married

pytiwcn,

K X P.

16 Car. z, C 5.

From this Place the subsequent acts are Did to be decimo nono & vicesimo c2r, di by the Stiie af the Roll.'

II. For Remedy of which Mischief so frequently happening to such Leftors or Reversioners, Be it enadl CD by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual an Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same That if such Person or Persons, for whose Life or Lives such Estates have been or shall be granted as aforesaid, shall remain beyond the Seas, or elsewhere absent themselves in this Realm, by the Space of fete; Years together, and no sufficient and evident Proof be made of the Lives of such Person, Persons respectively, in any Action commenced for Recovery of such Tenements by the Leftors or Reversioners; in ever such Case the Person or Persons upon whose Life or Lives such Estate depended, shall be accounted as na 1 turally dead; (z) and in every Action brought for the Recovery of the said Tenements by the leftors o Reversioners, their Heirs or Assigns, the Judges before whom such Action shall be brought, shall direct tli Jury to give their Verdict as if the Person so remaining beyond the Seas, or otherwise absenting himself were dead.

III. And be it further enacted, That in any such Action wherein the Life or Death of any such Person or Persons shall come in Question between the le/tor or Reversioner and the Tenant in possession, it shall and may be lawful for the lector or Reversioner to take Exception to any of the Jurors returned for thi Trial of that Cause, that the greatest Part of the Real Estate of any of such Jurors is held by Lease o: Copy for Lives, who upon Proof thereof shall be set aside as in Case of other legal Challenges.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act containec shall extend to any Lands held by the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons attainted of Treason for the horrid Murder of his late Majesty of Blessed Memory, who now conceal or hide themselves, which Land; are or have been vested in his Majesty, and are now "ranted to his Royal Highness the Duke of York, bui that the Course of Evidence heretofore used in such Cases shall be had and used; any Thing to the contrary in this Act notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be evicted out of any Lands or Tenements by Virtue of this Act, and afterwards if such Person or Persons upon whose Life or Lives such Estate or Estates depend, shall return again from beyond the Seas, or shall on Proof in any Action to be brought for Recovery of the same, be made appear to be living, or to have been living at the Time of the Eviction; that then and from thenceforth the Tenant or Leftee, who was outed of the same, his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall or may reenter, repoftefs, have, hold and enjoy the said Lands or Tenements in his or their former Estate, for and during the Life or Lives, or so long Term as the said Person or Persons upon whose Life or Lives the said Estate or Estates depend, shall be living; (zj and also shall upon Action or Actions to be brought by him or them against the leftors, Reversioners or Tenants in Possession, or other Persons respectively, which since the Time of the said Eviction received the Profits of the said Lands or Tenements, recover for Damages the full Profits of the said Lands or Tenements respectively, with lawful Interest for and from the Time that he or they were outed of the said Lands or Tenements, and kept and held out of the same by the said leftors, Reversioners, Tenants or other Persons, who after the said Eviction received the Profits of the said Lands or Tenements, or any of them reflectively, as well in the Case when the said Person or Persons upon whose Life or Lives such Estate or Estates did depend, are or shall be dead at the Time of bringing of the said Action or Actions, as if the said Person or Persons were then living.

CAP. VII.

An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal. Who may examine ami punish Offences and Disturbances committed by Seamen relating to the Navy. Imbezilling of Stores and Ammunition of the Navy. Encouragement of Mariners and Soldiers serving in the Fleet. Altered by 22 & 23 Car. z. C 23. §. 10. The Continuance of this Act for two Years, sv.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting the Sum of twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings, to the King's Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the present War.

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act for taking the Accounts of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned.

EXP.

CAP. X

An Act for Banishing and Disenabling the Earl of Clarendon. P R.

CAP. XI.

An Act to make Prize ships free for Trade.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation. Orders registered in the auditor's Office of the Receipt may be assigned. The Assignor may not revoke his Assignment. auditor's See. The Continuance of this Act. Continued by 11 & 12 W. 3. C 13. for seven Years from September one thousand seven hundred.

EXP.

CAP. XIII.

(An Act for settling Freedom and Intercourse of Trade between England and Scotland, Twelve Eneljjh olis, ja. n, Commissioners to meet some from Scotland, to treat concerning Liberty and Freedom of Trade. Who C 8. may suspend Penalties. The Agreement between them drawn into Writing, shall be of Force.

I

Anno Regni Caroli secundi Regis Angliie, Scotise, Francise & Hibernian, vicesimo.

IA T the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth Day of May, Ann? Dorn, one thousand six bun < notctl.aul cte ' r dred sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles, no dirtin^i n 1 by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, tic. on the Roll sso

' And there continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the sixth of February one thousand six a nev Seir'on'

' hundred sixty seven, Anno 20 Car. 2. and then held. From whence it is continued by Adjournment made the ninth Day of May one thousand LIX hundred sixty eight, to the eleventh Day of August next following.'

CAP. I.

An Act for raising three hundred and ten thousand Pounds, by an Impohtion on Wines and other Liquors.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for the better Payment of Moneys received for the Use of the Crown.

' TOR some Remedy of the great Abuses by Receivers, Reeves, Bailiffs, Collectors, and other Officers Abufa by Re ' Id and Persons, not making due Payment of Moneys and Duties received for his Majesty's Use, and in ceivcis. Bailiffs, detaining the same in their own Hands, for their private Lucre and Advantage; '(2) Be it enacted by the C

king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Officers and Ministers aforesaid, do use all Diligence to receive and gather the Moneys due to his Majesty, within their several and respective Receipts and Collections; and after the Receipt thereof, to answer and pay the same according to their respective Duties: (3) And that all and every the Person and Per Moneys received fons aforesaid, who having received the said Moneys, have not duly accounted, and thereupon paid so much ctf, the King's as by such Account rested due to his Majesty, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to such Person or M^Persons, and in such Manner as the same ought to be paid, and shall not pay the same as aforesaid before quer. the first Day of July, which shall be in the Xear of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty eight, shall from henceforth answer and pay to his Majesty, Damages after the Rate of twelve Pounds percent. The Penalty for by the Year, until the principal Moneys be fully accounted for and paid in, together with such Damages as Neglect, aforesaid, which shall be charged upon them in their Account, whereof they mail not be discharged until Payment made, as well of the said Damages, as principal Moneys, according to the true Meaning of this Act

II. And further, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who having received any Moneys or Duties due to the King's Majesty, shall not duly account for and pay the same according to the Course of the Exchequer, into the Receipt there, or to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid according to Law, within two Months next after the same shall have been so received, shall from thenceforth answer and pay to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Damages for all such Moneys and Duties, after the Rate of twelve Pounds percent, by the Year, for so long Time as the same shall be detained, or not paid, by the Judgement and Direction of the Court of Exchequer, without any Power of Abatement or Inilalment to be made or allowed for the same, or any Part thereof; (2) and Proceff to i>j that the Process of the said Court shall be forthwith awarded against all the said Persons, Bodies Politic awarded, and Corporate, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, chargeable with any of the said Moneys, for the speedy and effectual Levying thereof, with Damages for the same as aforesaid, according to the true Meaning of this Act; any other Law, Statute, Usage, Privilege or Pretence whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, _ That nothing herein contained shall extend to alter the Time or Way ofaccount Proviso for She

ing of any Sheriff within this Kingdom, for any Part of his Majesty's ancient Revenue, or other Profits riff's Accounts,

anciently collected or accounted for by the Sheriffs, or to make them liable to any new Penalty for the same.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Increafeand Preservation of Timber within the Forest of Dean. Scarcity of Timber. Ten thousand Acres in the forest of Dean to be enclosed. And one thousand Acres. Commi dinners may sell decayed Trees to make and maintain the said Enclosures. When and how much shall be laid open, and by what Authority. As much shall be enclosed anew as hath been so opened. Wood fit to be felled, must be viewed and marked by the Justices. The Penalty for cutting Wood contrary to this Act. So

S 1 2 rest:

Anno vicesimo Caroli II

A.D. 1668.

316 C 4 — 6.

rest Laws to be put in Execution. The enclosed Lands all re afforested. All Estates made out of it to any Person whatever, to be null and void. The King may restore a Game of Deer, but not above eight hundred. Proviso for Owners, Tenants and Occupiers. Former Offences remitted. Pannage shall be re enjoyed after Mich. 1687. And when and in what Manner all other Privileges. Proviso for the Inhabitants of St. Brerils to enjoy the Wood growing upon a Place called Hudnals. Miners Rights saved. Letters Patents for certain Woods and ironworks, laved. Proviso for Thomas Preston and Dame Mary Stanhope alaly-scot and other Lands of Sir Edward Villiers, excepted. Saving for Bamjlree Mainard. How far the Metes and Bounds of the Forest shall extend. Coal mines and Grindstone Quarries maybe leased.

PR.

CAP. IV.

An act for proceeding to Judgement on Writs of Error brought in the Exchequer,

j6 Cir.3. C 2. ' ?WHEREAS by a Statute made in the sixteenth Year of the King's most Excellent Majesty, it was enabled. That the not coming of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer, or either of them, at 31 Ed. 3. Stat, 1. C the Day of the Return of any Writ of Error to be sued forth by Virtue of the Statute made in the one C IZ* ' and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, shall not cause any Abatement ordifcon

' tinuance of any such Writ of Error; (2) but if both the Chief Justices of either Bench, or either of them, or any one of the said great Officers, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Treasurer, shall come to the Exchequer chamber, and there be present at the Day of the Return of any such Writ of Error, it shall be no Abatement or Discontinuance, but the 'Suit shall proceed in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if both the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer had come and been present at the Day and Place of the Return of any such Writ; (3) in which said Statute it is provided, That no Judgement shall be given in such Suit or Writ of Error, unless both the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer be present thereat.

' And whereas at this present Time there is no Lord Treasurer, and therefore by reason of the said Proviso Judgement may*n0 Judgement can be had in any Writ or Writs of Error, brought and yet depending, or to be brought, begivenin to the great Charges and Prejudice of his Majesty's Subjects, and Delay of justice: '(4) For Remedy writs of Error wherein, be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con "of fenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament assembled, That Judgement notwuhftandfn^ or may §'ven 'n any Suit, or Writ or Writs of Error now depending, or hereafter to be brought in the^absence of6 the Exchequer, in the Presence of the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, notwithstanding the the Lord Trea Vacancy of a Lord Treasurer, in such Manner as hath been accustomed when there was present the said surer. two great Officers; the said Proviso in the said Statute, or anything else therein contained, to the con

see^ann. C 16. trary in any wise notwithstanding.

which gives Costs

0» quasi ing Writ Q A 'P. VI

of firkor,

E k P. An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather, and Skins tanned or dressed. After the 23th of mars'

1668. all Sorts of Leather may be exported. The Continuance of this Act to 1675, {s'c. Further continued by i Annse, stat. 2. C 13.9 Annte, C 6.

CAP. VI.

An Act to regulate the Trade of Silk throwing.

Silk th row lug ebg rutted by a Bylaw.

//. C 21.

WHEREAS the Art of Working and Throwing of Silk (for many Years past giving Employment to the Poor of the Kingdom) hath of late been obstructecl, by reason that the present Master and Wardens, and fart of the assistants and Commonalty of the Trade, Art or Mystery of Silk throwers of the City of London, have endeavoured to put in Execution a certain Bylaw, by them made near forty Years since, restraining and stir.ting the Freemen of the said Company, that they shall not work with above the Number of one hundred and sixty Spindles at one Time, and the Assistants of the said Company with above the Number of two hundred and forty Spindles: Which is an Hindrance to the 1 Growth and Improvement of the said Art, and a Restraint to the working of Silks in this Kingdom, ' which is of late much improved, and to the Subsistence and Livelihood of many thousand poor Families, ' and puts the Traders in that Commodity upon 2 Necessity of using foreign Thrown silk.'

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled in Parliament, That the said b5r law is hereby void and null, and the said Company are hereby disabled from making any By lary for the future which le Number of Mills, Spindles or other Utensils to be employed by any of the Free

That same Bylaw made veij, and the Company disabled to make any such Restraint. ik winders or "Doublers offend -- any, to be committed to bri son.

13 & 24. Car, 2.

s s 6.

er or Doubler shall hereafter be ning, selling or detaining any

shall restrain or limit the

men of the said Company, in or about the said Art or Mystery,

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any sillc windi found faulty in unjustly, deceitfully or falsely purloining, itnbey.illing, paw Silk committed to his or their Trust, That then any Justice of Peace, Mayor, Bailiff or Chief Officer of any County, Liberty or Corporation, shall immediately upon Conviction by Confession of the Party, or upon the Oath of one Witness before any of the said" Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Officer, commit to Prison or to the House of Correction the Offender, till Satisfaction be given to the Party wronged or Punishment inflicted, ashy an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Regulating the Trade of Silk throwing, made this present Parliament, is directed and appointed 3 anything in the said Act contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Anno vicesimo Caroli II

C 7.

3*7

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Bylaw already made or hereafter to be made by the said Com Apprcmion., ny, shall or may limit or confine any Freeman of the said Company to take a less Number than three Var, ln

Apprentices at any Time. sat. X C 9. s 6 IV M. C 20. 6 & 7 JV. 3. C 18. 89W. 3. C 36.

9 Qco* r. C 8. 1 Geo 2» r. 17. 23 to a. f, 9S' 20. and 26 c?co* X C 21.

9 10 tit. $. r, 30 s'43. 6^/j/j. r. j9.

y7w; i relating I trr- 10y 2 6? AS

c7w. 2. C ac

CAP. VII.

An additional Act against the Importation of Foreign Cattle

WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parliament, intituled An All against Importing Cattle from, s cri. C z.

/ Ireland and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fiji) taken by Foreigners, amongst other Things, Provision was made against Importation of Cattle from Parts beyond the Seas: And it was thereby enacted.

That such Importation from and after the second Day of February which was in the Year one thousand rmporraiion of six hundred sixty six, was a public Nuisance, and should be so adjudged, deemed and taken to all Intents cjt>lcc from^bj*

and Purposes; (2) and that if any great Cattle, Sheep or Swine, or any Beef, Pork or Bacon (except*U"

for the necessary Provision of the respective Shijas or vessels in which the same should be brought, not ex 3 &e.ej.6.

posing the same to sr»ie) should from and after the said second Day of February, by any wise whatsoever, 19-

' be imported or brought from beyond the Seas into this Kingdom of, England, Dominion of Wales or 2 3 p II '

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, That then it should and miglvt.be lawful for any Constable, Tithing f, i',

' man, Headborough, church warden or Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, within their respective 7jzcar!i/c.?!»

' Liberties, Parishes or Places, to take and seize the same; (3) and keep the same during the Space of eight and forty Hours, in some public or convenient Place where such Seizure should be made;, within,

which Time, if the Owner or Owners, or any for them or him, should make it appear unto some Juf ' tice of the Peace of the same County where the same should so be seized; by the Oath of two credible witnesses, that the same were not imported from Ireland or from any other Place beyond the Seas not therein after excepted, after the said second Day of February, Then the same, upon the Warrant of such Justice of Peace, should be delivered without Delay; but in Default of fuel) Proof and Warrant, then 4, the same to be forfeited, one Half thereof to be disposed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the same shall befo sound or seized, the other to be to his or their own Use that should so seize the same.

4 II notwithstanding which Act, and the good Provision thereby, great Number of Cattle, Sheep and Swine, and great Quantities of Beef, Pork and Bacon, have since the Time limited by the said Act been Imported from Ireland and other Places beyond the Seas, as well in Foreign as English1 Ships and Vessels, iscar. s.

contrary to the good Intent of the said Act, and in Continuance of the said Nuisance and in high Contempt of the Authority of Parliament: (2) And diverse churchwardens, constables, Tithingmen and Overseers of the Poor living near the Sea, for their own private Lucre, having combined with the Own ers of such Cattle, Sheep, Swine, Beef, Pork and Bacon, Imported as aforesaid, or with their Agents,

have colourably seized, and afterwards privately and fraudulently sold the same at very low and inconfi derable Rates, to the said Owners or their Agents: (3) And other of the said Officers who have difehar 4 ^ed their Duties in the due Execution of the said Act, have been molested therefore, and several Actions,

Suits, Plaints and Informations have been brought and prosecuted against some of them in Counties and Places far distant from their Habitations, to their great Charge and Discouragement.' (4) For the Vindication therefore of the Authority of Parliament from such bold Affronts, and the Indemnifying as well of such Officers, who have faithfully endeavoured the Execution of the said Act (although they have not strictly pursued the same in every Circumstance) as of such other Person and Persons who have acted in t their Aid and Assistance, and for the better and further Suppression of the said Nuisance; (5) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That oarnrswh* all and every Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, church warden and Overseer jostle Poor, and every tveqji, ^other Person or Persons who have acted in or concerning the Seizure, Keeping, Detaining or Disposing of favlyarmless/ any Cattle, Sheep, Swine, Beef, Pork or Bacon, imported contrary to the said Act, after the said second Importation of Day of February, shall be and are hereby saved harmless and indemnified in that Behalf, against the Owner Tcon provided or Owners thereof at the Time of such Importation, rheir Executors and 'Administrators, and every other f 5* 6 Person or Persons claiming from, by or under their Gift, Grant or other Disposition, and against all and*'c' 2' 4v every Person and Persons to whom any fraudulent Sale hath been made after such Importation as aforesaid, and their and every of their Executors and Administrators.

III. And it is provided, and further enabled. That not only the Constables' and Officers above named, Any Person may

but every or any other Inhabitant or Inhabitants of or within the Liberties, Parishes and Places, where seise imported such Importation shall be made, shall ard may take and seize tile Cattle and Goods so imported, and after, an<t'j|'

such Seizure shall forthwith deliver or cause them to be delivered to the constable, Tithingman, Head Officer' '

church warden or Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, within the respective Liberties, Pa and Places aforesaid, to be kept, ordered and disposed in the Manner, and to the uses and Purposes in this Act and in the said recited Act or either of them mentioned and directed.

IV. And it is further enacted, That if no Seizure at all shall be made by the officers or Inhabitants, nor The Forfeiture any of them, within the Liberty, Parish or Place where such Cattle or Goods as aforesaid shall be first ini f ?Pch ported, then such Liberty, Parish and Place, and the Inhabitants thereof, neglecting to make such Seizure, for every Default shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, which shall be employed for the Use of the House of Correction within the County or Liberty where such Default of Seizure shall be; (2) and the Moneys so to be forfeited, and other the Penalties and Forfeitures which are to accrue to the Poor by Virtue of this Act and the said recited Act, or either of them, shall be accounted for to such Persons, at such

Times.,

glcft to feifc.

3i8 G. 7*

Anno vicesimo Caroli II

A.D. 1668.

Times; and in such Manlier, as the Overseers of the Poor are appointed to account by the Statute made in 43 Eliz. C 2. the threo and fortieth. year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Chapter the Second.

Ship, bringing V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle Cattle, C tro.r* and Apparel, In which any great cattle, Swine, Sheep, Beef, Pork or Bacon, from and after the four and b7fmfeft d "'al twentieth Day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and seven, shall he im seized and sold ported from Ireland, or any other Parts beyond the Seas, into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Beriuick upon Tweed, and out of which they or any of them shall be put on Shore there, shall be forfeited: (z) And that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, within the Space of one Year after such Importation, to take and seize the same Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle and Apparel, and to make Sale thereof to the best Advantage; and that one Half of the Moneys to be raised by such Sale shall be disposed of to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the same shall be so seized, the other Half to be to his or their Use that shall so seize the same: (3) And also that it shall and may be law -- full to and for any Justice of Peace of the County, or Chief Officer of the Port town in or near the Place where such Importation shall be made, or where any of the Cattle, Sheep, Swine, Beef, Pork or Bacon so imported shall be driven or brought, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of Peace or Chief Officer, to cause to be apprehended all and every the Mailers, Mariners and Seamen, having Charge of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel in which such Importation shall be made, (4) and all and every other Person and Persons acting or employed in the Landing, Driving, Attending on, or taking Care or Charge of the said Cattle, Sheep, Swine, Beef, Pork or Bacon imported as aforesaid, and them to commit

The Money raised thereby, one half to the Poor, the other to the Informer or Seifor.

The Seamen to be apprehended, and all others

sent touiecom to^common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three

mon Gaol.

If any Officer neglect to seise, another may take them and have the one

Trial in the County where the Cause of Action arises.

Months.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever and as often as it final] happen, either through any fraudulent Agreement or unfaithful Connivance of any Constable, head borough, Tithingman, church warden or Ovrrfeeref the Poor, or that it shall happen any other wise how jjavc incone soever, that any great Cattle, Sheep, Swine, Beef, Pork or Bacon, after the full Seizure of them, or any

Half, giving the them, by Virtue of the aforesaid Act, shall be driven, brought, carried into or found in any other Parish

other to the or Place than where the same shall be first seized, as aforesaid; then and so often, and, from Time to

Poor. Time, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Tithingman, Pleadborough, church warden or

Overseer of the Poor of every or any such other Parish or Place where such great Cattle, Sheep, Swine, Beef, Pork or Bacon shall be brought, driven or carried into; or sound, as aforesaid, to seize, take and dispose the same, and every or any of them as forfeited, the one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of such other Parish or Place where such Seizure shall be made, the other to the Use of such Officer or Officers who - shall seize the same, as aforesaid; other or former Seizure or Seizures in any other Parish or Parishes, Place or Places notwithstanding.

VII. andte.it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ablion, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information,

is or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Seizure or other '.Thing made or done, or to be made or done, by Virtue or Colour of this or the aforesaid Act; and upon the Trial of such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, it shall not be proved to the Jury that shall try

the same, that the Cause of such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, did arise within such County where such Action, Plaint, Suit or Information is laid and tried, the Defendant and Defendants shall be found Not guilty, without having Regard to any Evidence given by or for the Plaintiff, Informer or Prolocutor.«'

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ablion, Bill, Plaint, Suitor Information, 'hath been or shall he commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Seizure or other T hing done or made, or to be done or made, in Pursuance or Execution of this, or the aforesaid Act, such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, may plead the General Issue, and give this and the aforesaid Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence for their Excuse or Juflifieation: (z) And if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him in any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, as aforesaid, the Defendant shall have treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to the Defendant.

piovitoto irn

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to hinder the Importation of Cattle tfoin of Man rom !^'e ° f Man into this Kingdom of England, so as the Number of the said Cattle do not exceed six

hundred Head yearly, and that they be not of any other Breed than of the Breed of the Ife of jl/ian, and that they be landed at the Port of Chester, or some of the Members thereof, and not elsewhere.

X. And it is lastly enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and fraudulently conspire, considerate or agree together, to avoid or evade the Seizures or Forfeitures upon Importation of Cattle or Goods in this present Act particularly specified, and the same flirt] 1 put in Execution; then every such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully indicted or presented within one Year next after such Offence by him or them committed, and being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted at any Time after, according to the Laws of this Realm, shall incur the Dangers, Penalties, Pains and Forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the Statute of Provision and Pramunire, made in the sixteenth Ye, r of the Reign of King Richard the Second.

[General Issue.]

Defendant to feave tiebie Cells.

Confederacy to elude this act incurs a Prscmti

16 R, 2. C 5.

Further Prouj jlons concerning Caitle, 22 Car,

32 Car, 2. C 2, 3 IF. & M, C 8. 5 W, M, C 2. 31 Geo. 2. c. 40, and 32 Geo. 2. ct 11.

Anno vicesimo C a r o L i II

C 8. 319

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Taxing and aftefling of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level

of the Fens.

I

WHEREAS by an Act made in this nrefent Parliament, intituled, An Act for Settling the Dreining of the Great level of the Fens called Bedford Level; it is amongst other Things enacted, That the 1 Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the Corporation in the said Act mentioned, and by Virtue of the same from Time to Time to be elected and appointed, for the Time being, or any five or more of them ' (whereof the Governor and Bailiffs for the Time being, or any of them, to be two) should and might from thenceforth use the Power and Authority of Commissioners of Sewers within the said Great Level, and from Time to Time lay and impose Taxes upon the ninety five thousand Acres within the said Level in the said Act mentioned, for the Maintenance and Preservation of the same, as by the said Act appeareth: (2)

' And whereas since the making of the said Act, the Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Cor 1 poration, in Execution of the Power and Authority thereby to them given, have laid and imposed Taxes upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, for the Purposes by the said Act specified and appointed, where in they have proceeded by Way of an acre tax, at a certain Rate by the Acre, and have enforced the Payment of the same after that Manner, to the great Damage of diverse the Adventurers and Participants, for that the said ninety five thousand Acres are not only much different in the natural Richness and Barrenness of their Soil, but likewise some Parts of the said Lands are by frequent Inundations and otherwise, exceedingly pejorated and made' worse, and the Corn, Hay, Seed or Grass thereupon often destroyed; yet the same Lands are equally taxed with the belt and most secure Lands in the said Level, as aforesaid; (3) 1 the which said Way of raising dreining taxes upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, by an equal acre rate, hath been found to be inconvenient; and for Removing the said Inconvenience, the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, have of late proceeded to a more indifferent Way of Taxing of the said ninety five thousand Acres (that is to say) by a gradual acre tax of five Sorts, upon eighty-three thousand Acres, Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres, and by a Medium of the twelve thousand Acres, ' Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres) And to the Intent that Encouragement may be given for the better Improving of the said ninety five thousand Acres, and that a constant and certain Way of Taxing may be continued and established for the future;

II. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Taxes hereafter to be set and imposed for the Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, are hereby appointed and declared to be from Time to Time assessed and taxed by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or their Successors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor and Bailiffs for the Time being, or any of them, to be two, upon the said eighty-three thousand Acres, Part and Parcel of the said ninety five thousand Acres, by a gradual acre tax of different Sorts and Values of Lands; the which said gradual acre tax set as aforesaid, and all future' gradual acre taxes to be set, shall be received, paid and levied, with like Penalties in the said recited Act provided for nonpayment of Taxes, by such and the like Ways and Means as by the said recited Act are provided for to be paid and levied: (2) And the said eighty-three thousand Acres, for raising Taxes for Support and Maintenance of the Great Level, are not to be rated or assessed otherwise, or in any other Manner than according to a gradual acre tax of different Sorts and Degrees, and according to the respective Values and Rates thereby set and rated, and to be set and rated as is hereafter appointed, upon the said eighty-three thousand Actes; any Law, Statute or other Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the said twelve thousand Acres, Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, are by 1 the said gradual acre tax towards the raising of the Sum of six thousand one hundred and ten Pounds seven Shillings one Penny halfpenny, rated and taxed at one Shilling threepence per Acre, being a Medium, ' as if the whole ninety five thousand Acres had been rated, taxed and assessed at fifteen Pence per Acre; '(2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as a Tax of the said Sum of six thousand one hundred and ten Pounds seven Shillings one Penny halfpenny, shall be taxed and assessed upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, that then the said twelve thousand Acres shall be rated, taxed and assessed by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, and their Successors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor and Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, at fifteen Pence the Acre, and according to the Proportion, for the raising of any greater or lesser Sum than six thousand one hundred and ten Pounds seven Shillings one Penny halfpenny, to be received, paid and levied, together with Penalties, in such and the like Manner as the Taxes set and imposed, or to be set and imposed, upon the said eighty-three thousand Acres, are by this Act provided for to be received, paid and levied. (3) And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Taxes to be set by Virtue of this Act: hall be fetor imposed upon the said ninety five thousand Acres by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or their Successors, or any five or more of them, but upon wednesday, Thursday and Friday next after the first Sunday in April, or some or one of them three Days yearly for ever, and not at any other Time; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said recited Act it is amongst other Things provided, That Sales for non payment of Taxes shall be made at Ely upon tveelnesday and Thursday in ifintfun week yearly, the which Season is found to be inconvenient: '(z) For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after tvbitfun tveek, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty eight, those Days for Sales shall be altered and changed unto the said wednesday, Thursday and Friday after the said first Sunday in April in every Year and all other Matters and Things concerning

3 "'o

15 Car. i. C if.

Taxes imposed at a certain Rate per Acre,

Unequal and inconvenient.

Taxes hereafter to be afiefted by the Governor, Sec, by a gradual Acre tax.

fifteen pence per Acre.

Wednesday, Thursday and Friday after the first Sunday is April;

320

Sergeant at Mace to deliver pof tcrvm.

"Names of the Surveyors who are to di^eft the Land into fuven Sorts.

Their Oath.

Returns to be made and let up j.ublickty in the Fen qfnce.

'Parties grieved may appeal to Commissionera.

Their Power,

Sales for non 'nayroent, when so he made.

8. Anno vicesimo Carol i II A.D. 1668.

or relating to Sales for nonpayment of Taxes, by the said recited Act provided, are to land in Force, and to be observed; with this, that the Sergeant at Mace of the said Great Level, shall from Time to Time by Precept under the Seal of the Corporation of the said Great Level, in Nature of a Writ of Habere fac' pof fejionem at Chmmon, 'Lavy, deliver Po'fieflion unto such per.fori or Persons as hall purchase any Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres for nonpayment of Taxes,; and the said Governor, Bailiff's and confer vators are hereby required and authorised to affix the Seal of the said Corporation, from Time to Time, to such Precept or Precepts, at the charge of the Parties requiring the same; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

C V Andto the End that the said eighty-three thousand Acres may be more equally rated by a gradual Acre tax, not under the Number of seven Sorts, '(z) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Edward Partheridge Esq; Samuel Fortyey. Esq; Richard Mar lot Esq; John Mingay, Jonas Moore, Peter Diamond, Esquires; Anthojiy Hamon Esq; Mark le Pia Gent, and John Bridgman junior, Gent, or any three or more of them, are hereby constituted and appointed to be Surveyors and Valuers of the said eighty-three thousand Acres, and are within twelve, Months next after the passing of this Act to digest the said eighty-three thousand Acres into such Number of Sorts or Degrees of Land, not under the Number of fer ven Sorts and Degrees; and to rate and tax such Degrees, and digtft the same into Schedules in Writing, and make Returns thereof upon their Oaths into the Fen oflice; the Form of which laid Oathshall be, ( viz.)

' (3) I A. B: do swear, That according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge I will faithfully discharge thetruftof Surveying, Sorting, Dividing and Rating of eighty-three thousand Acres, Parcel of ninety five thousand Acres, within the Great Level of the Fens, known by the Name of Bedford Level, according to seven Degrees or more, as I upon my Oath hall think most equal.'

VT. The which said Oath the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer, and also to allow unto the said Surveyors or Valuers such reasonable Charges for their Travel and Pains therein as they shall think fit; (z) and after the same are returned into the said Fen office, and there publicly setup; which said Return is hereby enacted to be made within one Month after the Survey taken, and the several Valuations by the Parties to that Purpose by this Act appointed and agreed upon, and all Parties aggrieved may take their Exceptions within thirty Days next after the same are setup; and within forty Days next after such Exceptions taken, may appeal for Relief unto the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any five or more of them, for altering the said Schedules in the Rates and Values complained of, so as the Parties appealing shall prosecute the said Appeal within the said forty Days, and not at any Time after: (3) And in case the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, hall not within the said forty Days relieve the said Parties grieved, or if the said Parties hall not be falisfied with the Determination of the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, That then the said Parties may appeal unto Sir, Henry North Bart. Sir Levinus Bennet Bart. Sir Robert Brook of Yoxford Knt. Sir Edmond Pooley Knt. Henry Williams, Robert Appreece, Richard Nayler, Humphrey Orme, Moryis Trejhayi, Laurence Oxhorough, picnry Farrcr junior, Edward Barber, Matthew ivren, Tloomas Marsh, Henry etitch Doctor of Laws, Thomas Steward, Anthony Fisher, matthiastaylcr, John Towers, Esquires, and Barrage Martin Gent, or any three or more of them, who are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners of Appeal to hear and determine such Complaints, and to give Relief therein as they hall see Cause, and to award Costs to cither Parties as they shall see Cause; the which said Costs may be recovered by Action of 1 Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvejhr.injier, wherein no Essoin or Wager of Law shall be allowed; which said Appeals to the Commissioners shall be duly prosecuted by the said Parties grieved, within two Months next after the Expiration of the forty Days, and not at any Time after: (4) The which said Schedules, with all the Alterations, if any shall be made by the said Corporation, wherewith the Parties shall rest satisfieff, or by the Determination of the said Commissioners of Appeal, are herebyl confirmed, and shall be a constant Rule and Foundation for the Rating and Taxing of the said eighty-three thousand Acres for the future Maintenance and Preservation of the Works made and to be made within or without the said Great Level of the Fens; (;,) And that the said Governor, bailiffs.and Conservatofs, nor their successors, norany of them, hall tax or afiefs the said eighty-three: thousand Acres otherwise than by and according to the said Schedules, and.to.be returned or confirmed as aforesaid. (6) And it is declared, That the said twelve thousand Acres, Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, hall be rated and taxed by a Medium towards all Taxes hereafter to be laid, as by the said 'Fax made the said twentieth Day of Jure is provided, and not otherwise.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That a Tax of the said Sum of six thousand one hundred and ten Pounds seven Shillings one Penny, halfpenny, shall and may be fct by the said Governor, Bailiffs and confer vators, or any five.or more of them, in whitsun week.next, upon, the said eighty-three thousand Acres, according to the said gradual Acre tax of five Degrees, upon the said twelve thousand Acres, at fifteen Pence per acre; and for nonpayment shall and may be levied by Sales on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, after the said sir ft Sunday in April then next following; and that from thenceforth all future Taxes shall be laid and imposed upon the said eighty-three thousand Acres by a gradual acre tax, not under seven Degrees, and twelve thousand Acres, in such Manner and Form as by this Act is provided, and not otherwise: '

And whereas Sir Miles Sandys the Elder, and Sir Miles Sandys the Younger, were Adventurers and Parti cipants with Francis late Earl of Bedford in the said Level, and had an Interest in several Shares, Lets and Proportions, in the said Great Level; the Right, title.and Interest in great Part, of which said Shares

and Lots, were, as appears by Indenture bearing Date the twelfth, Day of June in, the first Year of his now majesty's Reign, made between Sir Miles Sandys the Younger, of the one Part, and Thomas Sandys i Esq; and Robert Sandys Clerk, Humberstone marjhefq; Samuel Spalding Gent. Wflliam tfolfon Clerk, and

John

Anno vicesimo Caroli II

C 8. 32£

' John Kirk, of the second Parr, and Samuel Sandys of Ombcrfcy, Esq; on the third Part, settled in several

therein named, in Trust for the Payment of all such Taxes as should be due for or in respect of the Paid Lands mentioned in the said Indenture, and after in Trull for the Securing of the said Samuel Sandys Esq; from all such Debts as he the said Samuel Sandys flood engaged for the proper Debts of the said Sir Aides Sandys the Elder, and Sir Miles Sandys the Younger: Since which said Indenture so had and

made, the said Samuel Sandys the Elder has paid great Sums of Money for and towards the Satisfaction of the said Debts of Sir Miles Sandys the Elder, and Sir Aides. Sandys the Younger, and yet hath reaped no Benefit by Virtue of the said Deed of Trull so as aforesaid made for his Security, although by an Act made by this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for settling the Drcining of the Great Level of the Fens, called 15 Car. %. C t. ' Bedford Level, the said Samuel Sandys ought to have had a Conveyance of the Shares and Lots mentioned in the said Indenture: But in regard the said Samuel Sandys Esq; nor any in Trull for him could procure any Conveyance, which hath proved very prejudicial to the said Samuel Sandys the Elder; '

VIII. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all the said Lots and Shares in the said Indenture mentioned, (except only such Lands of the said Half Share as were 1 C dly sold by Sir Aides Sandys the Elder, or Sir Miles Sandys the Yourig r, for full and valuable. considerations, and such of the said two Shares which have been sold for the Payment of Taxes or Debts, in pursuance of the said Indenture, by the said Sir Aides Sandys and the Trustees. parties.to the said Indenture) are hereby veiled and settled in Samuel Sandys the Younger, Esq; and Edwin Sandys Gent. Sons of the said Sa Lands settled muel Sandys the Elder, their Heirs and Assigns, freed and discharged from all Manner of Taxes whatsoeverur°n Samuel to the L itne of the Passing this Add; And by the Authority aforesaid; jthe Freehold and Inheritance of the said Lots and Shares aforesaid, except before excepted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be in the said &?- Taxes muel Sandys the Younger and Edwin Sandys, their Heirs and Assigns for ever; nevertheless, the said Shares and Lots hereby veiled shall be liable to the Payment of the Debts aforesaid, and to all Powers and jurisdictions, together with the Residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, as the same are subject and liable by the said recited Act, for the Future, and of all such Taxes and Penalties as shall be hereafter assessed of laid for the Preservation of the said Great Level, in such Sort and Manner as the eighty-three thousand'

Acres, Parcel of the ninety five thousand. Acres, shall be affcited and taxed; any Law, Statute or Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and Sales for non every of the Sale or Sales made, agreed or contracted for, for nonpayment of Taxes of any of the Lands payment of

of the said Sir Miles Sandys the Elder, or Sir Aides Sandys the Younger, or the said Samuel Sandys the El 'jvj'0 e der Esq; by the Governors, Bailiffs and Conservators, constituted and elected by 'Authority of an a.61 of an s' 1'this present Parliament, intituled An act for settling the Dreining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, by Virtue or Colour of the said at, is, are and shall be null and void; and that the said Lands sold by the said Governors, Bailiffs rnd Conservators, (except before excepted) are and shall be veiled and settled by this present AR, in the said Samuel Sandys the Younger and Edwin Sandys, their Heirs and Assigns, freed and discharged of and from all Taxes laid by the said Governors, Bailiffs and Conservators; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And to the end the said Samuel Sandys, and Edwin Sandys may have the Effect and Benefit hereby in

them, and that the Occupiers and Possessors of the said Shares and Lots vested in them the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys as aforesaid. nor by their continuing in Possession, and Neglect of

paying the Taxes hereafter to be impeded on the said shares and Lots, or any Part of them, cause the same to be forfeited and sold for nonpayment of the respective Taxes that shall become due for the same; '

(2) Be. it therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Occupier or pof fellor of any the said Shares, or Lots, in the' said Deed of Trull mentioned as aforesaid, or any Part of them, pretending to claim under the said Deed of Trull or otherwise, that shall refuse to deliver or yield up the Possession of such Part of the said Shares or Lots, to them the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, or their Assigns, and shall not duly pay the Taxes hereafter to be imposed on the same, before our ladyday

one thousand six hundred sevenly one; That ihen the Sergeant at Mace for the Time being, attending the Serjeant at Mace said Corporation, is hereby authorised and empowered by Precept under the seal of the Corporation of the' to remove or laid Great Level (who are hereby required to grant and issue out the same) in the Nature of a W rit of cupants not pay Habere facias possessionern at the common-law, to deliver unto and put them the said Samvel Sandys and Ed !"s raxes win Sandys, their Heirs or Assigns, in the quiet and peaceable Possession of such Shares and Lots or any Part of them; and all and every such Occupier or Occupiers, Possessor or Possessors thereof, of r.nd from the same to ejedt, expel and amove; They the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, upon reasonable Notice, first paying or tendring such Taxes as shall become due for the same, from the i irne of the Faffing this Act cne Month before the next Day of Sale for nonpayment of such Taxes hereafter to be impelled; which said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, and their Heirs, are thereupon hereby afflually vested in the same.

XI. and whereas the said several Shares and Lots of the said ninety five thousand Acres, herein before veiled and settled in the said Samuel Sandys the Younger and Edwin Sandys, and their Heirs as aforesaid

to have been conveyed unto the said Samuel Sandys the Elder, or his Trustees, by the said Governor,

Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Corporation, by Virtue of the said before mentioned Act, as in an^l 4 by the same they were required and directed, which they refused to do, whereby the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof have not been paid to, nor could be received by the said Samuel Sandys the Elder, or his Trustees, or by any other by, to or for his or their Use; '(z) Be it therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys hall and are hereby intituled to the said Rents, issues and Profits of the said Shares and Lots, since the passing of the said recited Act, which have not really been paid to the said Corporation for Taxes, or to the said Samuel Sandys the Elder, and

Vol. III T t'the

the Occupiers r.nd Possessors thereof are hereby appointed to pay the same accordingly; and in Default of Payment thereof or of any Part thereof, they the said Samuel Sanclys and Edwin Sandys are hereby authorised and empowered to sue for, and.b3r Virtue of this Act shall recover the same, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall he allowed, and shall likewise have their Costs of Suit expended therein; anything herein to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after the said Edwin and Samuel Sandys shall have recovered and received 'Satisfaction for the mean Profits, or any Part of them. That then they, their Heirs and Assigns, shall pay so much of the said Arrears of the find gradual Acre tax imposed upon the said respective Lands, proportionably to what they shall receive, and no more.

piov'.so fortho

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whereas several Parcels of the mns Lord Cal said ninety five thousand Acres ought to have been conveyed to Thomas Lord Culpeper or his Trustees, by pel>cr. the Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Corporation, by Virtue of the said before recited

act, as in and by the same they were required and directed, which they delayed to do, whereby the Rents, Mues and Profits thereof have not been paid to, nor could be received by the said Thomas Lord Culpeper or his Trustees; the said Thomas Lord Culpeper and his Trustees shall and are hereby intituled to the said Rents, ilpues and Profits of the said Parcels, since the passing of the said recited Act, which have not been really paid to the Corporation for Taxes, or to him or them, and the Occupiers and Possessors thereof are hereby required to pay the same accordingly; and in Default of Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, he the said Thomas Lord Culpeper and his Trustees, are hereby authorised and empowered to fuc for, and by Virtue of this Act shall recover the same, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and shall likewise have their Costs of Suit expended therein; anything to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Anno Regni Carol i II Regis Anglife, Scotias, Francise & Hibernise,

vicesimo secundo.

*It is the eleventh in former Editions

16 Car. 2, C 4.

T the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth Day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and there continued by several Prorogations, to the fourteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred sixty nine. From whence it was continued by Adjournment made the twenty second April one thousand six hundred seventy, to the twenty-fourth Day of October following.'

CAP. I.

An Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles.

1 C R providing further and more speedy Remedies against the growing and dangerous Practises of seditious Sectaries and other disloyal Persons, who under Pretence of tender Consciences have or may at their Meetings contrive Insurrections (as late Experience hath shewn)(2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That if any Person of the Age of sixteen Years or upwards, being a Subject of this Realm, at any Time after the tenth Day of May next shall be present at any Assembly, Conventicle or Meeting, under Colour or Pretence of any exercise of Religion, in other Manner than according to the Liturgy and pradhce of the Church of England, in any Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Ti 'ales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, at which Conventicle, Meeting or Assembly, there shall be five Persons or more assembled together, over and besides those of the same Houftiold, if it be in a House where there is a Family inhabiting; or if it be in a House, Field or Place where there is no Family inhabiting, 1 hen where any five Persons or more are so assembled as aforesaid; shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Limit, Division, Corporation or Liberty, wherein the Offence aforesaid shall be committed, or fender? null be for the Chief Magistrate of the Place where such Offence aforesaid shall be committed, and lie and they are convicted. hereby required and enjoined, upon Proof to him or them respectively made of such Offence either by

Confession of the Party or Oath of two Witnesses, (3) (which Oath the said Justice and Justices of the Peace, and Chief Magistrate respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer) or by notorious Evidence and Circumstance of the Fast, to make a Record of every such Offence under his or their Hands

p., and Seals respectively: Record so made as aforesaid, shall to all Intents and Purposes be in Law taken

the first offence! ard assuc ged to be a full and perfect Conviction of every such Offender for such Offence; and thereupon

The Record amt the said Justice, Justices and Chief Magistrate respectively, shall impose on every such Offender so convict Conviction to be as aforesaid, a Fine of five Shillings for such first Offence; which Record and Conviction shall be certified returned to the by the said Justice, Justices or Chief Magistrate, at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence was committed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, shall at any Time again commit the like Offence or Offences contrary to this Act, and be thereof in Manner aforesaid convicted; such Offender so convictof suchlike Offence or Offences, shall for every such Offence incur the Penalty of ten Shillings; (2) which Fine and Fines for the first and every other Offence

Conventicles,

C forbidden after the io'h. of May io see 1 W. & M, Sefi. 1. C is. How the Of

nexf Quarter sessions.

The Penalties for the second Offence.

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II C r. 323

fence shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's goods and Chattels; or in Case of the Poverty of such Offender, upon the Goods and Chattels of any other Person or Persons who shall be then convicted The Penalty in Manner aforesaid of the like Offence at the same Conventicle, at the Discretion of the said Justice, Ju !'f'v 10 b«lc ffices or Chief Magistrate respectively, so as the Sum to be levied on any one Person in Case of the Poverty vlc<! of other Offenders, amount not in the Whole to above the Sum of ten Pounds, upon Occasion of any one Meeting as aforesaid: And every Confrable, Headborough, Tithingman, churchwardens and Over confublcs, rt seers of the Poor respectively, are hereby authorised and required to levy the same accordingly, having first to levy the same, received a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justice, Justices or Chief Magistrate respectively an' Pl'p', 0 the so to do; (4,) the said Moneys so to be levied to be forthwith delivered to the same Justice, Justices or Chief Magistrate, and by him or them to be distributed, the 011c third Part thereof to the Use of the King's Ma How the penal jesty, his Heirs and successors, to be paid to the High Sheriff of the County for the Time being in Mantic, nre to be ner following; that is to say, the Justice or Justices of Peace shall pay the same into the Court of the redivided, spective Quarter sessions, which said Court shall deliver the same to the Sheriff, and make a Memorial on Record of the Payment and Delivery thereof, which said Memorial shall be a sufficient and final Discharge to the said Justice and Justices, and a Charge to the Sheriff, which said Discharge and Charge shall be certified into the Exchequer together, and not one without the other: And no Justice shall or may be que certificate into ftioned or accountable for the same in the Exchequer or elsewhere, than in the Quarter sessions: the Exchequer, third Part thereof to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and the other third Part thereof to the Informer and Informers, and to such Person and Persons as the said Justice, Justices or Chief Magistrate respectively shall appoint, having regard to their Diligence and Industry in the Discovery, dispersing and punishing of the said Conventicles.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall take upon him to The Penalty of Preach or Teach in any such Meeting, Assembly or Conventicle, and shall thereof be convicted as afore ruch as preach said, shall forfeit for every such first: Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied in Manner aforesaid or teach in a upon his Goods and Chattels; (2) and if the said Preacher or Teacher so convicted be a Stranger, and his Conventicle. _. Name and Habitation not known, or is fled and cannot he found, or in the Judgement of the Justice, Ju How to be levied (Ices or Chief Magistrate, before whom he shall he convicted, shall be thought unable to pay the same, the and disposed. said Justice, Justices or Chief Magistrate respectively, are hereby empowered and required to levy the same

by Warrant as aforesaid upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Persons who shall be present at the lame Conventicle; anything in this or any other Act, Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Money so levied, to be disposed of in Manner aforesaid(; (;,) if such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, shall at any Time again commit the like Offence or Offences contrary to this Act, and be thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, then such Offender so convicted of suchlike Offence or Offences, shall for every such Offence incur the Penalty of forty Pounds, to be levied and disposed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall wittingly and xtie Forfeiture willingly suffer any such Conventicle, Meeting or unlawful Assembly aforesaid, to be held in his or her of such as fufier House, out house, Barn, Yard or Backfule, rind be convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit the Conventicles in Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied in Manner aforesaid upon his or her Goods and Chattels; or in Case their houses. of his or her Poverty or Inhability as aforesaid, upon the Goods and Chattels of such Persons who shall be convicted in Manner aforesaid of being present at the same Conventicle; and the Money so levied to be disposed of in Manner aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall by any Clause Praviso, of this Act be liable to pay above ten Pounds for any one Meeting, in regard of the Poverty of any other Person or Persons.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases of this Adr, where the Penalty or Sum 4tlt; es maybe charged upon any Offender exceeds the Sum of ten Shillings, and such Offender shall find himself aegriev and to whm, edit shall and may be lawful for him within one Week after the said Penalty or Money charged shall be and in what paid or levied, to appeal in Writing from the Person or Persons convicting, to the Judgement of the Justices Case

of the Peace in their next Quarter sessions; (z) to whom the Justice or Justices of the Peace, Chief Mar

gistrate or Alderman, that first: convicted such Offender, shall return the Money levied upon the Appellant,

and shall certify under his and their Hands and Seals the Evidence upon which the Conviction past, with the whole Record thereof and the said Appeal: (3) Whereupon such Offender may plead and make Defence,

and have his Trial by a Jury thereupon: (4) And in Case, such Appellant shall not prosecute with effect,

or if upon such Trial he shall not be acquitted or Judgement pass not for him upon his said Appeal, the said

justices at the Sessions shall give treble Costs against such Offender for his unjust Appeal: (cj And no other

Court whatsoever shall intermeddle with any Cause or Causes of Appeal upon this Act, but they shall be

finally determined in the Quarter sessions only.

vil. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Delivery of such Appeal as aforesaid. Appellant fb en. the Person or Persons Appellant shall enter before the Person or Persons convicting, into a Recognisance, ter ir.to a He. to prosecute the said Appeal with Effect: (2) Which said Recognisance the Person or Persons convicting c0£ni2ance* is hereby empowered to take, and required to certify the fa, me to the next Quarter sessions: (3j And in Case no such Recognisance he entered into, the said Appeal to be null and void.

VIII. Provided always, That every such Appeal shall be left with the Person or Persons so convicting as aforesaid, at the Time of the making thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice, Justices of the Peace and [u/b.ces of Peace'

Chief Magistrate respectively, or the respective Constables, Headborough and Tithingmen, by Warrant confiatles, ' from the said Justice, Justices or Chief Magistrate respectiv eiy, shall and may with what Aid, Force and upon lie tufa), Affiilance they shall think fit, for the better execution of this Act, after Refusal or Denial to enter, break "ar ireal; open, and enter into any House or other Place, where they shall be informed any such Conventicle as afbiea oorf*.

said is or shall be held, as well within Liberties as without;. (z) and take into their Custody die Persons

T t z there

C r.

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

Lieutenants, i depaty lieute rants and Coo >nifiionated Officers of the Militia, must dif prrfe Conventicles either with Horse or Foot,

Proviso for Peers of the real.n,

The Penalty of all Justices of Peace, Con (tables and other Officers, Civil and Military, that omit their Duty in performing this at.

All Persons in demn fied that put this Act in Execution.

Th's Act to be interpreted most beneficially for flic supprtihng Convenlicks.

Offenders to be prosecuted within thd ee Months after the Offence.

Aldermen within London to hive the same Power there as Justices of Peace.

Feme Covert,

Peers of the Realm.

Proviso for the King's Supremacy,

A. d.1670.

there unlawfully assembled, to the Intent they may be proceeded again! according to this act: (3) And that the Lieutenants or Deputy lieutenants, or any Commissionated Officer of the Militia, or other of his Majesty's Forces, with such Troops or Companies of Horse and Foot, and also the Sheriffs, and other Magistrates and Ministers of Justice, or any of them, jointly or severally, within any the Counties or Places within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, with such other Assistance as they shall think, meet, or can get in Readiness with the soonest, 011 Certificate made to them respectively under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, of his par (icular Information or Knowledge of such unlawful Meeting or Conventicle held or to be held in their respective Counties or Places, and that he with such Assistance as he can get together, is not able to suppress and dissolve the same, shall and may, and are hereby empowered and enjoined to repair unto the Place where they are so held, or to be held, and by the best Means they can to dissolve, dissipate or prevent all such unlawful Meetings, and take into their Custody such and so many of the said Persons so unlawfully assembled as they shall think fit, to the Intent they may be proceeded again! according to this Act.

X Provided always, That no dwelling house of any Peer of this Realm, where he or his Wife shall "then be resident, shall be sea rched by Virtue of this Act, but by immediate Warrant from his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or in the Presence of the Lieutenant, or one Deputy lieutenant, or two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum of the same County or Riding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, Headborough, titli ing uan, church warden or Overseer of the Poor, who shall know, or be credibly informed of any such Meetings or Conventicles held within his Precincts, Parish or Limits, and shall not give Information thereof to same Justice of the Peace, or the Chief Magistrate, and endeavour the Conviction of the Parties acr cording to his Duty; but such Constable, Headborough, Tithingman, church warden, Overseers of the Poor, or any Person lawfully called in Aid of the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, shall wilfully and wittingly omit the Performance of his Duty, in the Execution of this Act, and be thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, he hall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied upon his Goods and Chattels, and disposed in Manner aforesaid: And that if any Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate shall wilfully and wittingly omit the Performance of his Duty in the Execution of this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; the one Moiety to the use of his Majesty, the other moiety to the Use of the Informer; to be recovered by Action, Suit, Bill or Plaint, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall lie.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person be at any Time sued for putting in Execution any of the Powers contained in this Act, otherwise than upon Appeal allowed by this Act, such Person shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; (2) and if the Plaintiff be nonsuit, or a Verdict pass for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff discontinue his Action, or if upon Demurrer Judgement be given for the Defendant, every such Defendant shall have his full treble Costs.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all Clauses therein contained, shall be construed most largely and beneficially for the suppressing of Conventicles, and for the jur ftification and Encouragement of all Persons to be employed in the Execution thereof; (2) and that no Record, Warrant or Mittimus to be made by Virtue of this Act or any Proceedings thereupon, shall be reversed, avoided, or any way impeached by reason of any Default in Form. (3) And in Case any Person offending again! this Act, shall be an Inhabitant in any other County or Corporation, or fly into any other County or Corporation after the Offence committed, the Justice of Peace or Chief Magistrate before whom he shall be convicted as. aforesaid, shall certify the same under his Hand and Seal, to any Justice of Peace or Chief Magistrate of such other bounty or Corporation wherein the said Person or Persons are Inhabitants or are fled into; (4) which said Justice or Chief Magistrate respectively, is hereby authorised and required to levy the Penalty or Penalties in this Act mentioned, upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, as fully as the said other Justice of Peace might have done, in Case he or they had been Inhabitants in the Place where the Offence was committed.

XIV. Provided also, That no Person shall be punished for any Offence again! this Act, unless such Offender be prosecuted for the same within three Months after the Offence committed. (2) And that no Person who shall be punished for any Offence by Virtue of this act, shall be punished for the same Offence by Virtue of nny other Act or Law whatsoever.

XV. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Alderman of London for the Time being, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, shall have (and they and every of them are hereby empowered and required to execute) the same Power and Authority within London and the Liberties thereof, for the examining, convidiing and punishing of all Offences within this Act committed within London and the Liberties thereof, which any Justice of Peace hath by this Act in any County of England, and shall be fuhjed! to the same Penalties and Punishments, for not doing that which by this Act is directed to be done by any Justice of Peace in any County of England.

XVI. Provided, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Person offending and convicted as aforesaid, be a Feme Covert, cohabiting with her Husband, the Penalties of five Shillings and ten Shillings, so as aforesaid incurred, shall be levied by Warrant as aforesaid, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Husband of such Feme Covert.

XVII. Provided also, That no Peer of this Realm shall be attached or imprisoned by Virtue or Force of this Act; anything, Matter or Clanfe therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided also, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to invalidate or avoid his Majesty's Supremacy in Ecclesiastical Affairs; (2) but that his Majesty and his Heirs and Successors may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, exercise and enjoy all Powers and Authority

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II.

C 2 — C

rity in Ecclesiastical Affairs, as fully and as amply as himself or any of his Predecessors have or might have done the same; anything in this Act notwithstanding.

325

CAP. II.

An Act for Repairing of the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth. A Rate imposed upon Sea coals, Wheat, pr. and EXP; Rye, Barley, Malt, for ten Years towards the Repair of Yarmouth Haven and Pier. Bailiffs, Aldermen and Burgesses there may appoint Collectors of the said Rate. Commissioners appointed to have In 29 Car, 2. C 10.. speftion of the Receipts and Disbursements of all fuel) Moneys. When and by whom to be appointed.

The Commissioners Power. Allowance to the Collectors, Receivers, C Collectors may at (easonable

Times enter Ships to see what Goods are there. And for nonpayment of the Rate, distrain upon the said Ship, Y. pjftresses to be sold. What i s exempted from Payment of the said Duty. Ten Persons, Geo. r C IO

to be chosen to contract with Workmen for the Repair of the Haven. In Default of such contract, who shall take Care of the said Reparations. The Continuance of this act for ten Years.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting unto his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar, imported between the EXP. four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy eight.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the settling the Imposition on Brandy.

WHEREAS by two Acts made in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's reign, and confirmed by this lacar.a. C at. present Parliament', there was laid upon every Gallon of Spirits, made of any Kind of Wine or la cars. c. 24* Cyder imported, the R. If and Duty of fourpence, namely, by each of the said Acts two pence: And upon every Gallon of trong water perfectly made, imported from beyond the Seas, the Rate and Duty of eight pence; (z) m.d. whereas some Doubts have been made and raised concerning a certain Liquor imported from beyond the Seas, called Brandy, whether the same Should pay the Rate and Duty laid by the said acts upon Spirits j made of any Kind of Wine or Cyder imported, or the Rate and Duty thereby laid upon strong water perfectly made, imported from beyond the Seas

II. Be it therefore declared by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Liquor called Brandy was at the Time of making and confirming the Brandy and' said acts, and is a strong water peifeftly made, and being imported from beyond the Seas, was and is s'ron='"'at, er' charged and chargeable in and by the said acts, with the Rate and Duty of eight pence per Gallon, let the fall

and imposed in and by both the said acts upon strong water perfectly made and imported from beyond the Acts.

Seas, and was not, nor is not chargeable with the Rate and Duty of fourpence only per Gallon by the said acts set and imposed upon Spirits made of Wine or Cyder imported.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in regard it doth not appear that the Rate or Duty eight pence perr

of eight pence per Gallon was by his Majesty's Commissioners, Farmers or other Officers in that Behalf net de claimed or demanded by Virtue of the said acts before the first Day of November in the Year of our Lord qje first'of No one thousand six hundred sixty and six. That no Person or Persons, who have imported any Brandies before weber, that Time, shall be charged or chargeable with any more than the Rate and Duty of fourpence per Gain, perf.m be lon for any of the said Liquor called Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas before the salt first Day of fwe that charge -- November in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and six; anything in the said acts, or in able for more. this present act, to the contrary notwithstanding. ^nc/0111"

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Penalty inflicted by the two aforesaid or any how

other Act or Acts of Parliament, for nonpayment of the said Duties since the first Day of November one ald when tc°be thousand six hundred sixty and six, shall be levied upon any Person now in arrear, until the said Person foin iev.ed. arrear shall upon Demand to be made after the pairing of this Act, refuse to pay the said Duties, or to secure Fartfje/.

the same to be paid within three Months after such Demand; and upon such Payment or Security given, all j!0, sre/ati, r former Bonds or Obligations given for the Payment of the four pences formerly in Controversy, shall be hereto, 2 IK &? delivered up by the several Person or Persons in whose Custody the same or any of them are; and that no ft 5. 9. tu y shall be subject to any Attaint by reason of any Verdict heretofore by them given concerning any 3 4'* Flatter relating to this or any of the ti fore said Acts. ^7

8^9 Ur. 3. C 19. 10 11 Ur. 3. C 4 & 21. 12 W 3. C 11. I Ann. fiat. 2 C j4. 4 Ann. C 12. 12 ar.nt fiat. 2. C 3. 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. 6 Geo. 1.

C 2l. 8 Geo. 1. r. 18. 11 Geo. 1. c. 30. 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. 6 Geo. 2. c. 17. 7 Geo. 2. c. 14.9 Geo. 2. c. 23. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. ji Geo. 2. c. 26.

15 Geo. 2. c. 25. 16 G 0. C 8. 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 19 Geo. 2. c. 12. io Geo. 2* C 39. 24 Geo. 2. r. 40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. C II 31 Geo. zi

C 36. 32 Geo. 2; C 29, 33 Geo 2. C9zs.

CAP. V.

An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as steal Cloth from the Rack, and from such as shall steal or imbezil his Majesty's Ammunition and Stores.

WHEREAS many evil disposed Persons have of late more frequently than in former Times used and practised the cutting of Cloth and other Woollen Manufactures in the nighttime off from the o°o i Stlt 2 ' Racks or Tenters, where the said Cloth is put for the drying thereof, and feloniously steal and carry away C 25.y'

the 15 Geo. ic

5! Eli, C 4. ai & 23 Car. 2, C 23# 1 X

9 & 10 W. 3. C. 4J*

1 Geo. X C 259 Geo. 1. c. 8.

Persons stealing Cloth from the Hack, or imbe killing his ma jeily's Stores to the Value of?, os. and thereof found guilty, Hi all be excluded from the Benefit of Clergy,

31 Eliz. C 4.

Judges may reprieve and transport them.

Penalty for refilling to bs transported., or afterwards to return,

22 & 23 Car. 2. C 24,

fce farmrents, Rent service, Chauntry rents, See,

Except qu't rents, copy hold rents, Tenths, First fruils, C

Letters Patents granted by the King, of certain Rents before the 24th of June 1672, confirmed

C 6. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

the same, to the utter undoing and impoverishing of many Clothiers, and the great Hindrance of the Trade of Clothing

II. And whereas by an act made in the one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Eliza bcih, it is amongst other Things enacted, That if any Person having the Charge or Custody of any Armour, Ordnance, Munition, Shot, Powder or Habiliments of War of the said queen's, her Heirs or Successors, or of any Victuals provided for the victualling of any Soldiers, Gunners, Mariners or Pioneers,

shall for any Lucre or Gain, or willingly, advisedly and of Purpose to hinder or impeach her majesty's 4 Service, imbezil, purloin or convey away any the same Armour, Ordnance, Munition, Shot or Powder,

Habiliments of War, or Victuals, to the Value of twenty Shillings, at one or several Times, that then every such Offence shall be adjudged Felony, and the Offender therein to be proceeded on, and suffer as in Case of Felony; (2) unto the committing of which several Offences many Persons are the mere em boldened, in Respect that in those Cases the Benefit of Clergy is allowed by Law

III. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and the Authority thereof, That no Person or Persons who shall from and after the five and twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lor d one thousand six hundred and seventy, he indicted for felonious Cutting and Taking, Stealing or Carrying away of any Cloth or other Woollen Manufactures from the Rack or Tenter in the nighttime, or for any Offence committed against the said recited act made in the Paid one and thirtieth Year of Queen Elizabeth, or shall feloniously steal or imbezil any of his Majesty's Sails, Cordage, or any other his Majesty's Naval Stores, to the Value of twenty Shillings, and thereupon found guilty by verdict of twelve Men, or shall confess the same upon his or their Arraignment, or will net answer direiftly to the same according to the Laws of this "Realm, or shall stand wilfully or of Malice and obstinately Mute, or challenge peremptorily above the Number of twenty, or shall be upon such Indictment outlawed, shall from and after the said five and twentieth Day of May not be admitted to have the Benefit of his or their Clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and shall suffer Death in such Manner and Form as they should if they were no Clerks.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges or Justices of the Court before whom such Offender shall he arraigned and condemned, at their Discretion to grant a Reprieve for the Staying of Execution of such Offender, and to cause such Offender to be transported to any of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, there to remain for the Space of seven Years, to be accounted from the r ime. of such Transportation, and during all that Time there to be kept to Labour: (2) And if such Offender shall refuse to be so transported, or after such

Transportation shall return or come again into this Kingdom of England, or the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed., within the Time aforesaid, that then and in every such Case the Person so returning shall be put to Execution upon the Judgement so given and pronounced against him.

CAP. VI.

An Act for advancing the Sale of fee-farm Rents, and other Rents.

WHEREAS his Majesty is seized of several fee-farm Rents, and other Rents in Right of his Crown, some whereof are Parcel of his Highness Duchy of Cornwall, and is also seized of several see Farm Rents, and other Rents in Right of his Highness Duchy of Lancaster;

II. And whereas it is convenient that some special Privileges and Advantages should be granted unto the Purchasers, which cannot well be transferred unto them without Authority of Parliament; (z) and whereas the better to enable his Majesty to pay such Debts owing at Interest, whereof his Majesty shall find Reason to hasten the Discharge, his Majesty is minded to grant and convey to certain Persons, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, as Trustees for Sale thereof, diverse fee-farm Rents, Rents service,

4 P, ents seck, or Dry rents, Chauntry Rents, Rents reserved, Guild rents, Pensions, Vicontiel rents,

Affart rents, Rents for Purpreftures arented. Rents certain, or diverse other Rents of what Nature or Kind soever they be, due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as his Majesty shall think fit to mention and express in the said Letters Patents, whether the same be due to his Majesty in Right of his Crown of England, or in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, or be Parcel of, or annexed unto the Duchy of Cornwall, (3) except and always reserved and foreprized out of such Letters Patents, all Quit rents and copy hold Rents Handing in Charge as Parcel of or belonging to any Manor or reputed Manor; (4.) and also all Tenths and First fruits, and Rents reserved nomine Decitna, due and payable by any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Prebendary, Parson, Vicar, or any other Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Corporation;

III. And also all rents.reserved upon any Leases or Estates, whereof the Reversion is now in his Majesty, and which are incident to such Reversion; (2) and also all Rents reserved upon any Lease or Farm made or granted, or to be made or granted, of his Majesty's Customs or Excise; And also ex 5 cept all Rents or Sums of Money due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for or in Re ' spect of any Fire hearths or Stoves: '

IV. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all and every Letters Patents to be granted by his Majesty before the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy two, under his Great Seal, or under the Seal of his Duchy of Lancaster, or under the Seal of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of all or any of the Rents aforesaid (except before excepted) shall be and are hereby declared and enacted to be good, sufficient, and effectual in the Law, for the Granting and Assuring the several Rents aforesaid, or

any

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II C 6. 327

any of them (except before excepted) and for veiling the same in such Persons and their Heirs, as shall be therein nominated as Trustees for the Sale thereof, against his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and against the Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and against all Person and Persons that shall have or inherit or enjoy the Dukedom of Cornwall by Force of any Act of Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoever, according to the Tenor and Effect of the said Letters Patents; (2) and the same shall be expounded, construed, deemed and adjudged most beneficially for the Patentees and Grantees of the same, and theft Heirs, successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Words and Purport of the said Letters Patents, without any Confirmation, Licence, or Toleration of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors; any mif naming, mif recital, or non recital of any the Honours, Manors, Caftfes, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments subject and liable to, or charged with the Payment of such Rents, or any mif recital or non recital of any epcate tail formerly made, or of thereversion thereupon Expeflant, or any mif naming, or not true Naming of the Towns, Hamlets, Parishes or Counties where the same Honours, Manors,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments charged or chargeable with the said Rents do lie, or any lack of the true naming of the Corporation, or any lack of Attornment, or any mif naming, or not naming of any of the Tenants or Farmers of the Lands charged or chargeable with such Rents or any Part thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding;

V. And notwithstanding any other Defect or Imperfection which shall happen therein, of what Nature or Kind soever it 111 all be: (2) And the said Rents so to be granted, shall be afterwards conveyed and disposed by the said Patentees and Trustees, according to the Directions and instructions herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Patentees and Trustees, and the The Patentees Survivor and Survivors of them, shall make and execute to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Po and Trustees litick and Corporate, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, who shall become Purchaser or Purchasers of the my k" lhe said Rents, or of any Part thereof, an Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale which shall be enrolled ^vurcbst r in any of the four Courts at T fejhninjier, within six Months after the Date thereof, and shall contain a bvindentnr^of Conveyance and aiturance of the Rents so purchased, and transfer the same by Words of Bargain and Sale, Bargain and or by Words of Grant, Release or Confirmation, or by such other apt Words and Clauses as by the said Sale enrolled. Purchaser or Purchasers, their Heirs, successors or Assigns, shall be reasonably davifed or required, and shall Such Bents.

be thought most suitable and convenient to and for the several Cases and Titles of such Purchaser or Pur bribed in Deeds chasers respectively; and such Conveyance or Afluranee shall also recite the Confederation in Money si[<i pleadings, paid or given, and thereof and of every Par: and Parcel thereof shall exonerate, acquit and discharge the 10 Ann. C js. said Purchaser or Purchasers, his and their Heirs, successors, Executors and Assigns. §.21.

VII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, successors and Assigns, having and taking Purchasers by any such Conveyance and assurance as aforesaid, and causing the same to be enrolled as aforesaid within virtusof fudi the Space of six Months next after the Date thereof, shall be and is hereby adjudged in actual Seisin and oefd_pesceably Possession of the Rents so purchased and conveyed; (2) and shall hold and enjoy the same in perfefl Peace, ecidmss3m freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his

Heirs or successors, either in Right of his Crown, or any the Duchies aforesaid, or otherwise howsoever, or by any Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, or by any Person or Persons that shall have, inherit or enjoy the Dukedom of Cornwall, by Force of any al of Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoever, and also freed and discharged of and from any Breach of Trust: which can or may be pretended to be committed by the said Trustees, in not strictly pursuing the Powers given by this Act, or the Instructions herein after mentioned, or any other Instructions whatsoever, cr the Orders to them directed at the Time of the making and executing such Conveyance; and shall also hold and enjoy all and every the Rents so purchased, as fully, freely and amply, as his Majesty at the Time of the passing of this at did or might have held or enjoyed the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, An tof ue for. who hall purchase any of the said Rems, and their and every of their Heirs, successors and Assigns re and recover the spectively, shall be and are hereby enabled to have, sue for and recover the same, by such and the like same as his ma lawful Ways and Means, as his Majesty or any of his Royal Progenitors could or might have recovered the je might have same, be it by distraining in all or any of the Lands of the Tenant or Tenants for the Time being, that done shall hold any Lands charged with the said Rent, or by having power to detain or sell all such Distresses after the Space of fifteen Days after such distrel's taken, in Case the said Rent shall not be then or before paid, returning the Overplus of what shall be so sold, to the party distrained; by having the full Benefit and Advantage of all Sums of Money reserved nomine Paeoies, or as a Penalty for nonpayment of the said Rent, or by using the like Action or Suit as his Majesty might have used for the Recovery of the same before such Patent granted, so as the same extend not to any such Process of Extent, or other Prerogative Process out of the Court of Exchequer, as his Majesty might have had before such Patent granted. (2)

Amd forasmuch as upon diverse Commissions of defective Titles, Inquisitions, or Suggestions of Conceal,

' diverse Patents have formerly passed the Great Seal of England, or under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, or under the Seal of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of diverse Manois, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereupon diverse fee-farm Rents, or other Rents have been reserved, and sometimes put in Charge, where in Truth nothing hath passed by the Ibid.Letters Patents, nor have the Manors, Lands and Tenements, Liberties or Hereditaments mentioned to have been granted, been cn joyed or held under the said Letters Patents, but under other Titles, or by Virtue of other Letters Pa ' tents whereupon other Rents are reserved

IX. Be it therefore enacted, That such fee-farm Rents, or other p.ents, which have not been usually fee-farm enft paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the Manors, Lands or Tenements charged, or mentioned to be charged, other Kents not < therewith by the greater Space of forty Years now last pair, shall net be inserted or mentioned in any such paid for40years

3 Letters

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

G. 6.

A.D. 1670.

list not to be inserted in the Patents.

letters Patents of Manrrs, i.amfs, C heretofore granted.

See farmers before the Z7<J of Odlob. 1643. ard since the of may ito. their difi clurges con ^rtned.

Corporations may boy and enjoy 1 he rents notwithstanding the Statute of Mortmain.

Piincipjlity of Wales.

Letters Patents to be hereafter granted to Trustees, as aforesaid: further, That where any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, have held any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fub jets to the Payment of any fee-farm Rent, or other Rent which hath been usually paid or answered by the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands so charged; and that by Colour or Pretence of some Patent of Concealment, or by Pretence of Commissions for defective Titles passed of the same Lands, some other or greater Rent hath been refereed or put in Charge, but the same hath not been usually answered or paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands by the greater Space of forty Years before mentioned; that then and in such Case the Tenant of the Lands shall hold the same discharged of the said Rent so reserved by Virtue of the said Patent of Concealment, or by Commission of defective Titles, and a!so discharged of all Seizures and distreftes for the same, until the same flail have been recovered by due Course and Proceedings of Law. (z) And if any Letters Patents of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, have been heretofore granted, whereupon any fee-farm Rents, or other Rents have been reserved, which at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall be sold to any Purchaser or Purchasers, if such Letters Patents whereupon such Rents so sold have been reserved, shall at any Time hereafter be adnulled, defeated, repealed, cancelled, avoided or otherwise determined, whereby the Lands shall return to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors; then and in every such Case, ail and every the Purchaser and Purchasers of such Rents, their Heirs, successors and Assigns, shall have and receive out of the same Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, the like Rent, and for the like Estate therein, with that which was by them so purchased, and shall enjoy suchlike Rent during such Estate against his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and against all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming by, from or under his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, by any Grant or Conveyance made or granted by his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, subsequent to such Purchase made; and shall have like Remedy for Recovery thereof, (any such Adnulling, Defeating, Repeal, Cancelling, Avoidance or other Determination of such Letters Patents to the contrary notwithstanding.) (3) And whereas by certain Covenants or Agreements on the King's Part contained in the original refer vatitm of some of the said fee-farm Rents or by the true Intent thereof, or by some Decrees in the Court of Augmentation, or Exchequer, made before the three and twentieth Day of October in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and two, or since the nine and twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, diverse See farmers were to be discharged, and Allowances to be made of diverse Pensions Portions, Rents Resolute or other Things of the like Nature, and the Charge thereof hath been since allowed by his Majesty out of the said fee-farm Rents, upon the Accounts of Bailiffs, Mi lifters and Receivers; it is hereby provided and declared, That this ATI, or anything herein contained, shall not lie confirmed to annul or void any such Covenants or Decrees, but that the same shall be allowed against the said Purchaser or Purchasers, as it should have been against his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, if the Letters Patents or Grants of such fee-farm Rents hereby intended to be confirmed, had not hecn made; (4) Saving unto the queen's Majesty, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and successors, and every of them (other than the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than the Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and other than such Personas shall have, inherit or enjoy the said Dukedom of Cornwall, by Force of any Act of Parliament or other Limitation whatsoever) all such Right, Title and Interest, possession, Leases or Estates, as they or any of them had, or should or might have, or of Right ought to have had, in or to the said Rt nts or any of them, or any of the Lands charged or chargeable with them or any of them, as fully and amply as they should or might have had before the Letters Patents thereof made, as if this ATI had never been had or made; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it hail and may be lawful to and for any Bodies Politic or Corporate, to purchase any the fee-farm Rents or other Rents so to be conveyed as aforesaid, and the same Rents so purchased to retain and keep to them and their successors; any Statutes of Mortmain to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That neither this ATI, nor anything therein contained, lull extend or be construed to extend to the Sale of any the fee-farm p.ents, Tenths, Chantry r nts. Rents Seek, or any dry or other Rents whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty or the Prince of Wales for the Time being, issuing or arising within the Principality and Dominion of Wales; this ATI or anything therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Contrails to be by the Lord Treasurer.

Purchase Money how to be paid.

Allowance.

Tenants lo be rescued m Fein'

6 XII instuctions enacted to be observed in the Sale of fee-farm Rents; yet so as the Breach or Non ' pursuance of these instuctions, hall not invalidate or weaken the Title of any Purchaser.'

1. A LL Contracts touching the Sale of any fee-farm Rents or other Rents before mentioned, shall be i

J signed by the Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being or any two of them.

2. The trustees hall convey to such Persons, as by Order from die Lord Treasurer, or Lords commissioners of the Treasury, or any two of them, they Thai] be directed.

3. Every Contracter shall at of before the Time of the Sealing of his Conveyance, pay down one Moiety at least of his Purchase money into t'ne Exchequer, and shall also before he shall receive his Deed of Conveyance, give Security, such as the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall approve, for the Payment of the second Moiety at the Time appointed.

4. Such contratlers as will pay down their whole Purchase money, shall receive such Allowance for their present Payment of their second Moiety, as shall be thought fit, so as the same exceed not the Rate of ten percent.

5. The immediate Tenant liable to the Payment of any Rent, shall be preferred in the Purchase of it before any other, so as such immediate Tenant tender himself to the Lord Treasurer or lords Commis

fior.ers

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II C 7, 8. 329

sioners of the Treasury, to contract, within six Months after the passing of the said Patent, and Notice of Puchafe. thereof publifiled by his Majesty's Proclamation, and perfect his Contract, and pay or feeurc his Mo Wnhm what. ney as aforesaid, within six Months after, at such Rate as shall be agreed, not exceeding twenty Years tofi/perfeflei Purchase.

If the immediate Tenant, or some on his Behalf do not tender, and perfect his Contrail, as in the J last precedent Article, all Benefit of Preference or pre emptionis to be lost.

7. The Purchaser may have his Conveyance in the Names of any Person or Persons he Fall deftre.

8. If any fee-farm Rent or other Rent, be subject to or charged with any Payment or other Incum encumbrance, brance, consideration shall be had of it at the Time of the Contrast, and Reprize allowed for it accordingly; and where such Reprize is allowed, the Purchaser is to covenant to take upon him such Encumbrance

so reprized.

9.The Trustees are to hold the Rents conveyed to them for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until Sale.

10. The Trustees in all Conveyances to be made by them shall covenant with the Purchasers in usual Covenant. Form, to free the premisses, and save the Purchaser harmless, from any Act done or suffered by them,

which may any way encumber the premisses.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all see farmers of Fcc parmers of any Mills formerly belonging to the Crown or Parcel of his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, shall have the Mills. Protection and Privilege of his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer and Duchy of Lancaster, and all Suits to Mill, and Aids of the said Courts, and enjoy all other former Privileges and Advantages, notwithstanding the Sale of the said fee-farm Rents issuing out of the said Mills, to all Intents and Purposes, and iri as large and beneficial Manner, as when the said fee-farm Rents, or any of them, were payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such and so much of the said All Sums of fee-farm Rents and premisses, and such Sums of Money, Rents resolute, Pensions, Stipends, Salaries, An Moneyj renl*» nuities, Alms, Corodies, Profits and Allowances as are due and payable or which are chargeable upon, have fed to mz\n- been or ought to be paid or allowed to or for the Maintenance of any Grammar School or Scholars, or for ta;, a School, " or towards the Reparation of any Church, Chapel, Highway, Causeway, Bridges, Schools, alms houses, C to remain Castles or any other Uses, upon, out of or for the premisses, or any of them, to be settled upon Trustees as heretofore. according to this Act as aforesaid, shall be and continue to be paid and allowed as they were and have been heretofore, (z) And the said Trustees are hereby authorised and required to set out, convey and assure unto such Person and Persons, and their Heirs, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Successors and Alligns, as they the said Trustees shall think, in Trust for the Performance of the Uses aforesaid, or any of them, such of the said fee-farm Rents, Duties or Sums of Money payable as aforesaid as shall amount to any of the Sums so charged, limited or allowed, to or for the Uses or Purposes aforesaid; any Thing in this at or Instructions to the contrary notwithstanding. And after such Conveyance, the Purchasers of the Residue of the said fee-farm Rents shall be discharged of the said Duties and Payments.

CAP. VII.

An Act to enable the King's Majesty to make Leases, Grants and Copies of Offices, Lands, Terements and I; Car. t. sati Hereditament's, Parcel of his flighness Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same. All Leases, Grants, C 4,

£sy. of Land, C in the Duchy of Cornwall made or to be made within three Years, confirmed. The Term for such Leases and Grants. Rents to be reserved. Covenants, Conditions and Reservations.

[Proviso.]Compositions for increased Rents.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt.

WHEREAS there is a great Variety of Bushels and other Measures of different Contents and Gauges Enforced by.' > used in several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Ports and other Places of this Realm, for the Meas Ann. C is.

' hiring. Buying and Selling of all Sorts of Grain, Salt, and other Commodities usually bought and sold § f ' by the Bushel, to the great Defrauding and Oppressing of the People, contrary to the Great Charter, and 5 K' Staj'

' sundry of the good Laws formerly made and euacled. That there shall be but one Measure to be used, ' throughout all the Realm: '__ - C 12.

11. For future Redress whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad 27 Ed.3. statz. vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, C io

and by Authority of the same, That this ensuing Clause contained in a Statute made in the seventeenth Year, 6c'ar. 1. C j9. of King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering and regulating of the Office of Clerk of the A Claull therein Market, allowed and confirmed by this Statute, and for the Reformation of Pa Ife Weights and Measures, (by way repealed, of Proviso, viz.) That such Measure as is commonly called Water measure, in any Ports, Maritime Towns, or other Places, shall be still used and continued as formerly the same hath been (anything in this Statute contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding) shall from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred and seventy, be and ftnnd nulled and repealed, as as to the Measuring, Selling, or Buying of any Sort of Corn or Grain ground or unground, or Salt, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tivecd: (2) And that if any Person or Persons after the Time aforesaid shall sell any Sort of Corn or Grain, ground or unground, or any Kind of Sail, usually sold by the Buflrel, either in open Market, or any other Place, by any other Vot. III U u Bushel

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

330 C 9, 10.

A.D. 1670.

Winchester Measure only to be used.

For the Bushel of Salt, see 7 & 8 W. 3. C 31, 44-

Forfeiture for offending against this Act. Penalty enlarged by 22 & 23 Car. 2- C 12.

other Officers permitting the Use of any otiier Measure.

Bushel or Measure, than that which is agreeable to the Standard, marked in his Majesty's Exchequer, commonly called the Winchester Measure, containing eight Gallons to the Bushel, and no more or less, and the said Bushel strucken even by the Wood or Brim of the same by the Seller, and sealed as this Act directs, he or they shall forfeit for every such Offence the sum of forty Shillings; (3) to be levied in such Manner, and such other Penalties for Want of Diffrcfs to be inflicted, as in and by the said former Act is directed by the Warrant or Order of any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the County, City or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; which said Justices respectively are hereby required and enabled to see this Statute duly executed.

III. And be it likewise further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That if any Mayor or other Head Officer of any City, Borough or Corporation or Liberty within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall knowingly and wilfully permit or suffer any Person or Persons within their respective Limits or jurisdictions, to sell or buy any Sort of Corn or Grain ground or unground, or Salt, by The Penalty of any other Bushel or Measure, or strucken in any other Manner than is hereby prescribed; (2) or shall Mayors and all suffer within their respective Limits or jurisdictions any other Measure to be used, than is of the Contents aforesaid, and sealed as this A directs; (3) or if upon Complaint of the Breach of this Statute, he or they shall not duly punish and reform the same according to the Purport thereof; (4) Then he or they.so offending, for, every such Offence upon due Proof and Conviction thereof by Presentment or Indictment before the Justices of the Peace of the County where such Offence shall be committed, at the General Sessions of the Peace held for the same, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; (5) the one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Prosecutor, the other Moiety to the tjte of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, and for Default of such Distress, by Imprisonment of the Person or Persons so offending, till Payment thereof made, by Warrant of the said Justices.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Clerk of the Market of his Majesty's House within the Verge, or the Mayor, or other Head Officer, Lord of the Liberty, or other Person authorised by the Laws of the Realm, to mark or seal Measures within their respective jurisdictions, shall neglect or refuse, being required, to seal or mark any Bushel, Half bushel or Peck duly gauged, as is hereby before directed and appointed, hall forfeit for the first Offence five Pounds, and for every other Offence ten Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid; or if the Clerk of the Market of his Majesty's House within the Verge, shall take more than the lawful and accustomed Fees; or if any other Person or Persons shall exact or take from any Person more than one Penny for the Sealing and Marking of a Bushel, or more than one halfpenny for the Sealing or Marking of a Half bushel or Peck, or more than one Farthing for the Sealing or Marking of any Measure containing one Gallon, Pottle, Quart, Pint or Half pint; he or they shall for every such Offence, upon due Proof and conviction thereof, incur the Penalties mentioned and contained in the aforenamed Statute for the said Offence, made in the seventeenth Year of King Charles the First.

V. And to the End that there may be a just and certain Measure (to determine all Controversies) gauged

14 E. 3. Stat. 1. as t] £s directs, (2) Be it further enacted, That at the Charge of such Person or Persons respectively,

i6jr'. 2 C who awm have the Toll or Profit of the Market, where Toll is not taken within any City, Corporation

A Measure of or Market town, within this Realm in their respective jurisdictions, there shall be before the said nine Brafstobechain and twentieth Day of September, one Measure of Brass provided, and chained in the public marketplace; ed in every pub. (3} upon Pain to forfeit and lose for every Person so neglecting respectively, the Sum of five Pounds, to

be recovered and levied as is by this act directed; one Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence hail be committed; the other Moiety to him or them that hall sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Constable or Constables; within this Realm of England, in their respective Precincts, are hereby empowered and required to search and examine if any Person or Persons use any other Measure than according to the Proportions aforesaid, or shall strike the same in any other Manner than this act directs, or sell or buy by a Measure unsealed: And in case he or they shall find any such uufealed Measure, to seise and break the same; and for that and every other Offence against. this Act, hall present such Offender at the next private or quarterly Sessions to be held for such County or Place where such Offence shall be committed.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons punished for any Offence by Virtue of this act, shall be again questioned or punished for the same Offence, by Virtue or Colour of any other Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall take any Toll, or anything in Lieu thereof, but respectively according to such Proportion as the Measures in this Act limited and appointed bear unto the Measures whereby the same have been heretofore usually taken; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clerk of the Marker, See. refilling to seal or mark ay Measure, his Forfeiture,

Exacting Fees, how punished.

16 Car. I.

c. 19.

lick Marketplace,

Constable' to search if any Persons use other Measures,

Once piimhied,

Toll,

J

Accountant,

CAP. IX.

An Act authorising certain Commissioners of the Realm of England, to treat with Commissioners of Scotland for the Weal of both Kingdoms.

CAP. X

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Prittiman, for Satisfaction of a Debt by him due to the

king's Majesty.

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Carol: II

C ir. 331

CAP. XI.

An additional Act for the Rebuilding of the City of Louden, Uniting of Parishes, and Rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the Paid City.

WHEREAS by Virtue and in Pursuance of an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for Rebuilding the City London, federal Streets in the said Act particularly mentioned and described,

have been enlarged and made wider by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, by and with the Approbation of the King's most Excellent Majesty; forasmuch as certain other Streets within the said City, not particularly mentioned in the aforesaid Act, did also require some Regulation and En 4 largement, (that is to say) the Street called pater noster row, the Lane called tfarvack tane at the North side thereof, tvatling street, Candlewike street, Eastcheap, St. Swlthin' s lanc, Little jvood jlrcet, milk fired,

tower fired, tvater lane, situate on the east side of London bridge near the custom house, rood lane, St.

mary hill, thames freet from London bridge to puddle dock, pie corner next to Smithfield, and Thread needle fired, and to that End and Purpose the same by Order and Direction of the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City in Common Council assembled, by and with his said majesty's Appro bation, have been surveyed, and are found necessary to be enlarged

II. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Streets and Lanes in this Add before nominated and appointed to be enlarged, and every of them, shall be enlarged and regulated in such Parts and Places thereof, and in such Manner, and according as the same are marked and slaked out for that Purpose, and not otherwise. 4 (2) And to the End that sit and commodious Places within the said City and Liberties thereof may be let out and appointed for the rebuilding and keeping of Markets with more Convenience than heretofore they were, so as the principal Streets may not be pestered and obstructed thereby, as heretofore hath been accustomed: And that the Royal Exchange, guild hall, the sessions house in the old hai/ey, and the Common Gaols and Prisons within the said City, may he enlarged and made more commodious for the public Use and Or 4 nament of the City, and better secured from the Danger and Casualty of Fire; and that some convenient Distance, Interval and Circuit of Ground may be left between the Royal Exchange, and other Houses to be built within the said City: '

III. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City in Common Council assembled, shall and may, and are hereby empowered to employ such Places and Portions of Ground within the said City and Liberties thereof, as by and with his said majesty's Approbation now are, or before the tenth Day of March one thousand six hundred sixty nine shall be set cut and adjudged necessary and convenient, as well for the public marketplaces there, as also for the Ornament, Enlargement and Convenience of the said Royal Exchange, and other Places aforementioned, and every or any of them respectively;

And to the Intent that reasonable Satisfaction may be given to the Owners and others, having any. Estate or Interest in the Grounds and Places which have been or shall be set out to be taken and employed for public marketplaces, or for the Ornament and Convenience of the Royal Exchange, guild hall, and other Places in this Act mentioned, or any of them, or for enlarging the said Streets, or any Part thereof, called pater no ft cr ro % v, Warwick lane, tvatling street, Candlezvike street, Eastcheap, St. swithins lane. Little tvood street, milk sir eet, Tower jlreei, water lane. rood lane, Saint Man Hill, thames fired, pie corner next unto Smithfield, and Threadneedle fired before mentioned; the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons shall and may (by themselves or others in that Behalf to be appointed and authorised) treat and agree with the Owners, and others interested therein: (z) And in Case of wilful Refusal, or any such Disability or Impediment as in the aforesaid act are mentioned, or other Incapacity whatsoever in the Owners thereof, or others interested therein, to treat and agree, the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall and are hereby authorised and required to cause a Jury to be impanelled in such Manner and Form as by the aforesaid Act is directed and appointed, so as no two of the said Jurors so to be impanelled, shall come out of one and the same Ward, to adjudge and afiefs what Recompense and Satisfaction in every of the Cases aforesaid ought to be awarded and given to the respective Owners, and others interested in the Grounds and Places to set out, to be taken and employed for any the Uses or Purposes aforesaid, in Pursuance of this ACV, according to such their respective Estates and Interests; and the Verdict of such Jury in that behalf to be taken, and the Judgement of the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen thereupon, and the Payment of the Money so awarded' or adjudged, at or in the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time bein, to the said Chamberlain, there to remain by the Space of six Months, for the Owners or others interested therein, as aforesaid, and after that Time to be paid unto them by the said 'Chamberlain upon Demand, (if that within that Time there shall not arise any Controversy touching the Payment thereof, by Reason of different Claims made thereunto as hereafter is expressed) shall be binding and conclusive to and against the Owners, and all others having or claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title or Interest of, in, to or out of the same, their Pieirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors and af signs, and every of them; and shall be a full Authority for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, to cause the same to be converted and used to and for the respective Uses and Purposes aforesaid: And in Case any Controversy shall arise between any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or his or their Assigns, or under tenants, or other Persons, claiming any Estate, Right, Title or Interest in Law or Equity, Trust, Charge or Encumbrance, of or in the said Ground' o to be purchased or converted as aforesaid, who shall find him or themselves aggrieved, for or by Reason that the said Moneys so given in

rg Car. 1. C 3.

Streets requiring Enlargement anti Regulation

They shall be enlarged as they are now staked out, -

Royal Exchange, Guildhall, sessions house in the xd baily,

Ground to be assigned for publick Marketplaces

Satisfaction to Owners for Ground taken away.

The Mayor, Aldermen and Common.', to treat and agree with Owners, and in Case of wilful Rcfufaf, to impanel a Jury, whosever ditt and the Judgement of the Mayor and Court of Aldermen thereupon, with Payment of the Money so a warded into the chamberlain's Office, shall be binding and conclusive.

Controversies to be decided by the Judges, and in' what Manner

C 11*

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. A.D. 1670

Satisfaction for the said Ground, is not or hall not be equally or indifferently apportioned, according tc the true Value of his or their Interests in the said Grounds; That then the Justices of the Courts of King'.* Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of them, sitting together at the same Time and Place, upon the Petition of the said Party or Parties grieved, to be preferred to any one of them within six Months after the said verdict so had and given, and not after, are hereby authorised to hear and finally determine the same, and to order and award such Distribution of the Moneys so paid unto the Chamberlain as aforesaid, to the said Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, according to his and their several and respective Interests in the same, in such Manner and Form as the said Justices and Barons, or any three of them, may determine any Differences or Demands which have arisen, or hall arise between any Landlord or Tenant, touching Repairing or Rebuilding any of the Houses burnt down, or demolished by the late Fire, by Virtue of an 19 Car. z. C 3. Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for Erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences, touching Houses burnt dozvn or clemolished by the late Fire which happened in London; according to which Order and Distribution the said Sum and Sums shall be paid by the said Chamberlain to the several Persons respectively.

where several V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in Case it shall happen that where there

Persons having were two or more Copartners, Jointenants, or Tenants in Common, of any House or Houses burned or

several Estates in one House or Ground, and some delay to build, to the Prejudice'of

demolished by the said late Fire, or that two or more Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, had several Estates or Interests in several rooms, Stories or Parts of any such House or Houses burned or demolished, and that some or one of them is desirous and willing to build the same, or such Part, Room or Story of or in the same, as to him or them doth or may appertain, according to his or their Estate or Interest, as aforesaid, and that any other of the said Copartners, Jointenants or Tenants in Common, or others having such other? the Rest or Interest as aforesaid in any of the Rooms, Stories or Parts thereof, shall delay or refuse to join

iray rebuild the Whole, if they will, and enjoy it to their ovvn Use, till reim* burfedijy'.

in Rebuilding of the lame, or to conti ibute his and their reasonable Part and Proportion towards the Charge thereof; that then it shall and may be lawful to or for any one or more of such Copartners, Jointenants, Tenants in Common, or others having Estate or Interest in any the Rooms, Stories, or Parts thereof, as aforesaid, that will rebuild the said House or Houses, to cause such House or Houses to be wholly rebuilt in such Sort and Manner as the same was or were before the said late Fire, or as near thereunto as conveniently may be, (the present model of Building considered) and respect being had to the different Interests of the Parties concerned, as aforesaid, and the same House or Houses so rebuilt, to hold and enjoy to his and their own proper Use and Benefit, until that he or they shall be fully satisfied and reimbursed all such and so much of the Charge of such Building as in a due Proportion ought to have been contributed or allowed towards the Building thereof by such Copartners, Jointenants, Tenants in Common, or others having such Estate or Interest as aforesaid, according to his or their Estate or Interest therein, as aforesaid, together with Damages for the same, after the Rate of six Pounds percent, per Annum, for the Forbearance thereof, to be accounted from the Covering of the said Building, (z) And in Case of neglect or Refusal to satisfy and pay such Proportion of the Charge of Rebuilding thereof by the Space of two Years, to be accounted front the Covering as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Rebuilders, from and after the End and Expiration of the said two Years, to be accounted as aforesaid, paying to such Copartners, Jointenants, Tenants in Common, or others having such Estate or Interest as aforesaid therein, so much as such their Estate or Interest shall be reasonably worth, or upon Tender and Refusal thereof, to hold and enjoy such House or Houses so rebuilt, as aforesaid, wholly and entirely against the Parties so refusing, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for and during the Continuance, of such joint or other Estate or Interest aforesaid, as the Party and Parties, by whom such House or Houses Difference about shall be so rebuilt, had in the same, or in any Room, Story, or other Part thereof: (3) And in Case any

charge of Building to be determined by the City surveyors.

party walls.

holborn bridge pa/tage to be enlarged

Difference shall happen between such Builders, and any the Parties refusing to build as aforesaid, concerning the Charge of Rebuilding the same, or concerning the Value of the Estate or Interest of the Parties so refusing to build as aforesaid, and what Money ought to be paid or given for the same by such Rebuilder after such Time and in Manner as aforesaid, that then the same shall be referred to the Surveyors to be appointed for the said City for the Time being, who, or any two of them, shall and may upon their View adjudge, estimate and determine the same respectively: And in Case the said Parties, or either of them, shall refuse to submit to such the Judgement and Determination of the said Surveyors, that then the said Matters shall be referred to the Examination of the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, who shall hear and finally determine the same without further Appeal.

VI. And be it further enact and declared, That where there were several Owners or others interested of or in several Rooms, Stories, or other Parts of any House or Houses, which shall or may obstruct or hinder the making of the party walls entire and upright, and that the Parties therein concerned cannot or will not come to an Agreement touching the same; that then it shall be referred to the said Surveyors for the Time being, or any two of them, to determine the Difference thereby arising, (if they can) who shall and may order and appoint an indifferent Exchange to be made betwixt the said Parties, by dividing their Ground, Rooms or Stories, or otherwise, as to them shall seem most meet and reasonable, for accommodating of their several Interests, or otherwise shall and may award Satisfaction to be given in Money to such of the said Parties as there shall be Cause, to the Intent the Walls may be made upright according to the direction of the aforesaid act for Rebuilding; (z) and in Case the Parties therein concerned, or either orany of them, hall refuse to submit to such the Order and Determination of the said Surveyors, that then the said Matter shall be referred to the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen to hear and finally determine the same without further Appeal.

VII. And whereas the Way or, Passage of holborn bridge is now too strait and incommodious for the many Carriages and Passengers daily uling and frequenting the same, and is therefore necessary to be en larged(2) Be it therefore likewise enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Alder

3 men

he

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

C 11.

333

A.D. 1670.

men and Commons, so to enlarge and make wider the same, as that the said Way and Passage may run in a Bevil line, from a certain timber house on the north side thereof, commonly called or known by the Name or Sign of the Cock, unto the Front of the Buildings of a certain Inn called the Swan Inn", situate on the north side of holborn bill as aforesaid.

VIII. And to prevent any Doubts that may hereafter arise concerning corner piers, and with what Ma The Dimension tcrials the same ought to be made; (2) Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all of coruer piers. corner piers of Stone or Brick hereafter to be erected, shall be of the Dimensions of the Piers of Stone mentioned in the said Act.

IX. And that it he left to the Liberty of all and every the Builders of corner houses, to life a fub ft utial Poll of Oak timber, to prevent the Danger that may happen by Carts and Carriages, instead of the corner pier of Brick or Stone, of such Dimensions and Scantlings, as the Surveyors of the said City shall director appoint; the said Act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted, That the Water from the Tops of all Houses already built since the late Fire, Water from the

and hereafter to be built, and Fronting or that shall Front upon any the Streets, Lanes or Passages, ft1°F?01, iic within the said City and Liberties, shall be carried and conveyed into the Channels by Pipes and Party tv

pipes (as the Case shall require) to be brought down on the Sides or Fronts of the said Houses. t, sides in '

XL. And whereas by the said Act for the Rebuilding of the City of London, it is also enacted for the.pipes.

£ Preventing of Inundations, and for Easiness of Aicent, ttat the Street called thames frcet, and all the thanes fiieetta Ground between the said Street and the River of Thames, should be raised and made higher by three Foot 'j)((ee

' at the least, above the Surface of the Ground as then it lay; and also that the Lord Mayor and Aldermen rtt of London should and might open and enlarge a Street or Passage to the River of Thames from Cheapside through sopcr lane, and thence to thames frcet, and thenceforth to the River of Thames, and from the Three cranes to the Thames aforesaid, and to make the same Streets and Passages four and twenty Foot in Breadth (z) Now for Prevention of any Doubt that may arise touching the Manner of Cutting the said Streets, and ordering the same; and to the End the said Street called Thames street, and the Ground between the same and the River of Thames, may be raised according to the Intent of the said Acb, and that other Streets and Passages leading to and from the same, may be answerable to their Levels thereunto, and that the Steepness and Difficulty of the Rising and Ascent from the said River may with the more Ease be abated; (3) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Streets or Passages from Cheapside theenl.iryed through soaper lane to thames frcet, and thenceforth to the River of Thames, and also from the Three cranes p?irafc fr0"1 to the said River, shall be and remain in such Manner and Form as now they are; any Matter or Thing to Thames the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. confirmed,

XII. And all Owners, Occupiers, and all other Person and Persons, any Way interested of or in any Grounds so slaked and set out for the Cutting, Opening and Enlarging of the said Streets, Lanes or Passages, or any of them, are hereby required to take Notice thereof, and to conform thereunto accordingly;

(2) and also that the Levels and Marks for Raising or Sinking as well of the said Street called thames frcet, and the Ground between the same and the River of Thames, as all other Streets in and about the said City and Liberties thereof, in such Manner as the same are or shall be appointed to be done before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred seventy one, by the Commissioners of Sewers and Pavements appointed by Act of Parliament, be henceforth observed in all Places within the lame.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That where any House or Houses for Habitation have been built, or were in Building, within the said City and Liberties thereof, on or before the fourteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and eight, at which Time the said Rules and Levels, for Railing or Sinking of the said Streets, were either not published, or not generally known; that it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyors (who are hereby authorised and required so to do) with as little Variation from the said Rule as conveniently may be, so to alter the said Levels or Marks, or any of them, as that the said Buildings so erected may receive as little Damage thereby as may be: And if the said Surveyors or either of them, upon Request and due Notice to be given by the Owner or Occupier of such House, shall refuse to do his o, r their Duty herein, or the said Owner or Occupier shall have any just Exceptions to their Determination in the Premises; then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Owner or Occupier of such Koufe, (so thereby grieved) to appeal by his Petition in Writing to the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, who upon deliberate Hearing of both Sides shall finally determine such Controversy without further or other Appeal.

XIV. And whereas in and by the said Act for Rebuilding of the said City, it is further provided, That the Surveyors by Virtue of the said Act appointed, and every of them, within their several Precincts, shall take Care for the equal setting out of all party walls and party piers, and that they permit no Person to build either on the said party walls, 'or on his own contiguous Ground, till the same be performed accordingly

XV. Now to the Intent that all Exaction in taking the said Surveys, and that all Differences which may" hereafter arise between any the said Builders, may be prevented; (2) Be it enacted, That no Builders he permitted by the said Surveyors to lay his or their Foundations, until the said Surveyors, or one of them, according to the true Intent of the said Act, have first viewed the same, and seen the said party walls and Piers equally set out accordingly: For the Defraying whereof, and all incident Charges of Measuring, Staking out, taking the Level, and Surveying the said Streets and Grounds;

XVI. Be it further enacted, That all and every the said Builders, before his or their Foundation shall be Builders must

laid, or such Survey taken, shall repair to the Chamberlain of London, and there enter his Name, together m'

with the Place where the said Building is so to be set out, and pay down to the said Chamberlain the Sum of g d') be six Shillings and eight Pence for every Foundation so to be built respectively, upon Receipt whereof the said r, rc they lay Chamberlain shall give his Acquittance; which laid Acquittance being produced to the said Surveyors, or their Sound a

any

.3.34-

5 Difference about the true Value of party walls to be decided by the Aldermen of the Ward, or else upon Appeal, by the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen,

'Penalties for: £)ifobedience.

Rates for Wharfage and Cranage to be a defied by his Majesty and iyivy Council.

15 Car. t. C revived, with an additional Authority to the Judges.

3. 11. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

any of them, they and every of them are hereby required within three Days next after such request, to survey and set out all and every the said Foundations accordingly.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Builders, who have at any Time since the making of the said Act for Rebuilding the said City, laid any Foundations to be built upon, shall forthwith pay unto the Chamberlain aforesaid, for every the Foundations severally erehed to be inhabited, the Sum of Axe Shillings and eight Pence, unless the same hath been formerly paid; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chamberlain for the Time being, by ahion of Debt, to be commenced in the Name of the said Chamberlain in the kings majesty's Court, to be held in the Chamber of the gmld hau of the said City, before the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the same City, to recover the same, in which ahion no Essoin or Wager of Law shall be allowed,

XVIII. And whereas it is provided in and by the said Act, That all Differences arising between any the Builders within the said City or Liberties thereof, concerning the true Value of party walls, and all Dif ' ferences arising between the said Builders or any others, concerning the Placing or Stopping up of any Lights, Windows, water courses or Gutters, which may hinder or retard the said Buildings, shall and may be heard, mediated and determined (if it may be) by the Alderman of the Ward where the causeof any such Difference shall arise, and his Deputy; (2) and where the said Alderman and his Deputy, or any of them, be concerned as Parties in the Controversies, or that they cannot determine the said Diffe rences, That then and in every such Case the same be certified by the said Alderman or his Deputy un concerned therein to the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, who upon deliberate Hearing of all Parties shall Anally determine the same without further Appeal. (3) Nevertheless, in the said Act there is no certain Penalty provided for such as shall obstinately refuse to obey the said Determination

XIX. Now to the End there may be a due Obedience yielded to such Determinations as have been or shall be made in any of the Cases last mentioned, and in all other Cases hereby left to the Anal Determination of the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen; (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Party and Parties any Way concerned to give Obedience to any such Determination as aforesaid, shall obey and perform the same, under such Pains and Penalties as by the said Act are or may be inflihed upon the (Builder or levier of any irregular built House, contrary to the Meaning of the same late AH.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Differences which shall or may arise concerning the Misplacing, Straitning or Stopping up, or any Ways obstructing any common or private Entries, Allies, Ways, Stairs, landing places or Passages, Houses of Office, Tunnels, Draughts and other Easements, heretofore used and enjoyed within the said City of London or the Liberties thereof, shall and may by Virtue of this Act be heard, mediated and determined (if it may be) by the Alderman of the Ward where the Cause of any such Difference shall arise, and his Deputy: (2) And where the said Alderman and his Deputy, oroneof them, be concerned as Parties in the said Controversy, or that they cannot determine the same Differences, That then upon Complaint of the Party or Parties concerned, to the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, they shall hear and Anally, determine the same in such Manner, as by the aforesaid AH for the Rebuilding of the said City of London is appointed, in Case of Differences concerning phcing and Stopping of Lights, Windows and Watercourses; and all Parties concerned are hereby required to obey and submit to such their Determination, under such and the like Penalties, as by the aforesaid AH are or maybe inflihed upon such irregular Builders as aforesaid: And that all such obstructions, as well where any Lights, Windows, water courses or Gutters, are or shall be hindered and stopped up, as whereby any common or private Allies, Entries; Ways, Stairs, landing places or Passages, are or shall be stopped up, flraitned or misplaced as aforesaid, shall and may by Order of the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen be abated and removed by Virtue of this Act.

XXI. And forasmuch as great exahions have been and are exercised by Wharfingers and others im ployed about the Wharfage and Cranage of Goods landed or shipped.off, at or from the said City of Lon ' don: '(2) For Remedy thereof; be it enacted, That such Rates and no.other shall from Time to Time be taken for Wharfage and Cranage, as well of Timber and other Materials for Building, as of Coals and other Goods and Merchandizes, as by his said Majesty with the Advice of his privy-council shall for that Purpose be assessed.and allowed to be taken, a.table of: which Rates shall be hanged up at every of the said Wharves respectively; (3) and if any Wharfinger or other shall exafl or demand, or direhy or indirehly take or receive for Wharfage or Cranage, or by Colour, thereof, more than according to the Rates which shall be so assessed. shall refuse to suffer any Goods or Merchandise to be landed or inipped at, off or from any Wharf or Wharves within the said City or the Liberties thereof at the Rates aforesaid, such Offender, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum. of ten: Pounds to the Party or Parties thereby gneved, to be recovered with full Cells of Suit, by ahion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any, of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within, the said.city, of London, as the Cause. shall arise, wherein no Essoin, protehion or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XXII. And whereas the aforesaid AH for erehing a Judicature for Determination of Differences touch ing Houses burned or demohshed by.reason of the late Fire which happened in London, is expired; and for that there were many Causes brought before the said Judicature which are yet undetermined, and diverse other Causes proper to receive a Determination before the said Justices and lbarons, which they found not to be within the Authority given them by the aforesaid AH; and that many more Differences do and may arise, which could not be heard and determined within the Time limited by/the said Act; 'and fora further and additional Authority to the said Justices and Barons, to hear and determine all the aforesaid Differences, and for a more ealy Execution of the said Authority; (2) It is hereby further enacted and declared, That the same Act, and the Judicature thereby erehed, and all and every the Powers and Authori -- ties thereby given to the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and all. other Matters and Things therein contained, shall from henceforth Hand and be revived, and remain in full Force until the

335

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred seventy one; any Clause, Matter or Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Term of forty Years shall not be added to any No Term to.

Estate for Life, or Term of Years in Being so as thereby to make the whole Term exceed the Number of «cred (My sixty Years, by any Decree hereafter to be made by Virtue of this or the said former Act. Years.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That' the said Judges and Barons of the respective

Courts aforesaid, or any of them, shall not take Cognizance of, nor proceed to hear or determine, any Differences or Demands which have arisen, or may in any wise arii'e, between any Landlords, Proprietors, Tenants, Lessees, Under tenants, or late Occupiers of any the said Houses or Buildings, or any other Matter or Things by the aforesaid Act: in that Behalf made, referred to the Determination of the said Judicature, complaints to upon any Complaint or Request, unless the Tame shall be exhibited, or depending before the said Judicature, be exhibited beat or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousan J six hundred and seventy: (2) And that in all forc tile z9tl» such Cases where no Complaint or Request: shall before that Time be exhibited or depending b fore the said' '

and Barons, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Landlords and Proprietors, from and after the

laid twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred and seventy, to reenter upon the Ground or '

Soil to be rebuilt upon, and to avoid the Interest and Term as well of the Tenants in Poflhflion, as of all other Mean tenants, and to rebuild thereupon, whereby to preserve his or their Estate or Interest therein from being sold by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council, by Virtue of the said late Act for Rebuilding the City of London,

XXV. And whereas diverse Leflces for Years, having Terms to come at the Time of the said Fire, have Lessees omitting omitted to Rebuild, and their Landlords for saving their Inheritances from Forfeiture have rebuilt orb robuijd, lose gun to rebuild Houses thereupon, and many of them have Let the same to other Tenants, who with their tl, eir reliei' j Trades and Families are settled therein (2) To the End the said Rebuilders and their Assigns may not be disquieted in their possessions, Be it enacted, That where any Termor for Years to come at the Time of the said Fire hath so omitted to rebuild, and the Landlord or his Assignee or Assignees hath rebuilt or begun to rebuild, that the Leases of such Termors who have omitted to rebuild, be from henceforth absolutely void; Nevertheless, the said Judges are hereby authorised to award such Contribution or Recompense to the said Termors as they shall think fit.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after any Order, Judgement or De Decrees lignefr. cree hath been or hereafter shall be pronounced by any three or more of the said Justices or Barons, any one by to Judges, 1, or more of the said Justices or Barons so pronouncing the same are already dead, or shall die before such esse, aual> Order, Judgement or Decree shall be signed according to the said recited Act, the Signing thereof by the

Survivor or Survivors of the said Justices and Barons shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and purposes, as if the same were signed by three or more of the said Justices' and Barons; anything in the said recited Act: contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons concerned in Persons Absent, any of the demolished premisses, is or shall be beyond the Seas, or cannot be found, or summoned to ap or beyond sea. pear in the said Court, That upon the Complaint or Petition of the Party agrieved. Filed in the said Court

for the Space of three Months or more, and Oath in Writing made of the Endeavour to summon such absent Person or Persons; then the said Court shall or may after the End of the said three Months proceed to hear and determine the said Cause: And that such Order, Judgement or Decree, as the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, shall make in such Case, shall be binding to such absent Person 1 or Persons, their Heirs, Executors, Administraters and Assigns, as if he or they were actually.summoned and present at the making such Decree.

XXVIII. And also be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the avoiding Difficulties III the Re of Rents, and for the Ascertaining of Covenants, Terms and Conditions, Ordered or to be Ordered or Decreed according to this or the said recited Act, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate respectively, bound by such Order or Decree, their respective Heirs, Successors and

Assigns, shall and may execute. Leases and counter parts thereof, according to the Tenor of the said Orders Leases to bn and Decrees, and they are thereunto required by Virtue of this present Act: All which Leases shall be bind may according ing and good in Law; any Law, Statute or Inability whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. (2) And me

that where Leases in Reversion or additional Terms are or shall be Ordered or Decreed by Force of this or the jtj lcaiure» said recited Act, the respective Parties concerned shall or may at their Pleasure unite and join together both

the present and additional Terms into one Lease, which shall be good and effectual against the Lessors, their.

Heirs, Executors, successors and Assigns; any Law, Statute, Usage orcustom whatsoever to the contrary. thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices and Barons, or the greater justices and Number of them, shall or may appoint a Seal to be and remain with the Register of the said Court for the Barons may

Sealing of all Warrants, and that all such Warrants which shall be sealed with the said Seal and signed by appoint a Sea!, the said Register for the Summoning or Warning any Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, concerned in the late demolished Houses and Premises, or Witnesses, shall oblige them to appear according to thetenoir. of such Warrants; anything in the said former Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Inheritance or other Estate of or in Infants, how any of the said Houses or Premises are or shall be in any Infant or Infants under the Age of one and Decrees may boa twenty Years, or in any Trustees for them or any of them; It shall be in the Power of the said Justices, asamft' and Barons or any three or more of them, upon the Petition of the Father, Mother or next of Kin, or thera other Friend to such Infant or Infants, to Order or Decree a Lease or Leases against such. Infant or Infants,

and their Trustees, for any Term or Terms of Years, not exceeding fifty-one Years in the whole, to such'

Father, Mother, or other Person that shall or will undertake the Rebuilding of, such Houses, at and ynde? such Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, as they the said Justices and

Barons.,

Terms ordered by Decrees of the Judges shall be accordingly cn

Aliens may be brought to enforce the Performance of the Judges Decrees,

Administer

Oaths,

Appeals allowed and in what Cases,

Further Power givf»*to the judges.

Barons, or any three or more of them, shall think fit and adjudge; which said Leases and Terms so Decreed, shall and may be held and enjoyed accordingly, by Virtue of this present at; and that such Infant or Infants, upon request, after they shall attain to their respective Ages of one and twenty Years, and in Case of the Death of such Infant or Infants, his and their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall and are hereby required to execute such Leases accordingly, and the respective Tenants the counter parts thereof. 1

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement of Builders, and securing their Dilates, every Order, Judgement and Decree that hath been or shall hereafter be made by the said Justices and barons or dny three or more of them, by Force of this or the said recited Act, touching the Interests and Estates of Tenants in Tail, shall conclude and bind as well Tenants in Tail and their Issues, as also the Estates in Remainder and Reversion, according to the Tenor of such Order, Judgement or Decree.

XXXII. And for better securing the Estates of the said Builders, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who are or shall be Decreed by the said Judicature, to build any Messuages or Tenements, or any the said demolished Premises, upon any term or Estates, rendering an annual Rent, have or shall build the same accordingly, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Terms and Estates, under the Rents and Covenants Decreed, notwithstanding any other Estate, Right, Title, Interest in Law or Equity, Trust, Charge or other Encumbrance whatsoever.

XXXIII. And for the better obliging of all Persons to the Performance of the Orders and Decrees made or to be made by the said Judicature; (z) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons are or shall be ordered or decreed to pay any Rate, Contribution, Sum or Sums of Moneyj

'in Pursuance of this or the said recited Act for erecting the said Judicature; it shall be lawful for the Parties concerned, upon nonpayment thereof, to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debtor upon the Case in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or within the City of London, and to give such Order or Decree in Evidence to prove the same: In which Action, no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed. (3) And where any Person or Persons are or shall be ordered, adjudged or decreed to build, fens a Lease, give Security, or do any other Act in Pursuance of this or the aforesaid Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties concerned in Default of Performance thereof, by Action upon his Case to be brought in any of his said majesty's Courts of Record aforesaid, to recover Damages for such Nonperformance, or to have or bring his Bill in any Court of Equity, to enforce the actual Performance of of the same.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said justices and Barons or any of them, out of Court, to adnrnifter Oaths and take Affidavits in Writing, concerning any Matter relating to the Proceedings in the said Judicature, which Affidavits shall or may be made use of in Court, as the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them shall think fit.

XXXV. And whereas some Orders and Decrees in the late Court of Judicature erected by the late Act e of Parliament, touching the houses burnt in London, were made the same Week that the Power of the said Court of Judicature determined, whereby the Parties concerned had not the same Time and Liberty of Exception and Appeal; s others had; '(2) Be it therefore provided and enacted by this present Parliament, and the Authority thereof. That where any such Order or Decree was made by a lefier Number of Justices and Barons than seven, if the said Order or Decree were made since the one and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and eight; It shall be lawful for any Persons agrirved by such Order or Decree, to present their Exceptions to the same in Writing, within seven Days next after the first Sitting of the said Justices and Barons, by Virtue of this present Act; and that the same Examination, Proceedings, Review and Determination, shall be thereupon had and made, and as I effectually to all Intents, as if the said Exceptions had been presented within the due Time limited and appointed by the said late Act of Parliament; anything in this or the said late Act or Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas there were several Houses in the City of London consumed by Fire within three Years next before the said late dreadful Fire, which by reason of some Differences and Doubts arising in Point of title, the same were not nor are L ikely to be rebuilt, unless some Course be taken for the deciding of such Differences: '(z) For Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Judges and Barons or any three or more of them be and are hereby authorised and empowered, to hear and determine all such Cases for all such Houses and Temements, as fully and amply, and in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as they can or may hear and determine any other Matter herein mentioned: And all Decrees and Orders in such Cases to be made, shall bind and be obeyed by all Parties therein concerned; and shall be of like Efteft, as if the same were made for any other Matter or Thing herein mentioned.

XXXVII. And whereas by reason of enlarging several Streets, and of making the new Streets called king street, leading from guild hall into Cheap side, and lfueen flrect, leading from soaper lane to the River ' of thames, there are diverse Slips and small Parcels of Ground remaining altogether nfeless to the Owners thereof, in regard the same are not capable of any House being built thereupon: '(2) It is therefore hereby further provided and enacted, That for the making the said Streets and Buildings conformable, and for the better determining of all Controversies concerning the same, that the said Justices and Barons, or any

'three or more of them, be and are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine all Controversies and Differences arising by Reason or Occasion thereof, in like Manner as they can or may hear or determine any other Matter or Cause referred to their Judgement by Virtue of this or the aforesaid Act for erecting the said Judicature, and may make such Orders and Decrees, either for the transferring the Propriety of such Parcels of Ground left net the said Streets to the Owners of the backward Ground, or by

337

transferring the Propriety of a Proportion of the backward Ground to the Owners of any the said final I Parcels of Ground, or by annexing it to the next adjoining and contiguous Ground, in order to the regular Building thereupon: (3) And for all fi.ich Parcels of Ground, the Propriety whereof shall he so transferred by such Order or Decree of the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid, and for all Charges and Damages concerning the same, such Reconrpence and Satisfaction shall be given by the Builders to the i t spective Proprietors and others interested therein, as shall be awarded by a Jury for A joy. that Purpose to be impanelled by the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, in like Manner as by the aforesaid Act for rebuilding the said City of London is appointed in Case of Satisfaction to be given for Grounds taken and employed for the Uses in that Act mentioned, in Case the Parties concerned will not, or by reason of Infancy or other Impediment cannot, come to Agreement touching the same: (4) Which Orders and Decrees in that Behalf to be made, shall bind ali Parties therein concerned, thetr Heirs, Executors,

Administrators, su.ccefl ors and Assigns, and final 1 be of like Effect as other Decrees made by the said Justices and Ba: ons, or any three or more of them, by Virtue of this or the aforesaid Act; to the Intent that the Building thereupon may extend to the said Streets in a right Line with other Houses there built, and the Owners and others interested of and in the said adjacent and contiguous Grounds, paying to the Owners and others interested of and in the said small Slips and Parcels of Ground, such Satisfaction as shall be ordered and awarded by the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, upon hearing of the Parties concerned (who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the same, and therein to make such Orders and Decrees as in other Causes referred to their Judgement and Determination by this or the aforesaid Act) shall and may for ever hold and enjoy the same by Virtue of this present Act.

XXXVI. And whereas for the further enabling of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of An Imposit!

the said City of London, and their Successors, to perform and accomplish the Works in the said Act for on Sea coals,

rebuilding the said City mentioned; it was thereby enacted, That for all Sorts of Coals, which from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred sixty seven, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy seven, should be brought into the Port of London, or River anj employed of Thames, within the Liberties of the said City, upon the said River to be sold, there should be paid by forinlarging the way of Iroposition thereupon for every Chaldron or Tonne of Coals, the Sum of twelve Pence, to be an Streets and other fwered to the said Mayor and Commonalty, Citizens, and their Deputies and Assigns, and to be applied puw>ck ^0fks'

and disposed unto and for the Satisfaction of such Persons, whose Grounds should, by Virtue and in Pur 1, 1°"', 6-0.^0°

suance of the said act, be taken and employed for the enlarging of the Streets and narrow Passages within 29sep. 1637.

the said City, and other Uses and Purposes in the said act mentioned: (2) But forasmuch as it doth and wiil require far greater Sums of Money to give Satisfaction for the Ground to be taken and employed for \

the enlarging of the Streets, by this and the aforesaid act appointed to be enlarged, and for public Market places, and other the public Uses and Purposes in this act mentioned, than at the Time of the paf sing of the said act was or could be foreseen Therefore for the further enabling of the said Mayor,

Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, and their Successors, to perform the Works in this and the said act for Rebuilding mentioned; and also for the Rebuilding of the respective Pari fit Churches by this act appointed to be rebuilt: (3) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Sorts of Coals which;

( from and after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred and seventy, and before the twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty seven') shall be imported and brought into the said Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberties of the said City, upon the same River, there shall be paid byway of fmpefition thereupon, according to the Rates hereafter mentioned, (that is to say) for all such coals as shall be there Imported and brought in from and after the said sir ft Day of May one thousand six hundred seventy, and before the twenty-fourth 19 Car. 2 C 3. Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy seven, there shall he paid for every Chaldron or Tonne thereof 3- 35, two Shillings, ever and beside the aforesaid Imposition of twelve Pence the Chaldron or Tonne, by the said Act for the rebuilding the City of London appointed to be paid; (4.) and for all such Coals which shall be there Imported and brought in from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy seven, and before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred eighty seven, there shall be paid for every Chaldron or Tonne thereof three Shillings; (3) and the same shall by Virtue of this act be collected, levied and paid in such Sort and Manner, in all and every respect, as in and by the said Act is limited and appointed for the collecting and levying the Duty of twelve Pence the Chaldron or Tonne of Coals imposed by the said Act: And all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions and ru csand Air provisions, in or by the said Act mentioned or provided for the levying and collecting thereof, or for the ihoiitiesforeol orlering or regulating the Payments of the said coal metres or others in the Discharge of their respective J

Offices and Duties, or for the preventing of Fraud and Covin, and Discovery of the just Quantities of all L lltlor"i'

Sorts of Coals to be Imported as aforesaid, and all other Things relating thereunto, shall remain and be in Force, and by Virtue of this present Act shall and may be exercised and put in ure, for the collecting and levying the several Duties aforesaid, and of either of them respectively, according to the Purport and Effect of the aforesaid Act in all and every respect, and that for and during all the '; 'inre by this act limited and appointed for the Payment of the said Impositions or either of them respectively, as if the same were expressly mentioned in this present Act, with Reference to the said Impositions thereby imposed; ail which Moneys so to be received upon Account of the said respective Impositions or either of them, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the City of London, and from thence shall be issued and paid according to the Direction and Appointment of this present Act, and not otherwise.

And the said Chamber of the City o{london shall stand and be charged with all the Residue of the said Moneys there paid in which final] not be issued out and paid accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be raised How the Money upon rhs Receipt of the several and respective Impositions aforesaid, or by such Additional Duty in case of received by Concealment thereof, as by the aforesaid Act is appointed, shall be imploved and disposed in Manner and Means of the

VCL, III XX'Formseveral

jinns shall be <jifp tiled,

Tea Shillings out of every hundred Pound to be defalked for the Mayor, cone fourth Part of the Whole may be implojed in the Repair of St. paul's Church.

Farther provisions relating hereto, X Jac. z. C 15.

The Profits arizing from the Impositions may be engaged to raise a present Stock of Money.

A new Key or Wharf to be made from london brijce to the Temple forty Foot broad.

C ir. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

Form following, (that is to say) three fourth Parts of all the Moneys which from and after the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred seventy, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy and seven, shall be raised or payable upon the Receipt of the aforesaid Imposition of two Shillings for every Chaldron or 'Ion of Coals, or in case of Concealment thereof as aforesaid, shall be employed and disposed for and towards the Rebuilding, Erecting or Repairing of the said Parish Churches respectively, according to such Order and Direction as by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop and Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, or any two of them, shall be given in that Behalf; and the same shall from Time to Time be iifijed out and paid accordingly, unto such Person and Persons as they or any two of them shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seals for that Purpose direct and appoint: (z) And the other fourth Part, Residue thereof, shall be employed for and towards the giving Satisfaction for Grounds set out and employed for enlarging of the Streets, making of Wharves, Keys, Public Marketplaces and other Public Uses, in this and the foresaid Act mentioned and appointed: (3) And that one Moiety of all Moneys which from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy and seven shall be raised or payable upon the aforesaid Imposition of three Shillings the Chaldron or Tun of Coals, or in case of Concealment thereof as aforesaid, shall be employed and disposed for and towards the Rebuilding, Erecting and Repairing of the said respective Parish Churches, by such Order and Direction, and to be issued and paid by such Warrant, of the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop and Lord Mayor of London for the Time being as aforesaid; the other Moiety thereof shall from Time to Time be employed and disposed for the Giving of Satisfaction for Ground set out and employed as aforesaid, and such other public Uses and Purposes as in this and the aforesaid Act are mentioned and appointed.

XL. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Moneys arifingupon the Receipt of the several Impositions aforesaid, or either of them respectively, which in Pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, It shall and may be lawful for the Chamberlain, or such other Person or Persons who shall be appointed to issue out and pay the same, thereout to defaulk and retain for the Use of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City and their successors, the Sum of ten Shillings for every hundred Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Sum thereof, in Lieu of the Trouble, Hazard and incident Charges attending the Receipt and Payment thereof.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury., the Lord Bishop of London and Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, or any two of them as aforesaid, to employ or dispose for and towards the Building or Repairing the Cathedra! Church of St. Paul, one fourth Part of the Money by this Act given and appointed for the Building, Erecting or Repairing of the Parish Churches aforesaid.

XLII. And forasmuch as the Moneys to be raised by such Receipt of the Impositions aforesaid for every Chaldron or Tonne of Coals, by Virtue of this and the aforesaid Act, will not at present raise such a ' Stock or Sum of Money as may be sufficient for the effecting the Ends and Purposes in this and the aforesaid Act mentioned and intended; '

XLIII It is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, shall be and are hereby empowered by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, to engage the Profits arising of the respective Impositions by this Act imposed, and thereby appointed to be employed for and towards the Rebuilding and Erecting, or Repairing of the Cathedral and Parish Churches within the said City respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for that Purpose, to any Person or Persons that shall or will advance any Sums of Money upon that Security: Ail which Moneys so to 1 be borrowed shall be employed for and towards the Rebuilding and Eerefting, or Repairing of the said Cathedral and Parish Churches respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; (2) and in like Manner a]so are hereby further empowered, to assign such Proportion or Proportions of the Moneys, to be paid in Course out of the said Impositions, to the Parishioners of any of the respective Parish Churches, or any other Person or Persons who shall and will secure the Advancement of present Moneys for the Rebuilding of their respective Parish Churches, and shall be willing to accept of such Alignments for his or their Satisfaction of the Moneys to be disbursed and laid out in the Rebuilding thereof; (3) and that the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London and their successors, shall be and are hereby enabled to engage the Residue of the Profits arising of the said Imposition, either by Virtue of this or the aforesaid Act respectively, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed and taken up for that Purpose, by Indenture under their Common Seal, to any Person or Persons that shall or will upon that S curity advance any present Sum or Sums of Money: All which Sum or Sums of Money so to! be borrowed, shall be employed for and towards the Making of such Satisfaction, and other the Uses, Intents and Purposes whereunto the said respective Impositions are by this and the aforesaid Act appointed to be converted and employed, and not otherwise; and also in like Manner shall and may assign any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid in Course out of the said Imposition, to any Person or Persons whose Grounds shall be taken as aforesaid, who are or shall be willing to accept thereof for his or their Satisfaction.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Benefit and Accommodation of Trade, and for other great Conveniences, there shall be left a continued Tract of Ground all along from lov.don bridge to the Temple, of the Breadth of forty Foot of A Size from the north side of the River of Thames, to be converted to a Key, or public and open Wharf; and that in Order thereunto, all Buildings, Sheds, Pales, Walls, Enclosures, and other Obstructions and Impediments whatsoever, now Landing or being within forty Foot Northward of the said River of Thames between the Places aforesaid, (Cranes, Stairs and Docks only excepted) shall within eight Months now next ensuing be taken down and removed, and the said Ground cleared and levelled, and that from henceforth there shall be no Building or

Erection

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

A.D. 1670.

C ir. 339

erection whatsoever (except only Cranes, Stairs and Docks as aforesaid) placed or set within or upon the Lid forty Foot of ground or any Part thereof between the Places aforesaid; and that all Buildings that shall hereafter immediately border upon any Part of the Paid Ground, upon the north side thereof.

Avail front and be placed in the Line that shall be set out for the Bounds of the Breadth of the said forty Foot of Ground Northward; and that the same Building shall be of the second or third Sort or Rate of Buildings mentioned in a former Act of this present Parliament, intituled An act for the Rebuilding the City of 19 Car, ic. London, at the Election of the Rebuilder thereof; wherein such Regularity of Building shall be observed, and under such Penalties, as are contained in the said act in that Behalf, and wherein such Uniformity all'o shall be had, as in other Streets of the said City, except Common Halls for Companies, and other Buildings which shall be otherwise allowed of by his Majesty.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the said tract of Ground of the said Breadth of forty Poot from the said River shall lie open and at large, without any Division or Separation, and that the Bounds of each proprietor's Ground therein shall be distinguished only by dcnter stones to be placed in the Pavement thereof; and that the Line of the whole Key or Wharf between the Places aforesaid, and also the several Cranes and Stairs within the same Places, shall be ascertairied by the direction of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, and set out by their Surveyor accordingly, with his Majesty's Approbation, on or before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and seventy: And further, That no Lighter, Boats or other Vessels, shall lie before any the said Wharves or Keys between the Places aforesaid, on the north side of the said River, longer than shall be necessary, for the Lading or Unlading of Goods, without the Consent and Permission of the Wharfingers or Proprietors thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to lade or unlade any Goods or Merchandizes at any of the said Wharves or Keys for Wharfage and Cranage, whereof every Proprietor, Wharfinger or other Person concerned, shall and may demand and receive such Rates, and no other, for the same, as shall from Time to Time be set out and appointed by his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the further Convenience of The Channel of Trade, the Channel of Bridewell dcck from the Channel of the p.iver of Thames to Holbourn bridge shall be Bndeweii dock sunk to a sufficient Level, whereby to make it navigable; and that the Ground to be set out for the Breadth [^holbcuirn^ of the said Channel, and of the Wharves 011 each Side thereof, shall not be less in Breadth than one hundred Bridge ro be Foot; nor shall exceed one hundred and twenty Foot in Breadth: And that the Line of the said Channel, made navigable, and Wharves and Levels thereof, together with the Cranes and Stairs to be placed thereon, shall be afeer 6 Geo. a. C 22, tained by the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, with his Majesty's Approbation, and set out by the Surveyors accordingly at or before the first Day of May next ensuing; and that all the said Wharf ground on each Side of the said intended River shall lie open and at large (Cranes and Stairs only excepted) without any Division or Separation, and each person's Propriety therein to be distinguished only by denter stones in the Pavement thereof; (2) And that all Buildings that shall hereafter immediately border upon each Side of the said Wharves, shall front and be placed in the Line that shall be set out for the Bounds of the Breadth of the Wharves from the Channel; and that the said Buildings shall be of the second-rate of Buildings mentioned in the said act for Rebuilding, wherein such Regularity of Building shall be observed, and under such Penalties, as are contained in the said at: (3) And that no Lighter, Boat or Vessel shall lie before any the said last mentioned Wharves or Keys, longer than shall be necessary for the Lading or Unlading of Goods, without the Consent or Permission of the Wharfingers or Proprietors thereof; (4) And that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to land any Goods or Merchandizes at any of the said Wharves or Keys within the intended Channel or Cut so to be made for Wharfage or Cranage; whereof every Proprietor, Wharfinger or other Person concerned shall demand and receive such Rates, and no other, for the same, as shall from Time to Time he set and appointed by his said Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council as aforesaid: C And that certain reasonable Rates for Tolls and other Profits arising by the Navigation of the said Channel or Cut, shall he set and appointed by the Lord Mayor and Court of aider men, with Approbation of the Barons of the Exchequer, or two or more of them, and the same Tolls or Profits vested in the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for Preservation of the said Navigation, Sluces, and other incident Charges thereof.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Sinking and Making of the How the Charge said intended Channel of Bridewell dock 2nd Fleet ditch from the Channel of the Thames to Holbourn bridge, ti.all bejetuyed, and the Salles and Sluces for the better Navigation thereon, and the Raising and Sinking other Wharves or Keys on each Side of the said Bridnuell dock and Fleet ditch, (whereby to bring the same to a Level) shall be born and first defrayed by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, out of the said fourth Part of the Imposition to be raised upon Coals by Virtue of this act: (2) And that the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall cause the said Chanels to be sunk, and Wharves or Keys to be reduced to such a Level, as may be proper for the Proprietors of the Ground immediately bordering upon de said Wharves or Keys to build upon, with convenient Access thereto, before the first of August one thousand six hundred and seventy: And in the next Place after the Charge before mentioned shall he born out of the said fourth Part, Satisfaction shall be made out of the same fourth Part to the Proprietors whose Ground hath been or shall be laid open, or from whom any Ground hath been or shall be taken for the said public Use.

XLIX. And whereas some Parts of the said Ground so as aforesaid designed for Public Wharves on the north side of the said River of Thames, and on each Side of the said Channel or Cut, will be much im proved, and some other Parts thereof will he much impaired in Value, by reason of converting the same

to the Uses aforesaid:: 'the End therefore, that an equal and reasonable Course may be held and ufd on each Hand, without Wrong to any Party therein concerned; (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well for the giving Satisfaction to such Persons, whose Ground shall be employed as aforesaid,

X X 2'or

C II

34°

White friars

Dock.

Provision for such as hall rebuild, against see ret Charges and Encumbrances.

One and twenty Years Possession or more, hall enabletheowner to make Leases,

water house at Broken whaif.

19 Car. 2. C 3.

A Street to open fourteen Foot wide from threndnecdle street to loath bury,

bury street in jbeavis mavks.

Proviso to save

harmless

Builders.

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

or thereby impaired or lessened in Value; as also for the Assessing and Raising of Moneys upon those that hall by the Means aforesaid make Improvement or Melioration of any of the said Ground so employed; the same Powers, Authorities, Form and Course of Proceedings, hall in all Things be used, exercised, put in Practice and observed, as are by the said recited Act (made for the Rebuilding of London) ordainej, provided and appointed for Satisfaction to be made for Ground employed for the Enlargement of Streets and railages, and for aireli ments to be made in Consideration of Improvements and Melioration of Houses and Ground; and that the Return of the Key about White friars Dock hall not exceed the Breadth of twenty Foot.

L And for the Security and Encouragement of such as have or hall rebuild upon the Site of any House or Houses burned or demolished by reason of the said late Fire, against secret Charges and Encumbrances, wherewith or whereunto the same hall or may be charged or liable; (z) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such House or Houses alieady built or to be rebuilt within the said City of London or Liberties thereof, nor the Owners or others interested therein, hall after the Rebuilding thereof be further liable to the Satisfaction of any Charge or Charges, Encumbrance or Encumbrances, wherewith or whereunto the same are or may be liable, by any Matter or Thing before the said late Fire, than the Value of the Ground or Soil, in Case the same had not been rebuilt upon, might or would extend to satisfy; unless such Charges or Encumbrances as were contracted thereupon by the now Owners or others interested therein, who shall theml elves be and remain liable to satisfy the same, as if this present Act had never been had or made.

LI. And whereas many Deeds, Evidences and other Writings were in the said Fire lost, burnt or imbezilled, by which Misfortune many Persons who have Land in the said City are rendered unable to make their Right and Title so apparent as can satisfy such as would take Leases of their said Lands, and build upon them (2) Be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who have been lawful Possessors and esteemed Owners of any Ground within the said City, for the Space of one and twenty Years or more, 1 hall grant a Lease to any Person or Persons of the said Land upon a valuable Ground rent, so to be esteemed by the said Mayor and Aldermen or any three of them, if the said Land hall afterward be recovered from the said Person so granting. That the Lease shall be good and valid, the Builders only paying the aforesaid Ground rent to the Person unto whom the Ground shall rightly belong, hall be freed from all Charge and Trouble; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And whereas the water house at or near Broken wharf was wholly burnt down and consumed in the Time of the late dreadful Fire, which being found impossible to be rebuilt with Brick, the Owners thereof have at their very great Charge lately rebuilded the said House with Timber, and made the same useful for serving the Inhabitants of the City with Water; '(2) Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Owners and their Assigns are hereby and hall for ever hereafter be saved harmless and indemnified from all Trouble or Penalties, for or by Reason of their building the said. House with Timber as aforesaid; anything in this Act or in the former Act for rebuilding the City of London to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIII. Provided, That no Continuance of the said Restraint from Building shall extend to the water house at i.ondon bridge, but that the same may be built according as in the former Act is provided.

LIV. Provided always, That it may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Owners and Proprietors of any fuclt Ground meant or contained within this Act, to leave any old Foundations of his or theirs unbuilt, to make any new Street or Passage, or to enlarge any old ones, the said Owners or Proprietors taking Care within convenient Time after their Building, sufficiently to pave and amend all such Street and Pafliiges; anything in this Act or any other Act, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the City of London, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall be hereby empowered to cause a Street to be opened fourteen Foot wide, if they shall so think fit, from the west end of Threadncedle jlrect down to Loathbwy, in case the Proprietors do not voluntarily so open it before the four and twentieth Day of June next, making such Allowances to the Owners and others interested, as by the former Act for opening of Streets is directed; Street shall be and continue an open Street for ever.

LVI. Provided always., and be it hereby enacted, That the Remainder of Bury street in Bcavis marks which is not yet new built, may be built after the Pattern and Model of the other new Building in the said Street; anything in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And whereas many Builders of Houses within the said City, and the Liberties thereof, have (for the more Regularity of Building, and making many of the Streets and Lanes more straight and beautiful than otherwise they would have been) by and with the Appointment and Approbation of the said Surveyors, advanced their Foundations in many Places further into the Streets and Lanes thereof, upon the Soil of the said Streets and Lanes, than the fameformerly flood, whereby some Difference may hereafter poftibly arise, either between our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, or between the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, or other Proprietors of the Ground so built upon, '

' and the said Builders, or such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom the Inheritance

of the said Houses so built, now doth or hereafter hall belong: '(2) For Prevention whereof, Be it further enacted, That all Ground and Soil so taken, or which hereafter hall or may be so taken out of the said Streets or Lanes or any of them, shall from henceforth for ever he united and annexed to the said Houses: that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politic and Corporate, giving such Satisfaction to his Majesty, or to the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, or other the respective Owners or Proprietors of the Ground so built upon, and according to such Rates as are or ought to be given and allowed for Ground taken and employed for the Enlarging of Streets, by Virtue of the aforesaid Act for rebuilding of the said City, shall and may hold and enjoy the said respective parce!s_

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

C I T.

341

of Ground or Soil so built upon, united and annexed to such Buildings, for and during such Terms and Estates as he and they respectively have, or hereafter shall have, of and in the said Houses and Buildings; any Matter or Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LVIII. And whereas the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of the Mercers of the City of London are now building, pursuant to a Design approved of by by his Majesty, anew school house with Houses thereto adjoining, for the Accommodation of the Mailer, Sub master and Chaplain thereof, partly upon the Sites and Tolts of the late School called St. paul's School, and the former Houses of the said and Chaplain, and partly upon some Ground next adjoining, being Part of the churchyard belonging to the Cathedral Church of St. paul's, London: And whereas other Parts of the former Site Paul's School of the said late School and of other Houses adjoining, have been also by his Majesty's Directions cut off 1>u*11 die and laid into the said churchyard, for the Enlargement and Accommodation of the pass.ige at the East end of the said Cathedral (2) Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Ground adjoining to pa/tnfsi.paul's the Site of the said late School and former Houses, as is comprised within the Foundation of the said new churchyard, School and Houses now building for the said Mailers and Chaplain, be and are hereby veiled and settled on anl confirmed

the said Wardens and Commonalty and their Successors for ever, as the said late School and former Houses to them'

were before the said Fire; and that the said other Parts of the former Site of the said late School and other Houses adjoining, laid unto the churchyard as aforesaid for the Enlargement of the latepassage, hall continue a Passage forever, and he and are hereby veiled and settled on the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. paul's aforesaid, and their Successors forever, as the Residue of the said churchyard is

and was heretofore; anything in this atto the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be taken to veil or settle the pr°viso for the Church of St. Paul and St. Faith, or any Part thereof, or the Church of St. Gregory by St. paul's, or any of them, or the churchyards to any of them belonging or appertaining, or any Part of any of them, in Stj P "'u^ the Mayor, 'Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, or any of them, or in any other Person or St. Gregory. Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, other than the Ground whereupon St. paul's School and Houses thereunto belonging, are by this at appointed to be rebuilt; anything in this at notwithstanding.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whereas the Alley called whites alley in Golcman jhcet, London, was not wholly burnt down in the said late Fire, but the one Plalf cm'ul* part thereof, or near thereabouts, is yet Landing; neither was the said Alley ever any through Passage, nor will the Enlarging thereof be any Ornament or Advantage to the said City; therefore it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Proprietors of and in the said Alley, to rebuild their several Houses on both Sides thereof, which were burnt or demolished by Reason of the said late Fire, upon their old Foundations respectively; This present or the said former Act for rebuilding the City of London, or anything therein contained, or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And further, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for ever hereafter the said Mayor and marketplace Commonalty and Citizens of London, may and hall have a Market to be kept three or four Days in the ', lth, n New week, as to them flial 1 feeni convenient, upon the Ground now set out by the Assent of the Dean and lain°'ne cht' Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London, for a marketplace within Newgate: (2) And that by Lcale or J the said Dean and Chapter shall make and give one or more Lease or Leases of the said Ground, to the otherwise. said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, and also of the Wall of the said churchyard, abutting severally upon pater noster rovj and the Old change, for the Term of forty Years, reserving the yearly Rent of four Pounds for the Ground of the said marketplace, and twopence for every superiicial Foot of the Ground or Soil of the said Wall, as it is now set out by the Surveyors of the City, and of the said Dean and Chapter; and so from forty Years to forty Years for ever, at the like yearly Rent, and one year's Rent after the Rates aforesaid to be paid by way of Fine for each of the said Grounds respectively, upon the Making every new Lease thereof: Which said Lease and Leases shall be good and effectual in the Law, as against the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and all Persons claiming by, from or under them: And. that no House, Shed or other Building hall landor hereafter be erected and fixed upon the said Marketplace, other than the market house already built, without the Consent of the said Dean and Chapter j anything in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

' lxii/'and whereas by a late Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the City of 19 Car. 2. C j

' London, it was enacted, That the Parishes to be rebuilded within the said City of London, in Lieu of those 31which were demolished by the late dreadful Fire, should not exceed the Number of thirty-nine: But for as much as upon an exabt Survey taken of the Number of Houses to be rebuilded, and of the Extent of the respective Parishes necessary to be settled and continued within the said City, It doth appear that the Parishes to be settled and continued, and the Parish Churches to be rebuilded within the said City of London, in Lieu of those demojithed or confirmed by the said late Fire, cannot conveniently, by Union or otherwise, be reduced to a less Number than fifiy one (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority afore fifty-one pi said. That the Number of Parishes to be settled, and of Parish Churches to be rebuilded, within the said to be City of London, shall be fifty-one; the aforesaid Act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary of London.ty notwithstanding.

LXIII. And that the fifty-one Parishes so to be continued shall be as hereafter followeth. That is to say, The Names of a.halloivs lombard street, St. Bartholomew Exchange, St. Bridget, alias Brides, St. Bonnets Fink, St. Michaels the fifty-one crooked lane, St. Christophers, St. Dionis Back church, St. Dunjlans in the East, st..'james garlic hitbe, St.

Michael Cornhill, St. Michael bajjijhaw, St. Margaret Loathbury, St. Mary Aldermanbury, St. Martin lml gate, St. Peters Cornhill, St. Stephens Coleman street and St. Sepulchres, shall remain and continue as heretofore they were: (2) And that the respective Parish Churches to each of the said Parishes belonging shall be rebuilded and continued for theule of the said Parishes, and that the several Parishes hereafter men Parishes united tioned shall be respectively united into one Parish, in Manner hereafter following, that is to say, The Parishes ani. joinefi of Alhallows Bread street and Saint John Evangelist shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore

ur

34-2

C II

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

A.D. 1670.

fore belonging to the said Parish of Alhallows Bread jlrcet shall be rebitilded, and shall be the Parish Church of the said Parishes so united: The Parishes of Alhallows the Great and Alhallows the Less shall be united into one Parish, (3) and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Alhallows the Great shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (4) The Parishes of Saint Albans Woodjlreet and Saint Olavcs Silver street shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Albans Woodjlreet shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (5) The Parishes of Saint Anne and Agnes and Saint John Zachary shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Anne and Agnes shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (6) The Parishes of Saint Aujlins and Saint Faiths shall be united into one Parish, and the Church hereofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Aujlins shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (7) The Parishes of St. Andrew Wardrobe and St. Anne Blackfriars shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Andrew Wardrobe shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (8) The Parishes of St. Antholins and St. John baptist shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Antholins shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (9j The Parishes of St. Bennet grace church and St. Leonard east cheap shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Bennet grace church shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (10) The Parishes of St. Bennet pauls wharf and Si. Peter pauls ivharf shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Bennet pauls wharf shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united:

(11) The Parishes of Christ church and Saint Leonard fojler lane shall be united into one Pabifir, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Chr'jl church shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (12) The Parishes of Saint Edmond the King and Saint Nicholas Aeons shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Edmond the King shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (13) The Parishes of Saint George botolph lane and Saint Botolph Billingsgate shall be united into one. Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint George botolph lare shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (14) The Parishes of Saint Lawrence Jury and Saint magdauns Milk street shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Lawrence Jury shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: -(13) The Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New fish street shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint magnus.shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (16) The Parishes of Saint Michael Royal and Saint Martins Vintry shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Michael Royal shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (17) The Parishes of Saint Matthew Friday street and Saint peters cheap shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mattbciv Friday street shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (18) The Parishes of Saint Margaret Pattens and Saint Gabriel Fenchurch shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Margaret Pattens shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (19) The Parishes of Saint Mary Atthill and Saint Andrew Hubbord shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary Atthill shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (20) The Parishes of Saint Mary Wolnoth and Saint Mary Wool' church shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary Wolnoth shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (21) The Parishes of Saint Clement Eajicheap and Saint Martins Organ shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Clement Eastcheap shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (22) The Parishes of Saint alary ab church and Saint Lawrence Pountney shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary ab church shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (23) The Parishes of Saint Mary Aldcrmary and Saint Thomas Apostles fba'l be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary alde rr.ary shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (24) The Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Saint Pancras soaper lane and Alhallovjs honey lane shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bow shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (2;,) The Parishes of Saint Mildreds Poultry and Saint Mary Cole church shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mildreds Poultry shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (26) The Parishes of Saint Michael Woodjlreet and Saint alary Staining shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Michael Wood street shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (27) The Parishes of Saint Mildred Breaa jlrect and Saint Margaret alofes shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mildred Breadjlreet shall be the Parish church of the Parishes so united: (28) The Parishes of Saint Michael sjucen hith and Trinity shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of Saint Michael jjuecn hhh shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (29) The Parishes of St. alary Magdalens Old fish street and St. Gregnries shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. alary Magdalen Old pljh jlrect shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (30) the parishes of St. Mary Somerset and St. alary Muntbaiu shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. alary Somerset shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (31) The Parishes of St. Nicholas Cole abby and St. Nicholas Olaves shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Nicholas Cole abby shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (32) The Parishes of St. Olaves Jury and St. Martins Pomroy, alias ironmonger lane, shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Olaves Jury shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (33) The Parishes of St. Stephen Walbrook

3 and

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

A.D. 1670.

11,

34-3

and St. Bennet Sherhog shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of St. Stephen ivalbrook shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (34) The Parishes of St. Swithin and St. Mary Botbazv shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Swithin shall be the Parish church of the said Parishes so united: (35) The Parishes of St. Vcclajl alias St. Fojlers and St. Michael Quern shall be united into one Parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said Parish of St. Vcclajl alias St. Foflers shall be the Parish church of the said parishes so united.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said respective Churches to be rebuilded within the said City of London and Liberties thereof shall be built and erected according to such Models, and of such Dimcnhons, and in such Manner and Form in all Respects, as by the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, (with his Majesty's Approbation thereof) shall be directed and appointed. (2) And the said respective Parishes herein before mentioned and appointed to be united as aforesaid, shall for ever hereafter remain and continue so united and conl olidated and annexed unto the several and respective Parish churches by this Act appointed to be rebuilded as aforesaid; the respective Parishioners, and the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes so to be united as aforesaid by 1 orce of this present Act, shall hereafter resort to the said Churches respectively, as to their proper Parish church: And all Tithes and other Duties heretofore due and payable to the respective Incumbents of the said Parish churches respectively, shall hereafter be paid and payable to the Incumbent of that Church only, which by this Act is appointed to be rebuilded and established for the Parish church of the Parishes so united as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Plate and Goods heretofore belonging to any of the Churchwardens of any the Parishes of those Parishes burnt down, which are not now to be rebuilded, for the Use of the said Churches, shall be enjoyed by the respective churchwardens, and their Successors, of the respective Parishes of such Churches to be rebuilded respectively, whereunto the said other Churches burnt down are united by this Act, to the Use of the said Churches and Parishes respectively.

LXVI. Provided always, That the Sites of the Churches to be demolished, and the churchyards belonging to the same, shall be enclosed with Brick or stonewalls for Burial places for the Parishes formerly belonging to the same, and the Parishes to which they are respectively united as aforesaid, and not used or employed for any other Purpose whatsoever; excepting such of the Sites and churchyards, or Parts of Sites and churchyards of the said Parish churches so demolished as aforesaid, as are already laid into the Streets and marketplaces so set out for that Purpose, or such other as shall within two Years now next following be thought fit by the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, with the Content of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Bishop of London, and by his Majesty's Approbation, to be laid into the Streets and Markets for Inlargement and Accommodation thereof, or for public store places.

LXVII. Provided always, That where any Part of the Churches or churchyards of any of the said Parish churches hereby appointed to be rebuilt and continued, have been thought fit by the Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City, to be laid into any of the Streets within the said City for Inlargement thereof; and by Order of the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, shall have been before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand LIX hundred and seventy, slaked and set out accordingly: It is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Grounds so slaked out shall be made Use of for the lnlarging of the said Streets, according as the same were for that Purpose slaked and set out as aforesaid; present Actor anything therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That notwithstanding such Union as aforesaid, each and every of the Parishes so united, as totfll Rates, Taxes, Parochial Rights, Charges and Duties, and all other Privileges, Liberties and Respects whatsoever, other than what are herein before mentioned and specifed, shall continue and remain distinct, and as heretofore they were, before the Making of this present Act: (2) And that the several and respective Patrons of the said Churches lb united shall and may present by Turns to that Church only which by this Act is appointed to be rebuilded and efkiblished for the Parish church of the Parishes so united as aforesaid: sir ft Presentment to be made by the Patron of such of the said Churches, the Endowments whereof are of the greatest yearly Value.

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to deprive the present Incumbents, which at the Time of the said late Fire were or now are in Possession of any of the said Parish churches not to be rebuilded, or any of them, of the Tithes or other Profits heretofore belonging to their respective Churches, so long as they shall assist in serving the Cure, and other Offices belonging to their Duty in the Parish church whereunto their respective Parishes shall be united and annexed by Virtue of this Act, according to the Direction of the Ordinary; anything in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Saving to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Sueceflers, the Tenths and first fruits of all such Parish churches as by Force of present Act shall be united and consolidated as aforesaid, according to such Rates and Valuations as the same do respectively stand rated and valued at, in his Majesty's Court of first fruits and Tenths; anything in this present Act notwithstanding: Saving also to all other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs and Successors, all Pensions, Annuities and Payments whatsoever, heretofore due from and payable by any of the Rectors, Vicars and Curates of any of the said Churches united or consolidated as aforesaid; any Thing in this present Act notwithstanding.

LXX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Warden and Minor Canons of Saint paul's Church London, Parson and Proprietors of the Rectory of the Parish of Saint Grcgories aforesaid, to receive and enjoy all Tithes, Oblations and Duties arising or growing due within the said Parish, in as large and beneficial Manner as formerly they have or lawfully might have done; anything herein to to the contrary notwithstanding

And

The same p rish churchts shall be rebuilt nccoid ng to Models appointed by ihc Art h bishop ofcanterbury, Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, with ring's Approbation.

Plate and Good? belonging to Churches not to be rebuilt, shall beenj tied by the Churchwardens, Sec. of those rebuilded. churchyards to to be ireload with Walls to make buiial places.

notwithstanding the Union, the Parishes as to all Rates, Charges and Privilege to remain di flindk

Proviso for the present Incumbents of Churches not to be rebuilds

344

G. II

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

Saint Mary Cole Church. A frte.schooj,

Provision that Par Tonnes rmy nnt be sued for Dilapidations.

Parsons and Vicars exempted from first fmits, Tenths and p^nfions.

Indemnified for not reading the t.hirly nine Aitieles.

Impowered to let Leaks of their Giebe lands.

T veo Poflern* nt Ludgate, and the Gare to be enlarged.

A.D. 170.

LXXI. And whereas the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of the Mercers of the City of ' lo7ul.n, at the Time of the fliid Fire, were seized in Fee of the Rectory and Parish church impropiiate of St. alary Cole church, (the said Church being an Upper room about ten Foot higher than thestieet, and lying over certain Rooms and arched Vaults or Cellars of the said Wardens and Commonalty) upon the Site of which church they have designed to build a free school, and other Buildings conformable to the rules of the said former Act, and to remove the dead Bodies and Bones of such as have been buri: d 4 upon the Arches, and to catife them to be decently reposed within the Body of their Chapel, commonly called Mercers chapel; '(2) Be it therefore hereby enacted, That the Site of the said parish churai, and the Materials thereof remaining upon the said Site, be and are hereby settled upon the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors for ever: And that the said Wardens and Commonalty hall pay to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the same, such Sum of Money towards the Rebuilding of the Church whereunto the same is by this Act' appointed to be united, as shall be agreed upon between the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and the said Wardens and Commonalty, or be aiie/led by a Jury impanelled and sworn, as by the said former Act is directed in any othercafe; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. And whereas several parish churches, Chancels, Parsonage and Vicarage Houses were con fumed in the late dismal Fire; to the End therefore the Incumbents, Parsons and Vicars may not be liable to the Rebuilding of their Chancels, Parsonage and Vicarage Houses, nor ro be sued for Dilapidations (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Incumbents, Parsons and Vicars of the aforesaid Churches, their Executors and Administrators, shall be and are hereby indemnified, as to the Rebuilding of their respective Chancels, Parsonage and Vicarage Houses, and shall not be liable to any Suits, Troubles or mo le/lations that may arise for Dilapidations aforesaid; that no Process shall be iitued out of any Court whatsoever against the persons aforesaid, for their not Rebuilding their respective Chancels and Parsonage and Vicarage Houses; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And whereas first fruits, Tenths and several Pensions are from the said Parsons and Vicars to be yearly paid to his Majesty, and several Duties to the Ordinary and Archdeacon, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased, that it may be enacted; and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Parsons and Vicars he indemnified, and are hereby indemnified, from the Payment of all First fruits, Tenths and Pensions due and which shall be due to his Majesty, and from all Dues to the Ordinary and Archdeacon, and all other Dues whatsoever chargeable upon them respectively, until such Time as they shall receive the Profits arising from the same as formerly: (2) And that no Process shall be issued out of any Court whatsoever against the Persons aforesaid, for their nonpayment of first fruits, Tenths, Pensions or any other the Dues aforesaid; Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise not "withstanding.

LXXIV. And whereas diverse Ministers have been already since the Fire, and may be from Time to Time preferred and instituted, and being so are liable to the Forfeitures of their several Livings for not reading the thirty-nine Articles, and for not doing other Things enjoined by Law in their several Parish Churches; '(2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Ministers as have been or shall be from Time to Time presented and instituted since the said Fire, be and are hereby indemnified from the federal Penalties and Forfeitures incurred and to be incurred by or for not Reading of the thirty-nine Articles, or not doing other Things enjoined by Law as aforesaid, until such Time as the said several Churches be re edified or made fit for public wor/hip.

LXXV. And whereas the said Parsons and Vicars, or some of them, are interested in several Glebe Lands or Grounds, the which they cannot rebuild themselves, nor let such Lease or Leases as may be an Encouragement for others to rebuild the same; '(2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Parsons and Vicars and every of them respectively, be impowered and are hereby impowered to let such Lease or Leases of their said Glebe Lands or Grounds, with the Consent and Approbation of the Patron or Patrons and Ordinary, for any i erm not exceeding forty Years, and at such yearly Rents without Fine, as can be obtained for the same; (3) and that no Lapses incurred upon any non presentation in due Time of any of the Patrons of the said Livings since the said Fire shall any Ways prejudice or make void the Presentarions that the said Patrons have since made, whereupon any Incumbent is since instituted and inducted; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That if the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the aid City of London Avail be concerned in Estate or Title in any Controversy or Difference, whereof the Determination is by this or the aforesaid Act referred to the Hearing and Judgement of the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen; that then and in every such Case the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Picas and the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of them, upon Complaint to them made, hall be and are hereby authorised to hear and finally order and determine the same; anything in this or the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, and the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen are hereby authorised and required to catife to be made two Pofterns, one on either Side of the Gate commonly called Ludgate, for the better Ease and Convenience of Foot passengers, and in order hereunto are also impowered to enlarge the said Gate as they hall find Cause.

LXXVIII. And whereas by the said Act for the rebuilding the City of London, it was enacted, That where any Ground formerly budded upon (the Houses whereupon built were demolished at the Time of the said late Fire) shotild not within three Years then next ensuing be rebttilded upon, Then after Proclamation publicly made, and Inquiry and Valuation made and taken of the Ground whereupon such Houses were situate, by Inquest of a Jury, in such. Sort and Manner as in and by the said Act is mentioned and appointed, the said Mayor and Aldermen, and Common Council might make Sale thereof:

their Ground at the most improved Rent.

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II 1 C 11. 345

(2) It is hereby declared and enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council shall not wvo/or not by Virtue of the said Act proceed to the Sale of any such Ground or Soil whereupon any such Houses were situate, for not rebuilding thereupon, before the four and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and one; nor shall any Ground he sold by Virtue of this or the aforesaid Act, in Case any Person for the making of any Court, Yard, Garden or other Easement, shall leave some Part of the ancient Foundation unbuilt upon backwards.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Persons seized or interested of any House or Tenant in Tali, Houses burned or demolished by reason of the said late Fire, in Tail, for Life or Lives, or Years deter ln»y <ierrif= minable upon Life, with Remainder to their Heirs or issue Male or Female, or to their first or other Son or \

Sons, Daughter or Daughters, in Tail, or other like Estate; That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Tenant in Tail, for Life or Years, with such Remainder as aforesaid, by Indenture under their respective Hands and Seals, to demise the Ground or Soil of such burned or demolished Houses, without any line or Fines, and at the most improved annual Rent, to any Person or Persons that shall or will rebuild thereupon, for any Term of Years not exceeding fifty Years: Which Leases so made shall bind and conclude as well all and every the Heirs and Issue of such Tenant in Tail as the first: and every other Son and Sons, Daughter or Daughters, or other. Ill'ue of such Tenant for Life or Years, as those in Reversion or Remainder; and the Houses thereupon built shall be held and enjoyed by the respective Lessees thereof and their Assigns, (paying the said Rent to the Persons in Reversion or Remainder) during the Term, and according to the Purport of such Leases by Virtue of this present Act.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to the House Sergeants tnn called Sergeants inn in Fleet jlrect, of which the Society of Judges and Sergeants at Law were Tenants at in fleet street. the Time of the late Fire and many Years before; That the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Succefifors, and his or their Privy Council, shall be and are hereby empowered to hear and determine all Differences and Demands whatsoever touching the said House with the Appurtenances, and all Things else to do relating to the Rebuilding thereof and to make Orders and Decrees concerning; the same, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer might", 'could or may do concerning any other Houses burnt down by the late Fire, by Virtue of this and the said former Act or either of them, (z) And his said Majesty and Council are hereby also empowered to Order and Decree such Satisfaction and Recompense unto Robert Mellish of the Inner Temple Esquire, as to them shall seem just and reasonable; to Order and Decree one Lease of the pre misses, whereof the Inheritance belongeth to the Dean and Chapter of Tori, not exceeding in the whole, sixty Years, for the Use of the said Society; and the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors are hereby enabled and enjoined to make accordingly: And what shall be so ordered or decreed by his said Majesty and Council as aforesaid, shall he good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes by Virtue of this Act; and the said Judges and Barons of the Exchequer are hereby excluded from making any Order or Decree touching the said House with the Appurtenances.

LXXXI and whereas a great Number of Houses heretofore erected and built upon or very near to The Houses the Tower ditch of the City of London, were at or a little Time after the said late great Fire, pulled or p»h«f_down blown down for Safeguard of the said Tower, and are not thought fit to be rebuilt there: And whereas some Houses are yet standing which were in Lease for several Years yet to come, with other Houses pul to be rebuilt.

' led down, at and for certain entire yearly Rents; which said Rents are wholly now claimed by diverse Landlords, as if the said Houses were yet standing; and diverse Suits in Law are and will be daily brought against Tenants for Breach of Covenants of the said Leases incurred since that Time (2) Be it there Differences fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, about the same shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Differences that may arise between the said licfjrred tottie

Landlords and Tenants, as if the said Houses had perished by the late dreadful Fire.

Judges.

LXXXII. And whereas several Sheds, Shops and other Buildings have been erected (since the late shops in Smith

Fire) in Smithfield, moorfields and other void Places within the said City and Liberties thereof, field, Moorfields, ' by Licence of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the said City, for the Accommoda and other void

tion of such Inhabitants whose Houses were then burnt or demolished, for the better carrying on of their respective Trades; which if they should be suffered to have longer Continuance than the present Exi End removed

' gence of the Occupiers thereof doth require, would be an Occasion to divert the Trade of the City, and before the ?qth to discourage such as have rebuilt Houses within the said City: '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the Au of Sept. 1674. thority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the Time being shall be and are hereby empowered and required to cause ail and every the said Sheds, Shops and other Buildings aforesaid, to be taken down and removed at or before the nine and twentieth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy four.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit in any Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done, committed or brought fur put executed by Virtue of this or the aforesaid Act for rebuilding the said City of London, or of any Clause or unguvs Act m Article in this or the aforesaid Act contained; That then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defen on r^lfibe dants may plead the General Issue, (Not guilty) and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at ro, y"be pleaded, any Trial thereupon to be had; and if a verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall be non and this act, suit or discontinue his Action after the Defendant hath appeared, the Defendant shall recover double Costs, C siven ir to be awarded for his or their wrongful Vexation in that Behalf. Evidence.

LXXXIV. Provided always, That this Act or anything therein contained shall not extend or be construed to alter or make void any Matter or Thing done or to be done by Virtue of any Commission or Commissions given or granted or to be given or granted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in pursuance of two Acts of Parliament; viz. one in the first Year of Queen Elizabeth, and another in the four 1 El. C xr. teenth Year of his now majesty's Reign, or of either of them, or of any other Law or Right, whereby his

See farther 22 S'3 Car. 2. f. J J

13 EJ. i. flat.

2 If 3 PM. c. 3.

All the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways, to be put in Execution. Burn, V i. 536. 1 Haw, P, C cb, 76.

Penalty for Neglect,

Lands given for the Maintenance of causeys, Highways,

B idges, C to be farmed at the most. improved yearly Value.

13 & 14. Car. 2 CV 6. §. 9.

Forfeiture for refitting the of ficus.

[Treble Costs.]

Times for repairing the Highways.

Defedsto bepre fented where the Places defective lie.

See 5 Si 6 W. tz M. C 11. Lands, Houses, C in the Suburbs of London,

C 12. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

Majesty, his Heirs and successors may or ought to appoint such and so many open Places to be Keys and Wharves within the City of London, and may also declare the Bounds, Limits, Extents and Privileges of the Port of London and all other Ports of England, with several other Powers and Privileges for the prefer vation of his Majesty's Revenue of the Customs colleted there; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An Additional Act for the better Repairing of Highways and Bridges.

' T? O R the better Repairing and Amending of the Highways, now generally spoiled by the extraordinary 1 JP and unreasonable Lading of Wagons and other Carriages, and the neglet of repairing and preserv ing the same) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Constables and Surveyors of the Highways from Time to Time during their Continuance, in such their Office or Offices shall cause the several Acts of Parliament heretofore made and yet in Force for or touching the Repairing, Amending or Enlarging of Highways, not hereby in any Part altered or repealed, to be put in Execution within the Limits of their respective Parishes and Places, and the Penalties thereby imposed to be levied and disposed of as by the said several Adds is directed; (3) And every Constable or Surveyor of the Highways, refuting or neglecting to put the said Adds in Execution, or wilfully suffering any Wagons or Carts to pass through his respective Limits with any more Horses or other Cattle, or in other Manner, than by this Add is allowed, Trail upon Complaint thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the Place or Division where such Negledd shall be proved to be done, by the Oath of any one credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) or upon View of the Justice himself, be thereof convidded; (4; and shall incur such Fine as the same Justice shall think fit to impose on such Officer, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings for any one Offence; the same Fine to be levied by the High Constable of such Place or Division or any other Officer, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justices of the Peace, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Persons so offending (rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof, all necessary Charge in levying the same being first deducted) to be employed for the amending of the Highways of the Parish or Place where such neglet shall be found, as the said Justice or Justices iiiall appoint for the doing thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands have been or shall be given for the Maintenance of causeys, Pavements, Highways and Bridges, all such Persons that are or shall be enfeoffed or trusted with any such Lands shall let them to Farm at the most improved yearly Value without Fine; (2) and that the Justices of the Peace in their open Sessions shall and may inquire by such Ways and Means as they think fitting, into the Value of all such Lands so given or to be given, and order the Improvement and employ ment of the Rents and Profits thereof, according to the Will and Direction of the Donor of such Lands, if they find that the Persons so entrusted have been negligent or faulty in the Performance of their Trust (except such Lands as have been given to the Uses aforesaid, to any College or Hall in either of the Universities of this Kingdom which have Visitors of their own;,) any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That one Clause contained in the Act of this present Parliament, intiru'ed, An Act for enlarging of Highways, concerning the Breadth of the Tyre of all Wagon and cart wheels, is and shall hereby stand repealed and be void; (2) and it is further enacted, That in Case any Person or Persons shall resist or make forcible Opposition against any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act or any the ats before mentioned, or shall make any Rescue of any Cattle or other Goods distrained by Virtue of this or any of the said ats; That every such Person being convited thereof in Manner aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings: (3) And in Case he do not pay the said Sum within seven Days after Notice of such Conviction, Then it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Opposition or Rescue shall be made, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County where such Offence shall he committed, there to remain until the said Forfeiture shall be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for that Parish where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Amendment of the Highways of the same Pari Hi; (4) and if any ation or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any Matter or Thing done by Means of this Act, the same shall be laid in the proper County where the fat was done and not elsev/here; and the Defendants may plead the General Blue and give the special Matter in Evidence: (5) And be it appear at the Trial that the fat was done by Authority of this Act, and the Jury shall find for the Defendant; he thereupon (as also in Case the Plaintiff be nonsuit or discontinue his ation) shall recover his Treble Costs sustained by reason of such ation or Suit. (6) Provided, That in such Places where the Highways cannot he sufficiently repaired before the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist yearly, the same may and shall be sufficiently repaired before the Feast of Saint Luke yearly, without incurring any Penalty for the not doing thereof before the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, according to the said former Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all defets of Repairs of causeys, Pavements, Highways or Bridges shall be presented in the County only where such causeys, Pavements, Highways or Bridges do lie, and not elsewhere; (2) and that no such Presentment or inditment shall be removed by Certiorari, or otherwise, out of the said County, till such inditment or Presentment be traversed, and Judgement thereupon given.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Occupiers and Inhabitants, or where there are no Inhabitants or Occupiers, the respective Owners of all and singular the Lands, Houses, out houses,

C. 12.

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. 347

Walls and Buildings, fronting and adjoining to any of the Highways, Streets or Lanes within the Suburbs Southwark and of London and the Liberties thereof, and the Borough of Southwark, and the City and Liberty of Wrjlmin wcfi?'nl'er* Jhr, or Precincts thereof, which are or shall be paved, shall and are hereby liable to all Rates, Assessments, xflcmtientvfo? Penalties and distreftes which shall be had or made towards the Scavengers Rates for the Places aforesaid, the Scavengers, in such Manner as by an Act of this present Parliament, made and enacted in the fourteenth Year of his j. Cjr. majesty's Reign for repairing of the Highways and Sewers, is directed and appointed: (2) And that where C 2. any Ground shall lie at the End of any of the said Streets or Lanes, or any other Place of which there may he a Dispute who ought to pave or amend the same, that in such Case the Justices of Peace for the said Places respectively, Hi all have hereby full Power and Authority in their Quarter scfirons, 'to order and determine the same j which Order shall be binding to all Persons whatsoever therein concerned; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth travellingwag day of June next ensuing, no Travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, wherein any Burdens, tens, Wains, C Goods or Wares are or shall he carried (other than such Carts and Carriages as are employed in and about carrying Goods, Husbandry and Manuring of Lands, and in the carrying of Hay, Straw, Corn unthreflit, Coal, Chalk, fra'^'^l^with Timber for Shipping, Materials for Building, Stones of all Sorts, or inch Ammunition or Artillery which f ve Hurfes at "shall be for his Majesty's Service) shall at any one Time travel, or be drawn, or go in any common or pub jength. See lick Highway or Road, with above five Horse beasts at Length; and if any shall draw with a>greater Num 6 Ann. C 29. bee of Horses or Oxen, they shall all draw in Pairs, that is to say, two abreast for such Number as they9ann. C 18. shall use, except one Horse; Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.'aiiant*

j Geo. 1. c. 12. 14 Geo. i. C 42. 15 Geo. 2. c. 2. 16 Geo. 2. c. 29.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Owner of any Wagon, Cart, Carriage, Horse beasts or The Forfeiture

Oxen, offending contrary to this Act, shall forfeit for every of the said Offences the Sum of forty Shil fr offending iings; one third Part thereof to the Surveyors of the Highways of the Town, Village or Hamlet where

any the said Offences shall be committed, to be employed in the Repairs of the said. one other g

third Part to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where any of the said Offences shall be committed, Zi' to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish; and the other third Part to him that shall discover the same; to be imposed and levied in such Manner, as the Penalties in this Act imposed on every Constable or Surveyor of the Highways for refusing or neglecting to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament yet in Force, for or touching the repairing, amending or enlarging of such Highways, are directed and appointed.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ft hat in such Places where there is no Use of Mending the Carts and Teams for the Amendment of Highways, but the Usage and Practice is to carry Stones, Gravel, Highway Earth or other Materials for such Amendment, upon the Backs of Horses, or by any other Kinds of Carriages; That in all such Places the Inhabitants using any such Horses or other Carriages, shall send in such

their Horses as are accustomed to that kind of Labour, and such their other Carriages, with able Persons to work with the same, in like Manner, and under the like Directions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as by any former Statute for repairing of Highways is appointed for Carts and Teams.

IX. Provided also, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons defauliersthcre shall sail or make Default to do their respective Days Labour in every Year for and towards the Repairing in, ij'«r Pumft* of the Highways, or neglect to send their respective Carriages, Horses and Carts, according as by Law they ment

are respectively required; it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of every Parish, and they are hereby required, to make Complaint thereof to the next Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised and required, upon Proof of any such Default or Neglect made before them by the Oath of one credible Witness, (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer) to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every Person failing or neglecting as aforesaid, (and not having a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices) the several Penalties hereafter mentioned (rendering the Overplus, reasonable Charges of Distraining being first deducted) that is to say, (2) for every Day Labourer sailing or neglecting as is aforesaid, one Shilling and sixpence; and for every Man and Horse that shall make Default, three Shillings; and for every Cart with two Men, ten. Shillings, for every respective Day wherein they shall make Default; which respective Penalties so levied, shall be employed for and towards the repairing of the Highways in every respective Place and Parish.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Justices of the Peace of any aflwnr.ei t, County, City, or other Place, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter sessions, shall be fully whento Serosae finished, that the common Highways, causeys or Bridges within any Parish, Township or Hamlet within for.rerairinp.aie their respective Jurisdiction, may not or will not be sufficiently amended, repaired and supported, by Means Highway

of the Laws now in Force, without the Help of this present Act, in all such Cases one or more A fie ft E, X mentor aftefi ments upon all and every the Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Personal Estate usually ratable to the Poor, within any such Parish,

'Township or Hamlet, shall he made, levied, collected and allowed by such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Justices by their Order at such Sections shall direct and appoint in that Behalf: (2) And the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the Order and Directions of the said Justices, for and towards the Amending, Repairing, and Supportin'? such Highways, causeys and Bridges, from Time to Time as Need shall require; (3) and the said assessment or Assessments shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every Person soassessed(not paying the same within ten Days after Demand) rendering the Overplus of the Value of the Goods so cliftrained, to the Owner and Owners thereof, the necessary Charges of making and selling such Distress being first deducted.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no such assessment or Assessments to be made in any s;. Pence Jr. the one Year, shall exceed the Rate of sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Value of any Lauds, Houses, Pound. Tenements and Hereditaments so afiefled, nor the Rate of sixpence for twenty Pounds in Personal Estate;

Y y z " and

34-8 C 13.

Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

3*'4 C 6,

and that no such assessment be made or levied from and after the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year one thousand six hundred seventy and three.

Surveyors of the

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth Highways, when Day of September next, in every Parish within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of to be chosen. Berwick upon Tweed, the Surveyors and Orderers of the Work for Amendment of the Highways within their respective Parishes, shall be yearly chosen and nominated by such Persons as by an Act made in the 2 ft 3 P. & M. second and third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary is appointed, upon some Day in the same Week j'3: >4 Car 2 'hat the h'east the Birth of our Lord, commonly called Christmas Day, shall be: (2) Which Persons so " ar' 'nominated and chosen, shall take upon them the said Office, and shall appoint six Days for the providing Stones, Gravel and other Materials for the Amendment of and for working in the Highways, having respect to the Season of the Year and the Weather, and giving Notice publicly some convenient Time before the several Days; at which Days all Persons liable to the said Work shall attend and work accordingly. (3) And the said Surveyors and Orderers shall make Return of the Defaulters, and every of them, within one Month after every Default made, to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace of the same County; and the said Justice shall present the same at the Quarter sessions of the Peace held next after such Return made unto him: (4) And the Offenders against this Act, in all Cases not particularly directed in this Act, shall respectively incur the same Forfeiture, Pains and Penalties, inflicted and appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom now in Force, for the Amending of the Highways, as fully as if they had been particularly mentioned and imposed in and by this Act.

XIII. And whereas in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster there are many and sundry great and deep Rivers, which run cross and through the common and public Highways and Roads within the said Coun ties, which many Times cannot be passed over without Hazard and Loss of the Lives and Goods of the Inhabitants and Travellers within the said Counties, for want of convenient, good and sufficient Bridges in the said Highways and Roads; to build and erect which there is no Law now in Force: '(2) Therefore be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for ten Years next following, and no longer, the respective justices of Peace within the said respective Counties shall, upon the Presentment of the Grand jury at cneir respective General Quarter sessions, have Power and Authority by Order or Warrant under the Hands and Seals of all or the major Part of the said Justices, being six at least then present, to cause to be erected and builded any new Bridge or Bridges, in such Place or Places in any of the said Highways, over any of the said Rivers within their respective Jurisdictions they shall judge fit and necessary, and so declare by such Order as aforesaid, and likewise to repair or rebuild such other Bridges as were demolished in the late War; (3) and by their said Order to charge, either their whole respective Counties, or any Hundred or Hundreds within their said respective Counties, with the erecting and building any such Bridge or Bridges, and from Time to Time (as Need shall require) with the repairing and amending of all or any the said Bridges; which shall be assessed, levied and gathered in such Sort, Manner and Form, as the Moneys for Repairing of Bridges now in Being are used to be assessed, levied and gathered by Virtue of the late Statute in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, in that Case made and provided.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful. for any six or more Justices of Peace of the County of Monmouth, whereof two to be of the Quorum, at their General Sessions of the Peace to be held for that County, at any Time hereafter during ten Years, and no longer, to impose and levy any Sum or Sums of Money upon the said County, for the repairing and amending of tjfk and Bcfalcgg Bridges, which are situated upon great Rivers, and lie on very public Roads of that County, so as the Sums so imposed as aforesaid exceed not in the Whole in any one Year the Sum of forty Pounds, which Imposition so laid shall be levied and accounted for by the same Way and Manner, as the other Rates raised for Bridges, formerly settled by Act of Parliament for that County, are rs Gen. C 33. macje and provided.

21 Geo. 2. C r

24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 o.

29 Geo. 2. c. 30. and Geo. 2. c. 20.

brijec* to ba built in che ihive and lari oilui e within ian Years.

22 H. 8 C 5.

Monmouth.

vk and bafa lejg bridges. Farther provi jicr.s concerning Highways,

28 Geo. 2. c. 17. 3a Geo. 2. c. 28. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 34. And concerning Bridges, see farther 14 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breed of Cattle.

i if 4 Ed. 6.

\ 19. 2 T 3

V M. C 3.

7 Joe

73 Car. 2. f. 2. 20 Car. 2, C 7,

FOR the further Encouragement of Tillage for the common Good and Welfare of this Kingdom, Be it enacted by the King's raoll.

Corn and Grain may be transported at certain Times.

35 Car. 2. C 7, 1 % Car. 2, C 4.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy, and from thenceforward. It shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner, at any Time or Times, to ship, lade, carry and transport as Merchandise, all sorts of Corn and Grain, although the Prices thereof shall exceed the Rates set down in one Act of this present Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, the said Act, or any other Law, Statute, Usage or other Prohibition, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; paying for the same such Rates as are to be paid when the same

might have been transported by one Act of this present Parliament, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and none other. And it is_hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Prices of Corn and Grain, at the Times, Havens and Places, when and where the said Corn or Grain shall be imported into this Kingdom, exceed not the Rates hereafter following, there shall be answered and paid for tile Custom and Poundage thereof these Rates: That is to say, for every Quarter of Wheat, when the same shall not exceed the Price of three and fifty Shillings and fourpence the Quarter,

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Caroli II

C J 3-

349

ter, there shall be paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of sixteen Shillings; and when the By Jjc. 2. C same shall exceed the Sum of three and fifty Shillings and fourpence the Quarter, and yet not above four Pounds the Quarter, That then there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage of every b), ju^itvsof Quarter of Wheat the Sum of eight Shillings; (4) for every Quarter of Ilye, when the same doth not i>cajce, exceed the Price of forty Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the sum of sixteen' Shillings the Quarter; (5) for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, when the same doth not exceed the Price of two and thirty Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the.custom and Poundage thereof the Sum ofr sixteen Shillings the Quarter; (') for every Quarter of Farther Previn. Buck wheat, when the same doth not exceed the Price of two and thirty Shillings the Quarter, there ons relating shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of sixteen Shillings the Quarter; er t*c0

(7) for every Quarter of Oats, when the ftltne doth not exceed the Sum of sixteen Shilling's the Quarter, C there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of five Shillings and fourpence the Quarter; (S) for every Quarter of Peas or Beans, when the same doth not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum

of sixteen Shillings the Quarter; each Quarter to contain eight Bushels, and each Bushel to contain eight Gallons, and no more.,

II. But whenithe Prices of the several Sorts of Corn or Grain abovementioned shall exceed the respective Rates aforesaid, at the Times and places of imp.drtation; that then and iiijevery such Case there be answered and paid for the same, the Duties payable in such Case before: the; Making of this Act.

III. And for the - further Encouragement of French or pearl barje y in'.this jcingdorn, Thar there, shall be French or Peak

paid for the Custom of every hundred Weight of French or Pearl barley the Sutn; of five Shillings.:. Earley.

IV. And for the further, Encouragement of breeding and feeding pfvcattle of all Sorts;: (2) Be it ena dl Encouragement ed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of [June,; which shall be in the lor breeding and Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and seventy, and from thence forward. It shall be lawful fceding ofcattle. for every Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner, at any Time or Times' to ftiip, lade and transport -

way of Merchandise, these Sorts of Goods following, That is to say. Bees, Pork, Bacon, Butter, Cheese. -

Candles, though the same do exceed in Price at the pprts. from whence they are laden, and at the Time of their lading, the Prices set down and limited in the aforesaid Act of this present Parliament, intituled, A subs.dy granted to the King of, Tonnage and Poundage, the said Act, pr ianjpother Law, Statute, Usage or ta Car. C other Prohibition, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding j spaying for the same the respective Rates appointed by the said Act, and no more., 1, 5 1'.

V Except, and always provided, "that for the Custom and Poundage of every Barrel of Butter, there putterand shall he paid one Shilling, and for every, hundred Weight of Cheese, fourpence; and no more / the afore check. said Act of Tonnage and Poundage, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding, t

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Ox or Steer. Day of june, which shall he in the Year of ouf, lt>rd one thousand six hundred seventy and one, there shall

he paid for every Ox or Steer thatfnall be transported into the Parts beyond the Seas by..any perfoiior Persons, Native or Foreigner, the Sum of twelve Pence, and no more; the aforesaid Act of rtonnagevantl Poundage, or any other Law, Statute, Ufa'gc or.other Prohibition to the contrary hereof irnany wise notwithstanding'.' >'.'. i

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Ccwa or Heikrn, fourth Day of Jilne in the Year aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Native or foreigner,

to ship, lade or transport Cows or Heifers, paying for each Cow or Heifer the Sum of twelve Pence and no more, and also to ship, lade or transport ail Sorts of swine Or Hogs; paying for each Swine or Hog two Swine or Hogs, Pence and no more.; any Statute, Law, Usage or other Prohibition, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding - i 0 *-

VIII. And for the further Encouragement of the Breed of horses, Be it enacted by the Authority afore Horses and

said. That from and after' the twenty-fourth Day of Jane in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hun Mj, es ma dred and seventy, and from thence forward, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Native or so transp0hed' reigner, at any Time Or Times to ftiip, lade and transport, by way of Merchandise; Horses or March into " '

any Parts beyond the Seas in Amity with his Majesty, paying for each" Horse or Mare the Sum of five Shillings, and for each. Gelding the Sum of five Shillings and no more; the aforesaid. act of Tonnage and, ragat r*('*4* Poundage, or any other Law, Statute, Usage or any other Prohibition, to the contrary hereof in any wise Farikcr prmi notwithstanding. [Continued by 2 Will. &'mar. St. t. C 4. §. 3. 1 ann..st. 1. C 13. §. 2. Ann. c. 6.*j4*r^ % r

§. 2.. 3 Geo. ic. 7.]_'i f i. i r Q

"..'I 1. & M. f. 3. 5 JV. fm. C 2, 31 Geoi 2. C 40. and 32 Geo. '2. C II

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Anglic, Scotia, Frahcise, Hiberni

vicesimo secundo & vicesimo tertio, 1 \! -

., r - .1 i h i i, j

- t. i

' AT the Parliament begun at Westmbijief the eighth Day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand six hun > xh; former ' r dred sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles., Edition bad ir, C by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C Held the34 Oft,

' And by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the fourteenth Day of February 22 Car. 2, and from ^jt^nuedtts 'theuce until the twenty second Day of April Anno 23 Car. 2. continued.' ', .? w" " 23 Car. a.'

C i. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. A.D. 167c

CAP. I.

i'>

An Act to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding,

y Uaw. PC.

1 iz.

Vin. r. 15. —

*44-

Sir Thomas Sandys, C not rendering themselves, shall he perpethalljr banished' '

Adjournment of the gaol delivery for Middlesex

Slr Thomas Sandys, C not rendring themr selves, See, shall be adjudged Felons',1'

No Pardon but by Act of Parliament.

A Pardon granted to any One phat was guiityt of the Sail, and will makeadif covcry of any others b fides thpfe mentioned LI the Act,

WHEREAS upon the one and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy, a violent and inhuman Attempt was made upon the Person of Sir Jot.

' Coventry Knight of the Honourable Order of the Bath, being a Member of the Commons House of Pai ' liament, and then attending the Parliament, and upon the Person of his Servant William Wylkcs, by considerable Number of armed Men, both on Foot and Horseback, whereby the said Sir John Covent) C and his said Servant then lost several Goods, and the said Sir John coventry received diverse Wounds, fom

of which were given him in such barbarous Manner, that some of the Offenders held him whilst other wounded him. >' -. r

II. And whereas by several Bills of indictment found by the Grand Jury for the City and Liberty C ' Westminster. where the said fasts Were committed, '.Sir Thomas Sandys Knt. Charles Obrian Esq; Simon Par C ry and Miles Reeves, amongst others, stand indicted of Felony and Robbery for the same, but have fle from. Justice, not daring to abide a legal trial (2) Be it therefore enactedty the kin'g's most Exeellen Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons assembled in Parliament, and by the authority o'f the same. That' if the said Sir Thomas Sandys, Chari: Obrian, 'Simon Parry and 'Miles reeves, shall not: render themselves to the Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or to some other of the Justices of the said Court, on or before the tend Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy, in Order to their Trials so, the Fasts aforesaid; thdn such of them the said Sir Thomas Sandys, Charles Obrian, Simon Parry ant Miles Reeves, as shall not fo1 render himself as aforesaid, shall and do fufrer perpetual Exile, and be for eve]'banished thts1 realm ail'd'all othefjiis majesty's Dominions."

III. And be it enacted, that the: gaol delivery for the County of Middlesex and the City of London.

'which is intended to beholden the two and twentieth Day of february one thousand six hundred and seventy, shall be adjourned till the said tenth Day of march, and the Justices of the said gaol delivery, or any two of them are hereby authorised and required to adjourn the same accordingly; and that no Trials shall he there proceeded upon before the tenth Day of March aforesaid;

IV. And if the said Sir Thomas Sandys, Charles Obrian, Simon Parry and 'Miles Reeves, or any of them, shall not render themselves as aforesaid, and shall at any Time return into er be found in England or any

- other his Majesty's1 Dominions, after the said tenth Day of March; then such of them the Lid Sir Thomas Sandys, Charles Obrian, Simon Parry and Miles Reeves, as shall not render himself, and yet return or be found as aforesaid, shall from the said one and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of the said Felonies and Robberies, and shall by virtue of this Act be adjudged to be convicted and attained of Felony and Robbery, without any Benefit of Clergy, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been thereof convicted and attainted by due Trial and Judgement of Law, and shall suffer such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as by Law are to be inflicted upon Felons attaint, not having Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said Sir Thomas Sandys, Charles Obrian, Simon Parry, Miles Reeves, nor any who upon the Attempt aforesaid actually took away any Goods from the Persons of Sir John Coventry or his said Servant, or actually gave any Blow or Wound to the said Sir John Coventry or his said Servant, or held or kept down the said Sir John Coventry or Ills said Servant, while they the said Sir John Coventry and his said Servant or either of them Were robbed, beaten or wounded, nor any V ho commanded the Party, either, of Horsemen or Footmen, in executing the aforesaid villainous and barbarous Attempt, shall be pardoned any of the Offences in this Act mentioned, but are made incapable of any Pardon for the same from the King's Majesty, his Fleirs and Successors, unless by Act of Parliament, wherein such Person or Persons shall be particularly named.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any the said Offenders, 'other than the said Sir Thomas Sandys, Charles Obrian, Simon, Parry and Miles Reeves, and such as did actually rob, strike or wound the said Sir. John Coventry or his said Servant, or held or kept them or any of them down, till they or either of them were: robbed, beaten or wounded as aforesaid, and other than such as commanded any Party in t hc/aid Attempt, shall before the eighth Day of march in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy voluntarily render him or themselves to the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court of King's Bench, or to some other of the Justices of the said Court, and acknowledge his said Offences, and declare his whole Knowledge of the Facts aforesaid and of the Persons acting the rein, and shall discover to the Lord Chief Justice or oilier Justice as aforesaid some of the Persons who wounded or held, robbed or truck as aforesaid. Sir John Coventry or his Servant, or commanded as aforesaid, and shall give such Security as the f.iid Chief Justice or other the said Justice1 before whom such render shall] be made as aforesaid Avail fhiiik reasonable, to give Evidence if lawfully required, against the Offenders by this Act made incapable of Pardon; so that the said Lord Chief justice, or.such other Justice of the said Court to whom such Repder shall be made as aforesaid, shall be satisfied, that he or they so rendering him or themselves have declared the Truth according to the best of their Knowledge, and obtain a Certificate from the said respectiie Chief Jufliee or Justice before whom such Render was made to that Fffe'ft, under the Hand and Seal of the said Chief justice or Justice heand they so rendering him or themselves, and declaring as aforesaid, that by the Authority aforesaid be pardoned the said Assaults, Felonies and Robberies, and immediately from and after the obtaining such Certificate as aforesaid, he and they so rendering him and themselves and declaring as aforesaid, shall be (Teemed, adjudged an'd taken to be hereby to all Intents and Purposes pardoned, acquitted

351

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo 6c tertio C a rol i II C 2 — 5.

quitted and discharged from the said Crimes and Felonies, and from all further Prosecutions and imprisonmqnts, Indictments, Convictions, Attainders, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures that may accrue for the same.

VII. And for Prevention of the like Mischiefs for the Time to come, Be it further enacted by the Autho Malicious rity aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the four and twentieth Day of June which Maiming made shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred seventy and one, on Purpose and of Ma felo, 1y lice fore thought, and by lying in wait, shall unlawfully cut out or disable the Tongue, put out an Eye, T,dvbury. e slit the Nose, cut off a Nose or Lip, or cut off or disable any Limb or Member of any Subject of his Mas ceo/i.' jesty, with Intention in so doing to maim or disfigure in any the Manners before mentioned such his ma jessy's Subjefft; that then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so offending, their Counsellers,

Aiders and Abettors, (knowing of, and privy to the Offence as aforesaid) shall be and are hereby declared i to be Felons, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. Provided, That no Attainder of such Felony shall extend to corrupt the Blood, or forfeit the Dow Forfeitures, cross the Wife, or the Lands, Goods or Chattels of the Offender.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That his Majesty's Royal Assent to this Session of Par --

Billdhall not determine this Session of Parliament. liament not

, ^termined.

CAP. II.

An Act for Continuance of a former Act, intituled An act to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments and Recognizances.

WHEREAS one Act of Parliament made in a late Session of this present Parliament held in the ' V'V sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments and Recognizances., to continue in Force;

' for three Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament after the said three Years, and no Ion - Now forasmuch as it appears that the said Law is beneficial to the People of this Realm Be it i6&i7car.*».

enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual C 5. and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall remain and be perpetual from the End of the last Session of Parliament. Made perpetual.!.

Cap. ni.

'An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majesty, for Supply of his extraordinary Occasions.

Cap. IV

An Act for Continuance of a former Act, to prevent Arrests of Judgments, and superseding' '

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Relgnof

our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty that now is, intituled An act to prevent Arrests of, 6 & 17 Car. s,

ments, and juperfeding Executions, to continue in Force for three Years, and to the End of the next Session. C 8.

' of Parliament after the Expiration of the said three Years, and no longer; now forasmuch as it hath fnace by Experience appeared, That the same is a good and wholesome Law, and very beneficial to the People of this Realm; '(2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall remain, continue and be perpetual from the End of the last Session of Parliament.

CAP. Y.

An Act for an Additional Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors.

' rt "' H E Commons assembled in Parliament, as an Aid to your most Excellent Majesty, whole weighty, i2 Car. i. c. 33a*I and urgent Affairs require an extraordinary Supply towards the Discharging of your majesty's great & 24.

' Debts, 'have given and granted, and do hereby give and grant, unto your most Excellent Majesty, the several Additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; (2) and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia 7 mem assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and, after the four and twentieth Day of >j.-he additionas s June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy one, there shall.bes Duty to com throughout your majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion, of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, mence the 24th raised, levied, collected and paid unto your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, during the Space and.term June l67n of six Years, from the four and twentieth Day of June aforesaid, and no longer, for Beer, Ale, Cyder ah A Yo continue for r other Liquors herein after expressed, byway of Excise, over and above all other Duties, Charges and six Years from Impositions, by any former Act or Acts set and imposed, and in Manner and Form following, (that is the taid 24<h of f to say)., Yi./ f 5 h, je«7«

h '< '* - r For

*'1 }

t! r.

352 G. 5. Anno vicesimo secundo & ter tio Caroli II. A.D. 16.7c

The Rates.

These Duties are expired, but the subsequent Parrs of the alare in Force

' (.3) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of above six Shillings the Barrel, brewed by the Com } Brewer, or any other person or Persons who do or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale pub I lickly or privately, to be paid by the said Common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a 'greater or lesser Quantity, 'nine Pence. J 4 (4) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of six Shillings the Barrel, or under, brewed by the Common brewer, or 'any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer orale publicly or privately, to be paid by the said Common brewer,: or by such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, threepence.

(;,) For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure, one Shilling and

threepence. - 1 ——

4 6) For all Metheglin or Mead sold, whether by Retail or otherwise, to be paid by the Maker thereof, for every Gallon, one halfpenny. -

4 () For every. Barrel, of Beer, commonly called Vinegar beef, brewed or made to be sold,

sixpence.

4 (8) For every Gallon of strong water or aqua vitse, made and sold, to be paid by the Maker thereof, one Penny.

(g) For every Barrel of Beer or Ale imported from beyond the Seas

IX. d.

III. d.

' for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importers before 1

and so proportionably? tiding, three Shillings. b

These Duties upon Coffee, C areiiepealed by 3 W. & M. Scat, z. C 6.

ported Wine or Cyder, or other Materials imported, to be paid by the Maker or Seller, two,

Pence *-

4 (12) For every Gallon of Coffee made and sold, to be paid by the Makers thereof, two?

Pence. -- J

; 4 (13; For every Gallon of Chocolate, Sherbet and Tea, made and sold, to be paid by the ( 4 Makers thereof, eight Pence.

ii.d.

ii.d. VIII d.

For the Increase of these Duties, 'C see the Noth on 12 Car. 2. C 23. §. t.

Persons chargeable by any for

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the common Brewers an' wife liable toa ^cta^ers f Ale and Beer, and all and every other Person and Persons, liable to, and chargeable with, th diefe adihiona^ Payment of any Excise, or new Import upon Beer or Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, by Virtue of an' Rates. Defaults former Law of Excise now in Force, shall also be liable to, and charged with the Payment of the addi of Entries or tional Rates and Duties hereby imposed; said additional Rates and Duties shall be collected, leviei Payments, and and paid in the same Manner; (2) and the Persons liable to and chargeable with the Payment thereof shall II orhoffences to^'a^e f Neglectf or Default of; Entry or Payment, or in Case of any other Neglect! or Offence tending tc besubjefl to ° defraud his Majesty, or any of his Officers, Farmers or Collectors of the Duties or Races hereby imposed the same Penal be also subject to the like Proceedings, Judgments and Executions, and shall likewise incur the same Penal ties and Forfei ties, Fines and Forfeitures, as he or they, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, should or migh tqres, ts for of have been subject: to, or ought to have incurred, for the nonpayment of any former Duty of Excise, 0 tedsainit arty" fr Dffence committed against any former Law of Excise now in Force.

I, aw of Excise Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this at contained shall hi Bum, r. i, — understood to give any common Brewer or Retailer, or other Person liable to and chargeable with the pay-329- ment of Excise, by Virtue of any former Law now in Force, any further or other Allowances for Wash

The Allowances by Filling or Leakage, than by the said former Laws are given; anything in this present Atft containec to ihc Brewer for totlie contrary notwithstanding: said Allowances< are hereby declared to be three Barrels in ever; "'th» % a°nwhat ree and twenty Barrels of Beer returned by the Gauger, whether strong of final 1; and two Barrels it are^iveitby the every w ard twenty Barrels of Ale returned by the Gauger, whether strong or final]; and so after tha former Laws. Rate, and no more, for a greater or lesser Quantity, and are in full Compensation for all such Wafies o other Losses or Damages whatsoever; any Repetition of the said rallowances in several acts to the contrar; notwithstanding. 1'- -- '

The Commit

IV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners and sub commissioner: sioners, Suh of Excise respectively within their Division, and to and for the several and respective Farmers of Excilf or^trmers rna within the Limit's of their several and respective Farms, to compound for these new Duties, with all anc compound for every Person and Persons who by Brewing his or their Beer and Ale contrary to the Form of this Statutt this Duty. shall be liable to pay the new Duties herein before imposed, and that from Time to Time, and in such Manlier and Form, as may be moll for the Advantage and Improvement of the Receipts thereof anything, herdih before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forfeiture!'! '7\nd btj it Further e'na&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Offences made anc Oftyrtcfs committed against this at, or any Clause, Article or Sentence herein contained, and all Appeals, shall be alt apfta!j't'o. heard, 'adjudged and determined by such Ferfofit and Persons, and in such Manner and Form, as the like be determined. p0rfei(; lircs 'an(] Offences against the former Laws of Excise' are thereby appointed to be heard and deter bvffiw^rmihed, and not otherwise.'

VI. And moreover, That all Commissioners and Sub Commissioners of Excise, all Commissioners of Appeals, justices of Peace, Cohffabies and all other Officers and Mimifters whatsoever, shall have, use and exercise the same jurisdiction, Power and Authority, whether it be judicial or ministerial, for the better Ordering, Collecting, Levying and Securing the new Duties and the additional Rates and Duties hereby

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II

C 5'

353

imposed, as he or they could have had, used or exercised, for the better Ordering, Collecting, Levying or Securing any former Rates or Duties of Excise whatsoever. Flues and For

Vjt. And it is further declared and enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall be into bi: curred by Reason of any Offence committed against this Act, shall be employed, one Moiety thereof to the Use of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, another Moiety thereof to him or them that shall or m°jtfly'°ar!d3 will inform or sue for the same. the other to him

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of Peace, Commis that will sue for ftoners of Excise or any Two of them, or their Sub of respectively, from Time to Time, j'

where they shall see Cause, to mitigate, compound or lcflen any Fine, Forfeiture or Penalty, which shall the Justices of be incurred by Reason of any Offence committed against this Act, or against any other Act of Excise now hufontr' f°cm" in Force, as they in their Discretions shall think fit; and that every such Mitigation and Payment there m., ymkigucthi upon made, shall be a sufficient Discharge of such Penalties and F'orfcitures to the Persons so offending, so Fines, C where as by such Mitigation the same be not made less than double the Value of the Duty of Excise, which they feecaute, should or ought to have been paid, besides the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Officer or Officers, or*

others as were employed therein, to be allowed unto them by the said Justices or Commissioners; any Thing [hjif/nubie the in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Duty besides

IX. And for the better Levying and Collecting the Duties of Excise upon all such foreign and imported Costs.

Liquors for which Excise ought to be paid; (z) It is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Foreignimported such foreign or imported Liquors shall be landed or put on Shore before due Entry be first made thereof with w.feabie Lithe Officer or Collector appointed for the Excise, in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, or ^" ^11 before the Duty of Excise due and payable for the same shall be fully satisfied and paid: And that every jnd thj7 Warrant from any Officer or Officers of the Customs, for the Landing or Delivering of any such foreign duty paid. Liquors, shall be signed by the Hand of the said Officer or Collector of the Excise in the said Port or Place Warrants from respectively; (3) upon Pain, that all such foreign Liquors as shall be landed or put on shore, or delivered, be °*cers f contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, one jdctiiv; nuch" Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, the other Moiety to him or them who shall or will seize, inform or fotc; gn ijquors, sue for the same; to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof. to be signed by

X. And for the better Prevention of such Frauds as are daily practised to defeat his Majesty of the Du the Collector of

ties of Excise which ought to be paid for Ale and Beer; (2) It is further enacted by the Authority afore e*else. said. That if any Person or Persons inhabiting in any Market town, or in any City or Town Corporate, to'^yd

or Parts adjoining to any City or Town Corporate, where there is or shall be a common brew house, ha of this ving and lawfully using any private brewing vessels, for the Brewing and Making of Beer or Ale, to be Act to be for spent and consumed in his or their private Families, shall permit and suffer any Beer, Ale or Worts to be feited. brewed there in their respective Houses, out houses, or other Place thereunto adjoining, aether than for Pet suns inhsbit their respective Families, Servants, Labourers, or to other Persons by Way of Charity, Hospitality or Free" ^" et gift, or shall lend out any of their brewing vessels, other than which are movable and unfixt, to be made lhe't'e; s a

use of by any other Person or Persons, not being of his or their Family, for the Brewing of Beer or Ale for mcnbrewhouse, the Use of any other Person or Persons, then such Person or Persons mall forfeit for every such Offence the may net lend Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or other Information in any Court of Record; (3) and the Prosecutioir of such Action to begin within six Months after the Fast committed, and to be tried Ale'

within the County where the said Offence is committed, and not elsewhere, wherein no Essoin, Protec Beer, orworts to tion or Wager in Law to be allowed: (4) And one Moiety of such Forfeiture to be to the King's most Ex be brewed there cellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform and sue for in, other than for the same. her own Faml"

lies.

Unless upon Penalty of 501. for lending any brewing vessels in any such Places, unless such as are movable and unfixt.

XI. And for the Avoiding of Frauds and Deceits by reason of Brewing of Beer, Ale, or Worts of an extraordinary Strength, and afterwards mixing the same with Small Beer, Ale or Worts, after the Gauge thereof taken; (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Retailer of Beer or Ale, shall alter the Receipt thereof from the common Brewer, mix any Beer, Ale or Worts of extraordinary Strength, with any Small Beer, Ale or Worts, in anyveffel or Tub containing three Gallons or more, upon Pain to forfeit for every Barrel so mixed, double the Duty of Excise for Strong Beer or Ale, and so proportionably for any greater Quantity; to be heard, adjudged and determined before the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners respectively, as is done in other Cases before them upon Breach of the Laws of Excise; and all Forfeitures for the same shall be levied, recovered and disposed, as by those Laws are directed and appointed: (3) And the said Justices and Commissioners respectively, are hereby empowered and authorised to summon Evidence for Discovery thereof, other than the Party or Parties accused; upon Refusal or Neglect of any Person so summoned to give Evidence when he and they shall be thereunto required, every such Person so refuting shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence, any Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, to be imposed and levied, recovered and disposed, as other Penalties against the said Laws for the better Collecting and Recovering the Duty of Excise.

XII. And provided also, and be it further enacted, That no innkeeper, Victualler or other Retailer of Beer or Ale, shall at any Time hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, be sued, impleaded or molested, by ?ny Indictment, Information or popular Action, or otherwise, for selling or uttering any Beer or Ale at any other or higher Prices than the Prices heretofore limited and appointed; anything in this Act or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be fired or prosecuted for anything by him or them done in Pursuance or Execution of this Act, he or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence for their Defence; and if upon the Trial a

Vol. III Z z Verdict

For avoiding Frauds by rr IX ing Smajj Beer with Strong, after the Gauge taken.

Double the Duty to be forfeited for every b.irrel so mixed by the Retailer,

Persons refusing to give Evidence for Discovery thereof, to be fined.

Retailers not to be molested by any Indictments for selling Ale or Beer at higher Prices than heretofore appointed.

C 6, 7. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

Verdict hall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, then every such Defendant or Defendants hall recover his and their double Costs.

No Writs of

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari hall supersede Execution Certiorari to fu or, other Proceedings, 'upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid in Pursuance of this Act, peil' but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or the justices. Writs or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

Upon Exports

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Excise of the Liquors chargeable and payable by this t on beyond Seas, Act, hall be re allowed and repayed to the Exporter, for such Part thereof as shall be exported as mer the Duty to be chandize to be spent beyond the Seas; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. re paid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act and all the Powers, Matters and Things there

T'arther Provi in contained, and every of them, hall begin and commence from the four and twentieth Day of June one ^xc[fe"c'i"ffrs& thousand six hundred and seventy one, and not sooner; any Usage or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

M. fiat. 1. C 24. 4 W. & M. c 3. 5 W. fi? M. C 20. 7 W. 3. C 30. 8 IK 3. C 19. 10 W. 3. C 21. 12 W. 3. C 11 fs? 12. 1 Ami. fiat. 2. C 3. 4 A, VI C 6. s Am. C 7. 10 Am:, C 10. 12 Ann. fiat. 2. r. 9. 6 Geo. I. C zj. 11 Geo. 1. c. 30. 12 Geo. 1. c. 2s. 1 go. 2. C 16. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. c. 9. and 1 Geo. 3. c. 7.

CAP. VI.

15 Car. C. 14. An Act for P, evefting the Power of granting Wine licences in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and.

for settling a Recompense on his Royal Highness in Lieu thereof. The Revenue of Wine licences, and the Moiety of all forfeitures, vested in the King. Freed from Jointures and Provisions for Children. A Moiety of the Forfeitures incurred before the twenty-fourth of November 16-70, saved to the Duke. The King's Letters Patents for granting 24000l. per Annum to the Duke of York and his Heirs Males, out of the hereditary Excise, in J ieu of the Wine licences, shall stand good in Law. non recitals or mif recitals in the same Letters Patents, saved. No See to be paid upon the Receipt thereof. If Default of Payment hull be made. Power given to sue for it.

so Car. 2, C i. Car. 2. C 3.

12 Car. 2. C 2$,

13 Car. 2. ilat.r. C 7.

1-5 Car. 2* C 14.

Felony for wilful burning of any Ricks of Corn, Hay, Szc. or Barns, rein the niahl time.

3 lad. 66, 67.

S H. 6. C 6.

37 H. 8. C 6.

3 & 4 Ed. 6. C 5. 43 El. C 13.

3 5 Car. a. C

Attainder hall not work Corruption of Blood, &c.

The Party at Liberty to be transported for seven Years

CAP. VII.

An Act to prevent the malicious Burning of Koufes, Stacks of Corn and itay, and killing or maiming of Cattle.

WHEREAS diverse lewd and evil disposed Persons intending the Ruin and Impoverishment of their Fellow subjects, have devised, and of late secretly in the nighttime, and at other Times when they think their Deeds are not known, frequently practised in several Parts of this Kingdom, unlawful and wicked Courses in burning of Ricks and Stacks of Play, Corn and Grain, destroying of Buildings, ' Trees, and cutting, maiming, wounding and killing of Horses, Sheep, Beasts, and other Cattle, in Contempt of the Laws, and to the insupportable Wrong and Damage of many of his Majesty's good Subjects: '

II. For Prevention whereof, and Discovery of the Offenders, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That where in any Part of this Kingdom any Person or Persons after the first Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six bun

la, 'c'4' dred and seventy, hall in the nighttime maliciously, unlawfully, and willingly burn, or cause to be burnt 14 1.0.2. C i, oj. ^estroyed, any Ricks or Stacks of Corn, Hay, or Grain, Barns, or other Houses or Buildings, or Kilns, or hall in the nighttime maliciously, unlawfully, and willingly kill, or destroy any Horses, Sheep, or other Cattle, of any Person or Persons whatsoever; every such Offence shall be adjudged Felony, and the Offenders, and every of them hall suffer as in Case of Felony.

III. Provided always, That no Attainder for any the Offences made Felony by Virtue of this Act, hall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disinheritance of Heir or Heirs.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in Case any Person or Persons who shall be convict or attainted of any the Offences made Felony by Virtue of this Act as aforesaid, (to avoid Judgement of Death, or Execution thereupon for such his Offence) hall make his Election to be transported beyond the Seas, to any of his Majesty's Plantations; That then the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Gaol delivery, or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender shall be convict or attaint by Virtue of this Act, and

1 fiaw.p. c.ios. every of them respectively, shall cause Judgement to be entered against every such Offender, that he be trans 1 hn/«ji fj^C. 566. ported beyond the Seas to some of his Majesty's Plantations, in the said Judgement to be particularly men l'c tioned and expressed, there to remain for the Space of seven Years; and that in Pursuance of the said Judgement,

the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County or City where such Offender shall be so convict or attainted, Felony to return shall cause the said Offender to be safely conveyed and embarked to be transported as aforesaid; if any before the seven such Offender shall return into this Kingdom before the Expiration of the said seven Years, he shall fuf years expired. fer jjgath as a Felon, and as if no such Election to be Transported had been made by him.

Treble Damages V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall in the night for maiming of time maliciously, unlawfully, and willingly maim, wound, or otherwise hurt any Horses, Sheep, or other iri ^awii of'tn* Cattle, whereby the same mail not be killed or utterly destroyed, or hall destroy any Plantations of Trees, dofurcst in or throw down any Inclosures, in Manner aforesaid; then every such Offender or Offenders shall the nighttime, lose and forfeit unto the Party grieved treble the Damage which he or they shall thereby sustain; same. to be recovered by Action of Trespass, or upon the Case, to be taken at the common-law.

Three or more

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Complaint and Request of the Peacehavethe arty or Parties injured in any such Manner, any three or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Di power to cnqulrai'fi0rl City, Town Corporate, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, whereof one to be of the

Portent m.

Quorum, fli3.ll and may, and they are thereunto authorised and required by Virtue of this Act, to inquire, as well by the Oaths of twelve lawful Men or more of the same County, as by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, or by any lawful Ways or Means which to them hall seem meet, of and concerning any the Offences before incurred, and Offenders therein; and in Order thereunto, to issue out Warrants, as well for the summoning of Jurors, as for the apprehending of all such Persons, as shall or may be thereof suspected, and to take their Examination touching the same; as also to cause all such other Persons as to them shall seem likely to make Discovery thereof, to appear before them, and to give Information upon Oath, of and concerning their Knowledge of the premutes; so as no Person so to be examined by the said justices of the Peace, shall be convicted, or in any wise proceeded against, for or by Reason of any Offence concerning which he or they shall be so examined as a Witness, and shall upon such his Examination make a true Discovery thereof: (2) And in Case any Person or Persons, who by the said Justices be thought likely to make Discovery as aforesaid, shall refuse to appear or to be examined as a Witness, being duly summoned by the said justices in purfuar.ee of this Act; It shall and may be lawful for the said Jutiiees of the Peace to commit the Party so refilling, to the Common Gaol for the said County without Bail or Mainprise, until he shall submit to be examined upon Oath, of and concerning his Knowledge touching the same Offence, or the Offenders by whom the same was committed.

VII. Provided, That no Person who shall be punished for any Offence by Virtue of this Act, shall be punished for the lame Offence by Virtue of any other Act or Law whatsoever; nor shall be questioned for the same, unless he be proceeded against within six Months after the Offence committed.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Regulating the making of Kidderminster Stuffs.

of the oftcrr*, and punish: Offenders.

A v/jtnrfu refvi f: ng to appear, shall be committed to Prison.

No Person shall bn tv.,; ce punished for this Oifenec. The Prosecutioa mu ft be within six Months,

' TT/'HER. EAS diverse Abuses and Deceits have of late Years been had and used in the making of Stuffs,

' W called Kidderminster Stuffs, within the Borough and Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, tending to the Debasing of the said Manufacture, and to the great Prejudice of the Public

II. For the preventing of which Abuses and Deceits, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted: a Corporation of (2) And be it enacted by the King's mo Pc Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Weavers in Kid lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority detminster. of the same. That there shall be chosen one President, four Wardens, and eight Assistants, all which shall be Mailer Weavers within the said Borough, the first Monday asser Pentecost in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and one, and from thenceforth yearly and every Year on the next Monday after Pentecost, at some public Place, by the Matter Weavers of the fold Borough, or the greater Part of them then present; and the said President, Wardens and Assistants respectively, shall within fourteen Days after they shall be so chosen or elected, and Notice thereof given, take the Oath ensuing, to be ad ministred by the Bailiff, or any one of the justices of the Peace of the said Borough for the Time being, or either of them: Which Oath they and every of them are hereby required from Time to Time to administer accordingly, (viz.)

C

(4) T A.B. do swear, That I will well, faithfully, and honestly perform and discharge the Office ofpre The Oath tote JL fident or Warden, or Assistant, fyfuiatis mutandis, of the Trade of Clothiers and Stuff weavers taken by them within the Borough and Parish of Kidderminster, according to the bell of my Skill, Power and Know ledge.'

III. And if it shall happen, That the said President, or any of the said Wardens or Assistants chosen as aforesaid, shall refuse to take the said Oath, or after his or their being sworn as aforesaid, shall die before the End of the Year; That then from Time to Time, so often as Need shall be, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mailer weavers of the said Borough, to choose one other President, Warden or Wardens,

Assistant or Assistants, in the Place of him or them so dying or refusing, who shall he sworn in such Manner as aforesaid.

IV. And for the Regulation and good Government of the said Trade and Manufacture, the said Prefi a Power giver, dent. Wardens and Assistants, or any seven or more of them, whereof the President and three or more of to

the said Wardens are to be present, shall and may from Time to Time meet and confidt together for the ius'

Good and Benefit of the said Trade and Manufacture, and for the due Execution of the Powers and Authority given by this Act, and to make and ordain Bylaws, Rules and Ordinances, for the better Regulating of the said Trade and Manufacture, and the Artificers of the same, and to make Seals from Time to Time for Sealing of the same Stuff's: (2) Which Bylaws, Rules and Ordinances being ratified and conto be confirmed firmed by the Justices of Assize for the County of Worcester for the Time being, shall be published at least by the Justices of twice in the Year at two public Assemblies for the said Trade and Manufacture, and shall be obeyed and xo be mis ifl -- a kept by the Artificers of the said Trade and Manufacture, and by the several Persons using the same within tmcea v'caiff" and under the said Regulation. (3) And the said President, Wardens and Assistants, or any seven or more of them, shall have and hereby have Power to impose a Fine or Penalty upon any Person or Persons using Power3 im the said Trade, or that shall be under the Regulation thereof, as shall not conform to such Rules, Orders, pofefices. Bylaws and Ordinances so made and to be made and confirmed as aforesaid.

V. Provided, That the said Fine or Penalty upon any Person for not conforming as aforesaid, shall not The tlpc not t

exceed the Sum of forty Shillings for any one Offence. exceed 4.5.

VI. And if any Person or Persons duly chosen as aforesaid, to be President or Warden, or Assistant, and b7n cho due Notice thereof given by the Bailiff of the said Borough for the Time being, shall refuse or neglect to

execute the Place of President, Warden or Assistant, or to take the said Oath, according to the Purport of; ng'l0 execute.

Z Z Z this shall be dried,

356

C 8. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

openly in the Market.

The Penalty.

this Act, every such Person so refilling or neglecting, shall be fined at the Discretion of the Bailiff, or any one of the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough for the Time being, so as such Fine doth not exceed How to be uviej. the Sum of five Pounds for any one Offence: (2) Which said Fine shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said baililf and any one Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, on the Goods How the Fines and Chattels of the said Offender, by Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any shall be, and shall thalt be em be employed and Jifposed of to the Use and Benefit of the poor Artificers of the said Trade, at the discre ployed. tion of the said Bailiff and any one Justice of the Peace of the said Borough.

Linen yarn to

VII. And for the better Regulation of the said Trade and Manufacture, and the avoiding of Frauds and be reeled on a Deceits therein; (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Linen yarn reeled, and Reel four Yar 5 ufua]]y bought and sold, or estimated by the Lea, to be hereafter used by any of the said Artificers and stuff a our, and od yyeavers within the said Borough or Parish of Kidderminster or Liberties thereof, shall be made without Fraud or Deceit, and be openly bought and sold in some public Marketplace on the Market day within the said Borough, to be appointed by the Bailiff of the said Borough for the Time being; and before the same be exposed to Sale, shall be reeled on a Reel four Yards about, every Lea of the said Yarn containing two hundred Threads.

VIII. And in Case any Person or Persons shall hereafter sell or expose to Sale any the Yarns aforesaid made or reeled in any oidier Manner than as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said press dent, Wardens and assistants, or any two or more of them, to seize, take and carry away all such deceit how tobc tried, full and defective Yarns; (2) which said Yarns within twenty Days after such Seizure, shall be tried by a Jury of twelve honest and able Artificers of the said Trade, who shall be from "Lime to Time impanelled and summoned by a Precept under the Hands and Seals of the Bailiff and any one Justice of the Peace of the said Borough, to appear at the guild hall of the said Borough at a Time certain in the said Precept spe cifted, and then and there be sworn by the said Bailiff' and Justice, to inquire of the Defects of all yarns seized as aforesaid, and to try whether the said Yarns be made and reeled according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Bylaws and Ordinances made by Virtue thereof: (;,) And if the said Jury Impanelled and Sworn as aforesaid shall find any of the said Yarns not made and reeled according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act and the Bylaws and Ordinances made by Virtue thereof; That then the Fines. said Bailiff and Justice of the Peace of the said Borough final] impose such Fine or Fines upon the Owner or Owners of such defective Yarns, as in their Discretions shall be thought meet, not exceeding the Value of the Moiety of such defective Yarns: (4) Which said Fine or Fines, the Owners of the said defective Yarns shall pay to the said President for the Time being, (to be disposed of as to the said President, Wardens and Assistants, or the major Number of them, shall seem meet, at their next public Meeting, within thirty Days after the said Trial) and in Default thereof, the said Yarns to be sold by the President, or any The Overplus to two of the said Wardens, and the Overplus of the Moneys thereof coming, after the Fine or Fines deduct le leftorer. ed, to be restored to the said Owner or Owners upon Demand.

All Kiddermin

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sorts of Clothes and Stuffs woven with tier Stuffs Diall Wool only, or of Wool and other Materials, within the said Borough or Parish of Kidderminster or the LI the laws ^ert cs thereof, shall be under the Power, Government and Regulation, of the said President, Wardens and'

'e 'y aws Assistants, in such Manner as by this Act and the Bylaws and Ordinances made or to be made by Virtue thereof, or by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, are or shall be established.

X. And that all Clothes and Stuffs made or to be made under the Regulation aforesaid, before the same shall be exposed or put to Sale, shall he brought to some convenient Place within the said Borough, to be appointed by the said President and Wardens, or the greater Part of them, to be viewed and searched by the said President, and any one of the said Wardens, or by any two of the said Wardens in the Absence of the said President; and if the same shall be found to be well and sufficiently made and wrought according to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Trade and Manufacture, Then all such Clothes and Stuffs shall be by the said President and any one of the said Wardens, or by any two of the said Wardens for the Time being, sealed and allowed accordingly; (2) and if upon such Search and View, any Clothes or Stuffs shall be found or conceived not to be well and sufficiently made and wrought, according to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Trade and Manufacture Then such Clothes and Stuffs shall be seized by the said President and Warden, or any two of the said Wardens, and be brought to Trial, and the Owner or Owners fined, in such Manner and Form, as in this present Act is before limited and appointed for the Trial of defective Linen yarn.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said President, Wardens and aflif into Houses and tantsi or any tv or more Gf them, shall have and hereby have Power and Authority, to enter into and search the Houses and work houses of any Artificer under the Regulation of the said Trade, at all Times of the Day, and usual Times of opening of Shops and working; and into the Shops, Houses and ware houses of any common Buyer, Dealer in or Retailer of any of the said Clothes or Stuffs, and into the Houses and work houses of any Dyer, sheer man, and all other Workmens Houses and Places of Sale or

Dressing of the said Clothes, Stuffs and Yarns; and may there view the said Clothes, Stuffs and Yarns respectively,

whether they be made and wrought according to the Laws, Orders and Ordinances of the said Trade; and if any Cloth, Stuff or Yarns shall be found faulty or defective, to seize and carry away the same; to be tried by a Jury, as afore in this Act is appointed.

Penalty fr r buy

XII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or

ing of Cloth be persons to buy any Piece or Pieces of Clothes or Stuffs, made or to be made within the said Borough or pa forc n bo sealed. or Liberty thereof, before the same be sealed as aforesaid; and if any Piece or Pieces of such Cloth or Stuff shall be found in the Possession of any Person or Persons unsealed, (except in the Possession of the firs Owner or Maker thereof) the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall be adjudged guilty of Deceit, and shall forfeit for every such Piece of Cloth or Stuff" so found in his or their Possession unsealed as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings, and the Maker and Seller of the same, who shall

aforesaid,

To be viewed and searched by the President, &c.

Sealed.

When to be seized.

Fine.

Power to enter

[Penalty.]

357

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II C 8.

(hill deliver the same out of his or their Possession before the same be sealed, shall liketvife forfeit for every such Piece other four Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the said Trade.

XIII. And if any Person shall counterfeit any Seal of the said Trade, or shall seal any Piece of Cloth or Penalty for Stuff made under the Regulation of the said Trade, with any counterfeit Seal, or shall remove a Seal off counterfeiting one Piece, and set it unto another Piece which hath not been sealed as before in this Act is appointed to be

sealed, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by his own Confession, or by the Oaths of two or more witnesses, to be taken by the Bailiff or any Justice of the Peace of the said Borough for the Time being, who respectively have hereby Power to administer an Oath for that Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIV. And for the better providing that poor Journeymen who have served in the said Trade, and are not How journey able to setup for themselves, may be employed in Work, it is hereby enacted, That every Person under men shall be the Regulation of the said Trade, who shall employ two Apprentices in the said Trade, shall likewise em provlde<l fcr* ploy and seton work two Journeymen in the said Trade, during the Time he shall have or employ two Apprentices; upon Pain that every Person shall forfeit for every Month so offending as aforesaid, the Sum

of twenty Shillings.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the one Moiety of all Fines, Forfeitures and Tu wj>at ole Penalties before in this Act mentioned, other than such as are expressly otherwise appointed, shall be to the £c fli1 "

Use of the King's Majesty, ips Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the said'

Trade; (2) and shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender

ot Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Bailiff and one of the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough, or be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XVI. And be it also enacted, That all Bailiffs, Justices, Sheriffs, Constables, and all other Officers, all Bailiffs. Ju

shall be aiding and abiding to the said President, Wardens and Alfidants, or any of them, as often as they ssl^ id

shall be thereunto required; (2) and in all Actions and Suits that shall be brought against any Person or them.

Persons for what he or they shall do in Pursuance or in Execution of this Act, or any of the Authorities

hereby given, the Person or Persons so sued or molested shall ot may plead the General Issue of Not guilty, Issued, plead tha and give the special Matter in Evidence, and shall recover double Costs in every such Case, if the Verdict General issue. pafsfor such Person or Persons, or that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs he nonsuit therein, or forbear further pro fecution, or suffer Discontinuance; which Cods the said Person or Persons shall have the like Remedy Double Costs, as in any Case where Cods by the Law were given to Defendants.

Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio aroli secundi Regis.

AT the same Parliament held by several Prorogations and Adjournments, Ofioler twenty-fourth, E d'/linflion 22 Car. 2. and thence continued onto March the sixth, one thousand six hundred and seventy, 1? 7?ade 011 ther Anno 23 Car, 2. Stat. 2.' ^7

CAP. IX (Stat. 2. Cap. 5.

An Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law.

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sulijefts, the Commons assembled in Parliament, having entered into a due and serious Consideration of the extraordinary Occasions which oblige your Ma ' jedy to a great and present Expense for the necessary Defence of your Realms, and considering your Ma ' jedy's great Debts, and being desirous to raise such Aids and Supplies as may be proportionable to these Occasions, do humbly present your Majesty with the free Gift of the Rates and Aids herein after mentioned; and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; X P.'

1149.] CXXXVI. And for Prevention of trivial and vexatious Suits in Law, whereby many good subjects of this Realm have been and are daily undone, contrary to the Intention of an Act made in the three 43 £!>* C and fortieth Year of Queen Elizabeth, for avoiding of infinite Numbers of small and trifling Suits com od. Cases in' menced in the Courts at Westminster, (2) Be it further enacted, for making the said Law effectual, That, slif' qe from and after the fird of May aforesaid, in all Actions of Trespass, Assault and Battery, and other Per 206, 208. fonal Actions, wherein the Judge at the Trial of the Cause shall not find and certify under his Hand upon Raymond 487, the Back of the Record, that an Assault and Battery was diffidently proved by the Plaintiff against the Defendant, or that the Freehold or Title of the Land mentioned in the plaintiff's Declaration was chiefly in 3 39-

Question, the Plaintiff in such Action, in Case the Jury shall find the Damages to be under the Value of 7777' forty Shillings, shall not recover or obtain more Cods of Suit than the Damages so found shall amount un ons, wherein no to: (3) And if any more Cods in any such Action shall be awarded, the Judgement shall be void, and the Title of Lands' Defendant is hereby acquitted of and from the same, and may have his Action against the Plaintiff for such in cue, l'on vexatious Suit, and recover his Damages and Costs of such his Suit in any of the said Courts of Record. countfm Palatine by 11 3c IK

CAP. X (6.). W. C

An Act for the better Settling of Intestates Estates.

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual All Ordinaries and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the who have Power.

3. same, to Admins

ti rations, have same, That all Ordinaries, as well the Judges of the Prerogative Courts of Canterbury and York for thi Power to take Time being, as all other Ordinaries and Ecclesiastical Judges, and every of them, having Power to com 'v°iurhnn ofi. mit Administration of the Goods of Persons dying intestate, shall and may upon their respective granting r IV 3. C n and committing of Administrations of the Goods rif Persons dying Intestate, after the first Day of June oni t'noufand six hundred seventy and one, of the respective Person or Persons to whom any Administration i. to be committed, take sufficient Bonds with two or more able Sureties, Respect being had to the Value o the Estate, in the Name of the Ordinary, with the Condition in Form and Manner following, mutati. mutandis, viz.

The Condition of the Bonds,

X Salk. 3t5, 3*6.

II. yirtplhe Condition of this Obligation is such, That if the within bounden A.B. Administrator o;

1. all and singular the Goods, Chattels and Credits of C D. deceased, do make or cause to be made, a true and perfect Inventory of all and singular the Goods, Chattels and Credits of the said Deceased. which have or shall come to the Hands, Possession or Knowledge of him the said A.B. or into the Hands and Possession of any other Person or Persons for him, and the lame so made do exhibit or cause ro be exhibited into the Registry of Court, at or before the Day of

next ensuing; (2) and the same Goods, Chattels 2nd Credits, and all other the Goods, Chattels and Credits of the said deceased at the Time of his Death, which at any Time after shall come to the Hands or Possession of the said A.B. or into the Hands and Possession of any other Person or Persons for him, do well and truly Administer according to Law; (3) And further do make or cause to be made, a true and just: Account of his said Administration, at or before the Day of

And all the Rest and Residue of the said Goods, Chattels and Credits which shall be found remaining upon the said administrator's Account, the same being first examined and allowed' of by the Judge or Judges; for the Time being of the said Court, shall deliver and pay unto such Person or Persons retpec tively, as the said Judge or Judges by his or their Decree or Sentence, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall limit and appoint. (4) And if it shall hereafter appear, That any last Will and Testament was made by the said Deceased, and the Executor or Executors therein named do exhibit the same into the said Court, making Request to have it allowed and approved accordingly, if the said A.B. within bounden, being thereunto required, do render and deliver the said Letters of Administration (Approbation of such Testament being first bad and made) in the said Court; then this Obligation to be void and of none Effect, or else to remain in full Force and Virtue.'

Ordinaries have Power to call Administrators lo Account, and to make distri bunion among the Wife and Children, CV iu V 14. 4*4* Wood F, L 153.

III. Which bonds are in any Courts of Justice:

tfustoms of London, and Province of yo'.k, fa'.ed. Explained by i Jsc. 1. c. 17. §.$ Skinner 26.

Kow, and to tv hem the stir pi V fa ge is to be distributed.

2, Mod 20, 302. 3 Mod. 58.

1 Vern, 465.

Advancement ly Portion,

Shower 25.

Heir at Law to h?.ve an equal Part.

hereby declared and enabled to be good to all Intents and Purposes, ard pleadable (2) And also that the said Ordinaries and Judges respe'dh'vely, shall and may, and are enabled to proceed and call such Administrators to Account, for and touching the Goods of any Person dying Inteftaie; (3) and upon Hearing and due Consideration thereof, to order and make just and equal Distribution of what remaineth clear (after all Debts, Funerals and just Expenses of every Sort first allowed and deducted) amongst the Wife and Children, or Childrens Children, if any such be, or otherwise to the next of Kindred to the dead Person in equal Degree, or legally representing their Stocks pro fuo cuique jure, according to the Laws in such Cases, and the Rides and Limitation hereafter set down; and the same Distributions to decree and settle, and to compel such Administrators to observe and pay the same, by the due Course of his Majesty's Ecclesiastical Laws: (4) Saving to every one, supppfing him or themselves aggrieved, their Right of appeal as was always in such Cases used.

IV. Provided, That this Add, or anything herein contained, shall not any ways prejudice or hinder the Customs observed within the City of London or within the Province of 'york, or other Places, haying known and received Customs peculiat to them, but that the same Customs may be observed as formerly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ordinaries and every other Person who by this Act is enabled to make Distribution of the Surplusage of the Estate of any Person dying Intestate, shall distribute the whole Surplusage of such Estate or Estates in Manner and Form following: That is to say, (z) One third Part of the said Surplusage to the Wife of the Intestate, and all the Residue by equal Portions, to and amongst the Children of such Persons dying Intestate, and such Persons as legally represent such Children, in case any of the said Children be then dead, other than such Child or Children (not being Heir at Law) who shall have any Estate by the Settlement of the Intestate, or shall be advanced by the Intestate in his lifetime, by Portion or Sortions equal to the Share which shall by such Distribution be allotted to the other Children to whom such Distribution is to be made: (3) And in case any Child, other than the Heir at Law, who shall have any Estate by Settlement from the said Intestate, or shall be advanced by the said Intefliaie in his lifetime by Portion not equal to the Snare which will be due to the other Children by such Distribution as aforesaid; so much of the Surplusage of the Estate of such Intestate, to be distributed to such Child or Children as shall have any Land by Settlement from the Intestate, or were advanced in the lifetime of the Intestate, as fti2ll make the Estate of all the said Children to be equal as near as can be estimated: But the Heir at Law, notwithstanding any Land that he shall have by Descent or otherwise from the Intestate, is to have an equal Part in the Distribution with the Rest of the Children, without any Consideration of the Value of the Land which he hath by Descent, or otherwise from the Intestate.

VI. And in case there be no Children nor any legal representatives of them, then one Moiety of the said Estate to be aliotted to the Wife of the Intestate, the Residue of the said Estate to be distributed equally to every of the next of Kindred of the Intestate, who are in equal Degree and t'nose who legally represent them.

If no Wise, then to ba distributed

VII. Provided, That there be no representati.ctns admitted atrong coilaterals after Brothers and Sisters Children: (2) And in case there be no Wise, then all the said Estate to be distributed equally to and a

mongil

jll

C 11. 359

mongfl the Children: (3) And in case there be no Child, then to the next of Kindred in equal Degree of the

or unto the Inteflate, and their legal Representatives as aforesaid, and in no other Manner whatsoever. children.

1 Salk, 250*

Raymond 496. Carthcw 51. Jones Sir Though. 93. 2 Vernon 169, 170, 233,

Vlir. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, To the End that a due Regard be had to Creditors, that no such Distribution of the Goods of any Person dying Inteflate be made till No Distribution after one Year be fully expired after the intestate's Death; (z) and that such and every one to whom any 1111 aftci'01 ": Distribution and Share shall be allotted, shall give Bond with sufficient Sureties in the said Courts, that if lear any Debt or Debts truly owing by the Inteflate shall be afterwards sued for and recovered, or otherwise If Debts after duly made to appear; that then and in every such Case he or fhc shall respectively refund and pay back to "'ard3 appejr, the Administrator his or her rateable Part of that Debt or Debts, and of the Costs of Suit and Charges of all10 rc" the Administrator by reason of such Debt, out of the Part and Share so as aforesaid allotted to him or her, t "0nnjf1r°f>or' thereby to enable the said Administrator to pay and satisfy the said Debt or Debts so discovered after the Distribution made as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Ordi This Att

nary hath used heretofore to grant Administration cum Testamento annexe, he shall continue so to do, and the not extend to Will of the Deceased in such Testament expressed shall be performed and observed in such Manner as it Admniflration ftjould have been if this Act had never been made. ijrtamucw

X Provided also, That this Act shall continue in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End

of the next Session of Parliament and no longer.

[29 Car. 2. C 3. §. 25. 30 Car. 2. flat, ic. 6. made perpetual

by 1 Jac. 2. C 17. §. J And see 14 Geo. 2. c. 20. §. 9.

CAP. XI (1.)

An Act to prevent the Delivery up of Merchants Ships, and for the Increase of good and serviceable

Shipping.

WHEREAS it often happeneth that Matters and Commanders of Merchants Ships do suffer their iscar.2. c.sta Ships to be boarded, and their Goods to be taken out by Pirates and sea rovers, notwithstanding,

they have sufficient Force to defend themselves, whereby not only the Merchants are much prejudiced,

but the Honour of the English Navigation is thereby much diminished, and Merchants discouraged from lading their Goods on Board English Ships, to the Decay of Shipping; in the Preservation of which the Wealth, Honour and Safety of this Nation is so much concerned: (2) To which the said Matters are encouraged by a Pfaftice used towards them by the Turks and others, who after they have taken out the Goods, as an Encouragement to Mafcers of Ships to yield, do not only restore the Ship with such Goods as are claimed by the Mailers or Seamen, but many Times pay unto the Masters all or some Part of the Freight, which hath many Times caused Suspicion of Treachery in the said Masters, to the great Dif ' honour of the eng/ijl) Nation

II. For the Prevention thereof for the future, and for the better Encouragement to Merchants, as well k0 rtafler shall; Foreigners as English, to freight and use English Ships, (z) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent deliver up any Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, affem (ot sco bled in Parliament, and by Authority of the same, That where any Goods or Merchandizes shall be laden on board any Englsfb Ship, which Ship shall be of the Burden of two hundred Tonnes or upwards, and pires or others, mounted with sixteen Guns or more, if the Maher or Commander shall yield up the said Goods to any without fight Ships or Vessels, or to any Pirates or sea rovers whatsoever, without fighting; That then and ints. such Case the Mailer shall, upon Proof thereof made in the High Court of Admiralty be from thenceforth incapable of taking Charge of any English Ship or Vessel as Mailer or Commander thereof; (3) and if he shall at any Time thereafter presume to take upon him to command any English) Ship or Vessel, he shall suffer Imprisonment by Warrant from the said Court, during the Space of six Months for every such Offence: (4) And in Case the Persons so taking the said Goods, shall release, give back or let pass the said Ship, shall pay unto the said Mailer any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Goods in Lieu of Money for Freight, or other Reward or Gift; that in all or any such Cases, the said Goods or Money so given, cr the Value thereof, as also the mailer's Part of such Ship, her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture so released, given back or let pass, out of which the said Goods were taken, shall be liable to repair the Persons whose Goods were so delivered or taken, by Action in the High Court of Admiralty: (5) And in case the Commander's or mailer's Part of the Ship, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, together with such Money and Goods given as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to repair all the Damages fufrained; then the Reparations to be recovered on the master's or commander's Part of the Ship, to be divided pro rata amongst the Persons prosecuting and proving their Damages, and the Persons damaged to have their Action against the Master: for the Remainder.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Master of any such English Ship as The masse.-not;

I aforesaid, being at Sea, and having discovered any Ship to be a Turkish Ship, Pirate or sea rover, shall de to depart out part out of his Ship upon any Pretence whatsoever, left by his Detention on Board any such Ship, the Safety of h, £ ship of his own Ship be hazarded.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Master of any English Ship or Vessel, though not of the The Penalty Burden of two hundred Tonnes, or mounted with sixteen Guns as aforesaid, shall yield his Ship unto any tlle £h'p' Turkish Ship, Pirate cr sea rover, (not having at the least his double Number of Guns) without fighting, Tonfand^ every such Mass shall be liable to all and every the Penalties in this Act contained. ctns

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Process made out of the High To fe!ze Court of Admiralty, It shall and may be lawful to and for all Commanders of his Majesty's Ships of picccfs out of

War, that asssiiiit)').

War, or the Commanders of any other English Ships, to seize such Ships or Mathers so offending, according to the said Process in such Case to be issued, and the same to bring or send in Custody into any Ports of his Majesty's Dominions, there to be proceeded against according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. Provided, That none be hereby encouraged to violate the Rights of the Ports of any Foreign Prince or States in Amity with the King's Majesty.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mariners or inferior Officers of any English Ship laden with Goods and Merchandizes as aforesaid, shall decline or refuse to fight and defend the Ship, when they shall be thereunto commanded by the Matter or Commander thereof, or shall utter any Words to discourage the other Mariners from defending the Ship; That every Mariner who shall be found guilty of declining or refusing as aforesaid, shall lose all his Wages due to him, together with such Goods as he hath in his Ship, and fatter Imprisonment, not exceeding the Space of six Months, and shall during such Time be kept to hard Labour for his or their Maintenance.

VIII. Provided always, That if any Ship shall have been yielded as aforesaid, contrary to the Will and Endeavour of the Matter or Commander, by the Disobedience of the Mariners, testified by their having laid violent Hands on him; that in such Case the Matter or Commander shall not be liable to the Sentence of Incapacity as aforesaid, nor to any Action for the Lottes sustained by the Merchants, unless he shall have received back from the Takers thereof, his Ship, or some Recompense, Gift or Reward as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mariner who shall have laid violent Hands on his Commander, whereby to hinder him from fighting in Defence of his Ship and Goods committed to his Trutt, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

X. And for the better Encouragement to Captains, Matters, Officers and Seamen, to defend their Ship;

iz) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any English Ship shall have been defended by ight, and brought to her designed Port, in which Fight any of the Officers or Seamen shall have been wounded, It shall and may be lawful to and for the Judge of his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, or his Surrogate, or the Judge of the Vice admiralty within which the Ship shall arrive at her Return, upon Petition of the Matter or Seamen of such Ship so defended as aforesaid, to call unto him such and so many as he shall be informed to be Adventurers or Owners of the Ship and Goods so defended, and by Advice with them to raise and levy upon the respective Owners and Adventurers, by Process out of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money, as himself with the major Part of the Adventurers or Owners then present shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the Value of two percent, of the Ship and Goods so defended, according to the first Cost of the Goods, to be made appear by the Invoice (which the Owner, or his Factor or Correspondent, is hereby required to produce) or by the Oath of the said Owner, Factor or correspondent, if thereunto required; (3) which Money so raised shall be paid unto the Register of the said Court, who shall receive for the same, threepence in each Pound, and no more, thence to be distributed amongst the Captain, Matter, Officers and Seamen of the said Ship, or Widows and Children of the Slain, according to the Direction of the Judge of the said Court, with the Approbation of three or more of the Owners or Adventurers aforesaid, who shall Proportion the same according to their hest Judgments, unto the ship's Company as aforesaid, having special Regard unto the Widows and Children of such as shall have been slain in that Service, and to such as shall have been wounded or maimed.

XI. And in Case the Company belongeth unto any English Merchant ship fit all happen to take any Ship, which Ship shall first have attaulted them, the respective Officers and Mariners belonging to the same shall after Condemnation of such Ship and Goods, have and receive to their own proper Use and Benefit such Part and Share thereof, ns is usually practised in private Men of War.

XII. And whereas it often happeneth that Matters and Mariners of Shipshaving insured or taken upon Bottomary, greater Sums of Money than the Value of their Adventure, do wilfully cast away, burn, or otherwise destroy the Ships under their Charge, to the Merchants and Owners great Loss; '(2) for the Prevention thereof for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain, Matter, Mariner, or other Officer belonging to any Ship, shall wilfully cast away, burn, or otherwise destroy the Ship unto which lie belongeth, or procure the same to be done, he shall suffer Death as a Felon.

XIII. And for the better Encouragement of Building good and defensible Ships, Be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, that shall within the Space of seven Years from and after the first of May next ensuing build or cause to be built, within any of his Majesty's Dominions, any Ship or Vessel of three Decks, with a Forecattle, and five Foot between each Deck, mounted with thirty Pieces of Ordnance at least, and other Ammunition proportionable, shall for the first two Voyages which the said Ship or Ships make from his Majesty's Dominions to any foreign Part, have and receive to his and their own proper Use and Benefit, one tenth Part:

XIV. And all Persons that shall build any Ships of two Decks, above three hundred Tonnes, and thirty Guns, shall have one twentieth Part of the Customs that shall be paid to his Majesty for all such Goods or a4erchandizes as shall be exported or imported on the said Ship or Ships, to and from this Kingdom: And the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Customs are hereby empowered and required to pay the same to the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Ships accordingly.

Penalty for Mariners refuting to fight.

Where the Matter is forced to yield his Ship, there he is excused.

Penalty for the Mariners to force him to yield his Ship, Felony. When any Officers or Seamen are wounded in Defence of their Ship, Provision is made for their Maintenance. Seamen maimed in Fighting against Pirates, provided for by t Geo. 1. c. 2$.

5*

The Benefit they are to receive by talcing a Ship that shall assault them.

Felony for any Officer or other Person wilfully to Jefiroy any Ship.

Encouragement given for Building good Ships.

Further provisions concerning shipsans Seamen I Jan. 2- C l8. C 2 1 Gt 1 & 14 Geo 2 39

Geo. 2. c. 27 ©

4 © <; Ann, C 20. 6 Ann. C 37. 8 Ann. C 17. 10 Ann. C 17.

C 17 © 24. 11 Geo. 1. c. 29. 3 Geo. 2. c. 36. 5 Geo. 2. c. 20.

17 Geo. 2. c. 34 © 36. 18 Geo. 2. c. 17 *31. 19 Geo. 2. c. 30.

34. 32 Geo. 2. c. 16 © 25. 33 Geo. 2. c. 19.

12 Ann. fiat. 2. C 15. 6 Geo. 2. c. 29. 7 Geo.

20 Geo. 2. c. 24 © 45.

3 Geo. r. C 13. 4 Geo. 1. c. 12. 7 Geo. 'i,

2. C 15.9 Geo. 2. c. 25. 10 Geo. 2. c. 14.

22 Geo. 2. c. 3 © 33. 26 Geo. 2. c. 25. 29

CAP. XII. (2.)

An Additional Act for Ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt. g Anne. is.

12.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the re hath been great Care taken in a late Add, intituled, An Act for 22 Car. z. C the Ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt throughout the Realm, yet the lame is in a great Measure avoided, by Selling in private Places, as well as in public Markets, by the Bag, or without Measuring, by the Buyers baking of the Bushel before it be (truck, lb that those Places who have given Obedience to the said Add, are greatly prejudiced, and their Markets likely to be lost by such un due Practises

II. For Prevention whereof, Be it enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice No Com or Salt and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, shall be bouphr and by Authority of the same, That every Person or Persons, who Ural! from and after the five and twen bythcbjg, with tieth Day of March next fell or buy any Corn ground or unground, or Salt, by the Bag, or without mea luring, being thereunto required, or in any other Manner than as is by the said Add directed, and that with^(baking, the said Buftiel or Measure by the Buyer, shall forfeit and lolb, beside the Penalty of the former Act appointed, all Corn, Grain or Salt, bought or Ibid.contrary to this Add, or the Value thereof, to the Person or Persons complaining.

III. And whereas a great Cause of the Mischief hereby intended to be prevented, doth arise by the Selling in private Places, and so avoiding, not only the Intention of the said Act, but to the great Damagefof public Markets (2) Be it further enacted, That upon complaint made to any one or more Justices The Proof to lie of the Peace, That any Kind of Corn ground or unground, or Salt, hath been sold or bought, or deli upon the defen vered, contrary to this Add, the Proof shall lie.upon the Defendant, to make it appear by the Oaths of one ^"^ahecorn or more credible Witnessts, That he or they did sell or buy the same in every Respect according to this Forfeiture. Crn" and the said former Act, wherein if such Person complained of shall fail, he or they (dial! forfeit and lose as is by this Act before directed, to be levied by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods or Chattels, restoring the Overplus, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more Justices, before whom lie or they shall he so convicted: Penalties by this Add appointed to be levied, shall by the said Justice or Juf howtobedif tices be distributed, one Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence was committed, and the other po(' d Half to the Informer or Prosecutor.

IV. And whereas in all Places where Markets are held, there is not a Clerk of the Market to Seal Where there is all Measures as by the former Add is directed Be it therefore further enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, bailiff's or Head Officer, or other Person or Persons who hath what Persons are the Benefit of such Market, and they and every of them are hereby authorised and required, to seal or caul'e appointed to seat to be sealed all Measures duly gauged, that shall be brought unto them for that Purpose; which Sealing the Mtafures. shall he as effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Measure had been sealed by any Clerk of the Market, every such Mayor, Bailiff or Head Officer, taking no more for so doing than is by the said Add appointed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law This Act shall fill for every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of them, to whom any Sait, rent not extend tu Corn or Tithe corn is reserved or due by any Lease, Grant, Contradd, Custom or Usage, to receive and Rent corn or take all such Rent or other Duties of Salt and Corn as is or shall he so reserved or due, or the just and full tltho co 'n Value thereof in ready Money, according to the Proportion and Quantity, and by the like Measures, and in such Manner, as the lame were due and paid before the Beginning of this Parliament j anything herein dr in any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII (3.)

An Act for exporting of Beer, Ale and mum. Strong Ale, Strong Beer and Mum, may be exported, paying Custom. The Rates of the Custom. The Penalty for unlading the lame in any Places but beyond the Seas. To be in Force for six Years, ce XP. 29 Car. z. C 2.

CAP. XIV (4.)

An Act for Determination of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished within four Years (nice the 19 Car.

late dreadful Fire in London. All Differences about any Houses within the Bills of Mortality, demolished 22car.

by Fire, shall he determined by the Judges, for the Judicature of Houses demolished by Fire within London. Longer Time given to the Judicature. The Time limited for receiving of Complaints Lord Mayor when to dispose of Ground unbuilt. Authority given to grant long Leases of the Savoy Ground.

EXP.

CAP. XV (11.)

An Act for the better Settlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars and Curates, in the Parishes of the City of London burnt by the late dreadful Fire there.

WHEREAS the Tithes in the City of London were levied and paid with great Inequality, and a^e 4 Vy ftnee the late dreadful Fire there, in the rebuilding of the same, by taking away of some Houses altering the Foundations of many, and the new erecting of others, so disordered, that in case they should not for the Time to come be reduced to a Certainty, many Controversies and Suits of Law might thence '

Vol. III Aaa arise

it C II

22 Car. z. C 11

4 .1- 5 Ann.

<- n

tlirrate tithes shall be paid, besides lobes, Perquisites and ffequests.

' arise (2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the annual certain Tithes of all and every Parish and Parishes within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, whose Churches have been demolished, or in Part consumed, by the late Fire, and which said Parishes by Virtue of an Act of this present Parliament, intituled An Additional Act for the Rebuilding of the City of London, Uniting of parishes, and Rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City., remain and continue single, as heretofore they were, or are by the said Act annexed or united into one Parish respectively, shall be as followeth; (that is to say) The annual certain Tithes, or Sum of Money in Lieu of Tithes:

II. f-x F the Parish of Alhallows Lombard street; one hundred and ten Pounds

V (2.) Of St. Bartholomew Exchange; one hundred Pounds -

(3.) Of St. Bridget, alias Brides; one hundred and twenty Pounds -

(4.) Of St. Bennet Fink; one hundred Pounds -

(5.) Of St. Michael crooked lane; one hundred Pounds -

(6.) Of St. christopher; one hundred and twenty Pounds -

(7.) Of St. Dionis back church; one hundred and twenty Pounds -

(8.) Of St. Dunstan in the East; two hundred Pounds --

(9.) Of St. James garlichythe; one hundred Pounds

(10.) Of St. Michael Cornhill, one hundred and forty Pounds -

(11.) Of St. Michael Bafijhaw, one hundred thirty and two Pounds and eleven Shillings

(12.) Of St. Margaret Lothbury; one hundred Pounds -

(13.) Of St. Mary Aldermanbury, one hundred and fifty Pounds ——

(14.) Of St. Martin Luclgate, one hundred and sixty Pounds -

(15.) Of St. Peter Cornhill; one hundred and ten Pounds ——

(16.) Of St. Stephen Coleman jirect; one hundred and ten Pounds -

(17.) Of St. Sepulchre; two hundred Pounds

CXL

CL

cxxl.

- CL

- CL

- exx 1.

- cxxl.

- CC 1.

- C 1.

- CXL 1.

cxxxiil. xis.

- C 1.

- CL 1.

- clxl.

- CXL

- CX 1.

- CCL

- cxll.

CC 1.

(18.) Of Alhallows Bread street, and St. John Evangelif; one hundred and forty Pounds

(19.) Of Alhallows the Great, and Alhallows the Less; hundred Pounds -

(20.) Of St. Allans wood frect, and St. Olaves silver frect, one hundred and seventy Pounds -- CLXX 1.

(21.) Of St. Anne and Agnes, and St. John Zachary, one hundred and forty Pounds -- CXL 1.

(22.) Of St. Augufin and St. Faith; one hundred seventy and two Pounds -- - clxxiil.

- CXL 1. cxxl.

- CXL 1. CL

CC 1. CLXXX I

(23.) Of St. Andrew Wardrobe, and St. Anne Blackfriars; one hundred and forty Pounds

(24.) Of St. Antholin, and St. John Baptist; one hundred and twenty Pounds -

(23.) Of St. Rennet grace church, and St. Leonard Eaf cheap; one hundred and forty Pounds (26.) Of St. Bennet pauls wharf and St. Peter pat/ls whats; one hundred Pounds — (27.) Of Christchurch, and Si. Leonard fojler lane; two hundred Pounds

(28.) Of St. Edmond the King, and St. Nicholas Aeons, one hundred and eighty Pounds (29) Of St. George bo/olph ianc, and St. Botolph Billingsgate; one hundred and eighty Pounds — CLXXX 1

(30.) Of St. Lawrence Jury, and St. Magdalen Milhstreet; one hundred and twenty Pounds -- - cxxl.

(31.) Of St. Magnus, and St. Margaret New Fifs jlrcet; one hundred and seventy Pounds -- - CLXX

(32.) Of St. Michael Royal, and St. Martin Vintry, one hundred and forty Pounds (33) Of St. Matthew Friday jlrect, and St. Peter Cheap, one hundred fifty Pounds (34) Of St. Margaret Pattons, and St. Gabriel fen church; one hundred and twenty Pounds

(35) Of St. Mary at Hill, and St. Andrew Hubbard; two hundred Pounds ——

(36) Of St. Mary tvoolncth, and St. Mary jvool church; one hundred and sixty Pounds (37) Of St. Clement Eaf cheap, and St. Martin Or gars; one hundred and forty Pounds (38.) Of St. Mary Abchurch, and St. Laurence Pountney; one hundred and twenty Pounds (39) Of St. Mary Aldermary, and Si. Thomas Apofles, one hundred and fifty Pounds (40.) Of St. Mary le Bow, St. Pancras sopcr lane, and Alhallows honey lane two hundred Pounds

(41.) Of St. Mildred Poultry, and st.'mary cole church, one hundred and seventy Pounds -

(42.) Of St. Michael jvood frcet, and St. Mary Staining; one hundred Pounds -

(43.) Of St. Mildred Brcadfreet, and St. Margaret Moses; one hundred and thirty Pounds -

(44) Of St. Michael Jhiccnhyth, and Trinity, one hundred and sixty Pounds -

(44.) Of St. Magdalen oldfish street, and St. Gregory, one hundred and twenty Pounds -

( 46.) Of St. Mary Somerset, and St. Man Mountbaw; one hundred and ten Pounds -

(47.) Of St. Nicholas Coleabby, and St. Nicholas Olaves, one hundred and thirty Pounds —

(48.) Of St. Olave Jewry, and St. Martin ironmonger lane; one hundred and twenty Pounds

(49.) Of St. Stephen ivalbrook, and St. Rennet Shecrbog, one hundred Pounds -

(50.) Of St. Swythin and St. Mary Bcthaw; one hundred and forty Pounds -

(51.) Of St. Vedaf, alias Fojlers, and St. Michael fuern; one hundred and sixty Pounds

; cr

III. Which respective Sums of Money to be paid in Lieu of Tithes within the said respective Parishes, and assessed as herein after is directed, shall be and continue to be esteemed, deemed, and taken to all Intents and Purposes, to be the respective certain annual Maintenance (over and above Glebes and Perquisites, Gifts and Bequests to the respective Parson, Vicar and Curate of any Parish for the Time being, or to his or their respective Successors, or to other Persons for his or their Use) of the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates, who shall be legally instituted, indudled and admitted into the respective Parishes aforesaid. a

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II C 15. 363

IV. Anil that the said several Sums of Money for Tithes may be more equally assessed upon the several Who to milr Houses, Buildings, and all other Hereditaments whatsoever, within all tyre laid respective Parishes; C

Be it enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That the Aldermen of such itispective Ward or Wards, within the in "Jn: '

said City, wherein any of the said Parishes respectively lie, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and the Common council men of such respective Ward or Wards, with the churchwardens, and one or more of the Parishioners of such respective Parish, wherein the Maintenance aforesaid is respectively to be assessed, to be nominated by such respective Alderman, Deputy, Common council men and churchwardens, or any five of them, whereof the Alderman or his Deputy to be one, shall at some convenient and seasonable Time before the twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and feveuty one, assemble and meet together in some convenient Place within every of the respective Parishes, in such respective Ward wherein the Maintcnanee aforesaid is to be assessed; (;,) they or the major Part of them, so assembled, shall proportionably assess upon all Houses, Shops, warc houses and Cellars, Wharf,

Keys, Cranes, water houses, (which water houses shall pay in their respective Parishes where they stand, and not elsewhere) and Tofts of Ground, remaining unbuilt) and all other Hereditaments whatsoever,

(except Parsonage and vicarage houses) the whole respective Sum by this Act appointed, or so much of it as is more than what each Impropriator is by this Act enjoined respectively to allow, in the most equal Way that the said Assessors according to the best of their Judgments can make it; which said Act'efiments shall be made and finished before the four and twentieth Day of July then next ensuing.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Variance or Doubt shall happen to If any Variance arise about any Sum so aficited as aforesaid, or that any Parishioner or Parishioners, or Owner or Owners of '"[' "i1"11, litany House, Shop, ware house or Cellar, Wharf, Key, Crane, water house, Toft of Ground or other^determine Hereditament within any of the said Parishes, shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the aftefling of any Sum or Sums of Money in Manner and Form aforesaid; then upon Complaint made by the Party or Parties aggrieved to the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City, within fourteen Days after Notice given to the Party or Parties assessed of such Assessment made, the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, summoning as well the Party or Parties aggrieved, as the Alderman a'nd such others as made the said act eftment, shall hear and determine the same in a summary Way, and the Judgement by them given shall be final and without Appeal.

VI. Provided always, and be is chadded, That any Assessment or Rate to be made or laid by Virtue of A Review, if this Add, shall or may in all or any the Parishes aforesaid, in like Manner be reviewed or altered or laid CC fce' of again within three Months after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred and seventy four, ' e nent' according to the aforesaid Rules, and any such assessment or Rate shall or may be again reviewed or re

assessed within three Months after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty one; and that all and every such new Assessment and Rate shall be liable to the like Appeals as aforesaid, and shall be collected, levied and paid as any other Assessment or Rate mentioned in this Act, may or ought to be.

VII. And if the said Alderman, Deputy, Common council men and Parishioner or Parishioners so apis the Prrfnn! pointed as aforesaid, shall after Summons and Request made in that Behalf unto them by the Lord Mayor appointed by this and Court of Aldermen, or the Incumbent or Incumbents of any of the said respective Parish or Parishes, JT^refuse and neglect to meet and make such assessments as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and0

for such Person or Persons as shall be thereunto authorised and required the said Lord Mayor and Court ti, C Lorn Ua; or, of Aldermen, to make such assessment as by the said Aldermen, Deputy, Common council men, church c. wardens, Parishioner or Parishioners aforesaid, should or ought to have been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aflcssors within ten Days after Three Tran _ such Assessments made, and the respective Appeals (if any be) determined, shall make three Transcripts cr ptsuwrc.fto thereof in Parchment, containing the respective Sums to be payable or appointed to be paid out of all and " *oy C

every the Premises within such respective Parish, and subscribe the same under their Hands, and within twenty Days after such Subscription as aforesaid; of the said Transcripts shall be returned to the Lord 0n210, JC re May or of the City of London to be kept and preserved by the said Lord Mayor, in and among the Ree

cords of the said City, for a perpetual Memorial thereof; and another of the said Transcripts shall be re Another totte turned into the Registry of the Lord Bishop of London, to be kept and preserved as aforesaid; and the other Biifcop of lon of the said Transcripts shall remain and be kept in the Vestry of such respective Parish for a perpetual Me dun's Reguiry. morlal as aforesaid. The aether to re

IX. And for the surer and better Payment of the said respective Sums of Money so to be assessed and taxed towards the Raising of the said Maintenance of the respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates of the e r/'

said respective Parishes as aforesaid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all anj wl>en f 'm5 every such respective Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed and taxed as aforesaid, towards the Raising, 1 kc of the said_maintenance of the said respective Paifons, Vicars and Curates of the said respective Parishes, 10

shall be paid to the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates and their Successors respectively, at the four most usual Feasts, (that is to say) at the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin A'uiry, the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel and the Nativity of our Blessed Saviour, or within fourteen Days after each of the Feasts aforesaid, by equal Payments; the respective Payments thereof to begin and commence only from such Time and Times as the Incumbent or Incumbents of fuel) respective Parish shall be gin to officiate or preach as Incumbent or Parson in the respective Church belonging to such respective Parish, or in some other convenient Place or Places in such respective Parish or Parishes to be nominated or appointed by the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, or by the Archbishop of Canterbury in any Place within his Peculiars.

X. And in any Parish or Parishes where any Impropriations be. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Impropriator or Impropriators of any of the said Parishes shall pay and allow rl^goivan' what really and bona fide they have used and ought to pay and facisfy to the respective Incumbent of such Cti they did b: L

Aaa 2 respective fvre the Fire.

If the Lord Mayor refuse to execute this at, then who a appointed to execute it.

respective Parish at any Time before the said late Fire, and the same shall be esteemed and computed a Part of the Maintenance of such Incumbent; notwithstanding this Act or any Clause or Matter or Thin; therein contained.

Upon Rcfufalof

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any the Inhabitants in any the respectpayment, how tive Parish or Parishes as aforesaid shall or do refuse or neglect to pay to the respective Incumbents aforesaid to levy it. of any of the fai(] respective Parishes, any Sum or Sums of Money to him respectively payable or appointee to be by this Act or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, (being lawfully demanded at the House or Houses, Wharf, Key, Crane, Cellar or other Premises whereout the fami is payable) That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor of the City of London for th Time being, upon Oath to be made before him of such Refusal or Neglect, to give and grant out Warrants for the Officer or Person appointed to collect the same, with the Assistance of a Constable in tin daytime, to levy the same Tithes or Sums of Money so due and in arrear and unpaid, by Distress aitc Sale of the Goods of the Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting to pay, restoring to the Owner or Owner.' the Overplus of such Goods, over and above the said Arrears of the said Moneys so due and unpaid, anc the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, which he is to deduct out of the Moneys raised by Sale of such Goods.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Case the Lord Mayor or Court of Aldermen shall refuse or neglect to execute any of the respective Powers to them by this Act granted, or to perform all and every such Thing relating either to the Afieffing or Levying of the respective Sums aforesaid, as they are by this Act authorised and required to perform. That then it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, or any two or more of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to do and perform what the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, according to the true Intent or Meaning of this present Act, might or ought to have done, and by such Warrant, either to empower any Person or Persons to make the respective Assessments, as aforesaid, or to authorise the respective Officers or Persons appointed to collect the Sums aforesaid, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons that shall refuse or neglect to pay the same in Manner and Form aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any of the Parishes within the said City have since the late Fire, by Death or otherwise, become vacant, the surviving or remaining Incumbent of the other Parish thereto united, or therewith consolidated, shall have and enjoy, and have Tike Remedy to recover the Tithes hereby settled to be paid, as if he had been actually presented, admitted, instituted and indufted into both the said Parishes, since the Union and Consolidation thereof.

XIV. Provided always, That no Court or Judge Ecclesiastical or Temporal shall hold Plea of or for any the Sum or Sums of Money due and owing, or to be paid by Virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, other than the Persons hereby authorised to have Cognizance thereof: Nor shall it be lawful to or for any par son, Vicar, Curate, or Incumbent, to convent or sue any Person or Persons affected as aforesaid, and refusing or neglecting to pay the same, in any Court or Courts, or before any Judge or Judges, other than what are authorised and appointed by this Act, for the Hearing and Determining of the same, in Manner aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Warden and Minor Canons of

No Court whatsoever hall hold Plea for any Duty arising upon this act.'

An Exception

churclpouf of S Church, London, Parson and Proprietors of the Rectory of Sr. Gregory aforesaid, to receive and this"aft. enjoy all Tithes, Oblations, and Duties arising or growing due within the said Parish, in as large and

beneficial Manner as formerly they have or lawfully might have done notwithstanding.

Farther Provisions respecting tish.'if 7 8 IK 3. C 6. ami 11 & 1

anything herein to the contrary

IK 3. C 16. which last is wade perpetual by 1 Geo. 1. c. 26.

(12.)

EXP. An Act for the Discovery of such as have defrauded the Poor of the City of London, of the Moneys given

for their Relief, at the Times of the late Plague and Fire, and for Recovery of the Arrears thereof. All Moneys received upon Charity for the Poor of the City of London, to be paid in If the Receivers are dead, their Executors or Administrators to pay it. Forfeiture. All Bishops and Officials, iic. shall in their Visitations give it in Charge to the Churchwardens, C So likewise shall Justices of Assize, and Justices of the Peace. Justices of the Peace may hear and.determine this Matter at the Sessions. Distress of Goods. No Appeal from their Judgement. Distinct Accounts to be returned by the Collectors. That the Bishops shall certify what Money hath been expended out of public Stocks, or lent towards the Support of Persons iick of the Plague, within their Dioceses. How to be repaid again. To whom jt must be paid. How the Surplusage ro be disposed of A Saying to the ordinary's Jurisdiction. Upon any Suit brought for the Execution of this Act, the Defendant to plead Not guilty, and recover double Costs.

CAP. XVII (13.)

An Act for the better Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the City of London.

That the Nam

WHEREAS by a late Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Rebuilding the City of her of Sewers, C London, It is enacted (amongst other Things) that the Numbers and Places for all Common rawnethe' and Sewers, Kreins and Vaults, and the Order and Manner of Paving and Pitching the Streets and Lanes 18 " ' within

365

within the said City and Liberties thereof, shall be designed and set out, by such and so many Persons Streets, frail be

as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty in Common Council assembled, hall from Time" to Time fct°ut ly ror, f "

' authorise and appoint under their Common Seal, or the more Part of them: '(t) Which said Persons so ll/liayor snd authorised and appointed, or any seven or more of them, together with the said Surveyors, or same or common c«n ' one of them, within his or their Precincts respectively, shall at their Meeting have Power and Authority cil that! appoipt.

' to order and direct the Making; of any new Vaults, Dreins and Sewers, or to cut into any dr in cr '9 Car, s. C 3.

' Sewer already made, and for the Altering, Enlarging, Amending, Cleansing, and Scowering of any old V 20-

Vaults, Sinks, or Common Sewers.

II. For the better effecting whereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons so nutho A 1'over to im rized and appointed as aforesaid, or' any seven or 'more of them, at their said Meeting, to impose any Pofca Jax ' reasonable Tax upon all Houses within the said City and Liberties. thereof, in Proportion to the Benefit they shall receive thereby, for and towards the new Making, Cutting, Altering, Enlarging, Amend ing, Cleansing and scowring all and singular. the said Vaults, Dreins, Sewers, Pavements and Pitching aforesaid; in Default of Payment of the f. id sums'to to be charged, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons so authorised as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, by Order and Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Sum and Sums of Money so assessed, by Distress and Sale of To levy by the Goods of the Party chargeable therewith, and refusing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be;,) (z) and that all o her Commissioners whatsoever, be altogether suspended to inter meddle in the prerni.'cs within the said City and Liberties thereof, for the Space of seven Years next, and for so long after until the said intended building shall be fully finished; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

III. Be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Clause or Branch of the said Act herein before.recitc.d.shall remain and continue in Force, and be made perpetual, and the Powers and Authorities thereby given and appointed to be executed by such Persons as shall in that behalf be authorised and appointed by the said Mayor, The I otd Mayor -- Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, according to the Tenor thereof, under their corh ad Common mon Seal, or any seven or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time for ever hereafter, be put in ^cleansn'* 7 Execution according to the Purport and Effect of the aforesaid Act; (z) and 'that no other Commissioners, pjvfeg'of

or any other Persons whatsoever, shall at any Time hereafter intermeddle in the Premises; within the said the Streets.

City or Liberties thereof; any i.aw or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. II

IV. And to the End that for the future all Irregularities in Paving and Pitching of the Streets, Lanes and passages, within the said City and Liberties thereof, and the Frequent Defaults of cleansing the same may be prevented and remedied; (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth the i'ole Power and Authority of ordering, designing and regulating, as well the Cleansing and k.eepingylean all the Streets, Lanes, and passages whatsoever within the said City and Liberties, and the Pitching and Paving, with the Order and Manner thereof, and for making and cleansing Dreins and Sewers, shall be and remain in the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, to be managed', 'executed and done by such Persons, as by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall, be thereunto authorised and appointed, or by any seven or more of them, (being all Members of the said Court), and no other Persons whatsoever, and in such Sort and Manner as from Time to Time shallby them be found moil convenient for the public Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said City in general.

V. And all Paviers, Scavengers, Carters, Labourers and Lightermen, and all other Persons that have All Pavicrsani" been heretofore, or that may hereafter be employed in any of the Works belonging to the Dreins of Sew Scavengers n. ers, Pitching, Paving or Cleansing of the Streets, i.anes or Passages within the said City or Liberties there jheirdir la ^6 of,

R

to be authorised, or any seven or more of them.

VI. And that the Parties therein offending, contrary to this present Act, shall and may be proceeded thepuniflunene

against, and thereof convicted by Indidlrnent at the next Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said City oltllc

and Liberties thereof, according to his their several Offences, unless they shall submit to the Judgement

and Censure of the Persons so to be authorised and appointed as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them,

and shall satisfy and pay such Mulct or Penalty as by them shall be set and imposed for such Offence, into

the Chamber of the City of London, to be employed for and towards the Works in this Act mentioned; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better enabling the said Mayor, Power to impose covnmonalty and Citizens to effect and perform all and singular the Works in and by this present at men ar. afonabiei tioned and appointed to be done, and for the defraying the Charge thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons so to be authorised and appointed as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, at their public Meetings, from Time to Time, as oft.as Need shall be or require, to inpose any reasonable Tax or Assessment upon the several Wards and Predndts thereof, within the said City and Liberties, and to direct Precepts or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, or of any seven or more of them, unto the respective Deputies and Common council mcn of the said several Wards, thereby requiring them to rate and assess the said Taxes and Assessments, in Manner hereafter following: (2) and also to direct like Precepts or Warrants to such and so many of the Scavengers within the respective Wards as they shall think lit, thereby requiring them to collect!'and levy the Moneys so affieffied, upon Receipt whereof the said Deputies and Common council men thereunto appointed, are hereby required to make an Assessment and Distribution of the Proportion charged upon their respective Wards and Precincts thereof as aforesaid, as well upon the Tenants and Occupiers of Houses, Shops, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, as upon

ths.

1

if, are hereby enjoined and required, duly and constantly to obey, observe and execute all such Orders, tiles' and Directions, as shall be from Time to Time appointed or prescribed by the Persons in that Behalf;

the owners or others interested.of or in such Houses, Tofts of Ground unbuilt, and other Hereditaments whereof there shall be no present Occupier.

VIII. And where any Church or churchyard shall be fronting and adjoining to any of the said Streets, Lanes or passages, to rate and assess a reasonable Proportion thereof upon the Parish thereunto belonging, the same to be paid by the Churchwardens of every, such Parish for the Time being, who are hereby required to pay the same accordingly in the Behalf of the said Patifn: (2) Of which aflettments the said Deputies and Common council men hall return Duplicates in Writing, together with the Names of the Scavengers to be appointed for the Collection thereof, within twenty Days next after the Receipt of such Precept or Warrant respectively; in Case of their Neglect or Default in rating or assessing the same, or in returning such Duplicates of their Assessments within the Time limited as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the aid Persons so to be authorised and appointed, or any seven or more of them, to rate^and assess the respective Taxes and Assessments within the several Wards and Precincts where such Defaultsshall be, upon the respective Inhabitants and others, in Manner as aforesaid; all which Sum and Sums Scavengers of Money so to be rated andassessedin Pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time be collected and

Names who are to collect.

Houses unbuilt

the churchwar <jen3 to pay for it Church or church yaid.

Duplicates in Writing of the attelvments to be returned, to

Penalty for nonpayment after six Days.

The Money to be paid into the Chamber of London.

In case any Defect of Paving, how to be redressed.

encouraged,

Layftals to be provided for the Receipt of the Dirt, C

To be purchased vvrh the Moneys to be raised out of the Impofi

5-38.

If any Person is aggrieved, he may appeal.

No petons who are liable to the public Charge of altering, or cleansing any Lancs, Sewer

who by this Act are made liable to be rated or addled towards the public. Charge of altering, enlarging, amending, or cleansing of the said Vaults, or Sewers, or of cleaning, pitching or paving the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other common Passages within the said City and Liberties thereof, for or in respect of any Houses, Tofts, or other Hereditaments, shall from and after the first Day of May one thousand six to be further hundred seventy one, beotherwise charged therewith, or liable thereunto, or to be troubled, molested, or chargeable. prosecuted for or in Respect thereof; any other Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary not with

C landing. [By z W. St M. Self. 2. C 8'. 23. Persons ailing in Pursuance of this. Statute may plead the

General Issue, and have, treble Coils, &c.j

tkijjior.ers of the Severs for the City of Lonelor, the same Powers as Commissioners of the Sewers for Counties Lave,

levied by the Scavengers to be appointed for the collecting thereof as aforesaid, who are hereby authorised and required to collect and levy the same accordingly; and in Default of Payment of the Sums to be charged andassessedas aforesaid, or any Part thereof, by the Space of six Days after Demand thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Scavengers to be appointed for the collecting and levying thereof as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and required thereunto, to levy all such Sum and Sums of Money so assessed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Parties refusing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus, if any shall be; besides the reasonable Charge of taking such Distress, to the Party or Parties so distrained.

IX. All which Sum and Sums of Money, from Time to Time, hereafter to be collected and levied by Virtue of this present Act, shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, by the said Scavengers who shall colledi the same respectively, where Books of Accounts shall be kept of the Receipt thereof, by the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being: (z) And no Moneys shall be issued thereout, otherwise than by Order or Warrant under the Hands of the said Persons so to be appointed and authorised as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in and by this Act mentioned and appointed.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any Citizen or Inhabitant within the said City or Liberties thereof hall find himself aggrieved through the Defect or Decay of the Pavements in any of the said Streets, Lanes or Passages within the said City or Liberties thereof, or for want of due cleansing thereof, the same being made appear to the Persons so to be authorised and appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, at their public Meeting, and upon due Proof made, that such Grievance is unreformed; that then and in such Case the Person and Persons complaining hall forthwith receive the Order and Directions of the said Persons so authorised and appointed, or any seven or more of them, for redressing thereof, together with a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being, to issue out Moneys for defraying the

The Prosecutor Charge thereof, together with any Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Shillings, for Encouragement of his or their Diligence therein, who, upon Receipt of such Warrant, hall pay the same accordingly.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, to appoint, set out and purchase for the public Use and Benefit of the fmj City of London, in Places convenient, and where the same may be lead Annoyance, such and so many Pieces or Parcels of Ground for Layflals and Places for public Stores, as they sit all adjudge neceflaiyand convenient for the Receipt of the Soil, Dirt and Rubbish, which shall be removed and carried out of the said City and Liberties thereof, as for other Materials and Commodities.

XII. And that all such Pieces of Ground for Lnyftals and Places for public Stores, as by them shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be satisfied and paid for out of the Moneys raised or hereafter to be raised by the Imposition upon Coals, appointed for public Uses of the said City, by Virtue of the said Act for rebuilding the City, and of another Act, intituled An Additional Act for Rebuilding of the City of London, Uniting of

tion on coa's.

oicjr.2. C II par; jhes, and Rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City, (other than the Money appointed for building of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, and other Churches within the said City, and reserving sufficient to satisfy such Persons whose Grounds have been taken from them) or either of them; any Law or Statute to the contrary the eof in any wise rnotwithstanding.

XLII. And in case that any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves aggrieved by Reason of any Tax, Assessment, or other Charge to be imposed by Virtue or Colour of this present Act; That then it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties so aggrieved, within five Days after Demand thereof, to appeal to the Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, for.

Redress therein, whose Order

in that Behalf shall be final.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, -

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Carol ill. 0.18, 19. 367

CAP. XVIII (i2.)

An act for the better Regulating of Workhouses for setting the Poor on Work.

FOR the more effectual putting in Execution of an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of 13 & 14 Car. i.

your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom and to the C i2,

End that the Poor of the several Parishes within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and other Parishes

within the County of Middlesex, mentioned within the Weekly Bill of Mortality, may for the future be

duly provided for, according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, May it please your most Excellent El f

Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, and with to V homh'hc

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Money, when

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Moneys assessed, Or ordered to be assessed, upon any collcfled, null

Person, in Pursuance of the said Act, since the first Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand liepa'<1,

six hundred sixty and five, shall be collected and paid in to the Treasurers of the respective Corporations,

by or before the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and one; and all Moneys already collected by Authority of the said Act, shall be paid in to the said Treasurers, by or before the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy

and one: (3) And that the Officers of the said Corporations erected and constituted in Pursuance of the said Act, 'and their Treasurers, shall make and give Quarterly Accounts to the Justices of Peace, who are To whom to

hereby required to demand and call for the said Accounts, and are not to raise any more Moneys upon any Accoun.

new Certificates whatsoever, until there be a just Account given to, and allowed by, the Justices of the Peace aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said former and this present Act.

II. And whereas some Accounts have been made by the former Governors, of Part of the Moneys raised by the Act aforesaid, and some of them stand engaged for Payment of certain Sums of Money, which were borrowed and expended in Pursuance of the said former act be it further enacted, That all such Accounts which shall appear to the said Justices (not having been Governors of the said Corporations) to have been made according to the Act aforesaid, shall be and are hereby ratified and confirmed; and that such Moneys as have not been accounted for as aforesaid, shall be accounted for according as in the said Act is provided.

III. And that all Moneys lent, and all such Debts as: ny of them, or any of the Members of the said Moneys lent Corporations aforesaid, stand engaged for, and have been contracted for the Uses expressed an the said Act, 1, 1311 he Pa shall upon Order from the Justices aforesaid (ascertaining the same) be discharged and satisfied by the respective Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall from Time to Time be allowed in their: respective Accounts.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sum or Sums of Money to be levied The Tax not to upon the Inhabitants of any of the said respective Parishes, according to the said former or this present Act, exceed one shall in any one Year exceed one fourth Part of the Assessment to the Poor for that Year, laid on any of the Foutlh efthe Parishes and Liberties aforesaid: said Sum shall be paid by the respective Inhabitants of the said Poors Aflc11' Parishes, at two several Payments, to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the said Corporations (that is to say) when to be paid, at the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, or within. Days after either of the said Feasts as aforesaid.

V. And be it also enacted, That no assessment shall be laid or made on any of the Parishes aforesaid, when the af after the nine and twentieth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six fenvrems to be hundred seventy and five; anything in the said former or this present Act to the contrary in any wise laid, notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall in any Sort extend to the Superfeding, Altera Saving for ing or Vacating any of the Powers given by the said former Act to the Lord Mayor and Governors London and for the Corporation within the City of London, or the Parish of St. Margaret's Westminster, but that the St margaret's«same and all the other Clauses and Articles in the said former Act shall to all Tntents and Purposes be fully w<rflm|nlter. executed and observed within the City of London, and Parish of St. Margaret's westmirjler, as if this Act Kaftter Pffw' had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. pdr^s" !^.

MC. S f9ftr. 3. C 30.9£? jo IV 3. f. u. II ln. fiat. 1. C 18. jc», i, (, 8.9sin. 1. (. 7. z Geo. 1. c. 28. 3 Geo. L C 29,

17 gco.z. c. 3, 37 & 38. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 11.

CAP. XIX (15.)

An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and elsewhere. No Jobber or 2 & 3 Ed. 6.'. Broker, &c. to buy any Cattle, except Swine or Calves, within fourfeore Miles of London. Forfeiture. C 15 in Part repealed by z Car. z. C 4. see 3 Ann. C 34. (A 7 Ann. C 6. One Butcher shall not sell to ano 15&cal(j'g -

- there Butcher. Forfeiture. No Drover shall be licensed by any Justice of Peace within eighty Miles of

London. Who shall be licensed Drovers. To be bound with Sureties. The Proof shall be upon the i'jac. 1. C 22,

Party offending. No vexatious Information shall be brought upon this Act. The Penalty. Justices of $. 3.

the Peace at their Quarter sessions have Power to hear and determine. To make Extracts. To award

Execution. No Certiorari to be allowed to remove any Information. Fat Cattle bought in Smithfield

shall not be there sold again. Penalty. Cattle there sold, how to be marked. Customs of Foreign '

bought, and Foreign sold, taken away. Calves under five Weeks old may be killed. The Prosecution

to be within six Months. The Continuance hereof. Farther continued by 11 A iz TV. 3. C 13. §. 5.

for seven Years from September 1700. No Composition to be made. Forfeiture. Continued by 5 Ann.

C 34. from 1 Mar. 1707. for seven Years.

EXP.

Q^r 'AT'^»

C 20. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. A.D. 1&70.

TJ £/.-&.

4. j. EL C

14.

F n forced 2. Geo. 2.

by

C 22.

No Sheriff, Bailiff or other Olftcer, flrall cusry any Person to any Tavern, Alehouse, See. or call for any Wine or Ale, Avirhoat hi free Con lent;

CAP. XX (7.) (160 An Act for the relief and vreleafe of poor distrelrd Prisoners for Debt.

fornfmuch as very many' Per Tonnes now detained in Prison miserably impoverished, either by reason of the late unhappy Times, the and, dreadful Pire, their ovyn Misfortunes, or otherwtle, so as they are totally disabled to give any Satisfaction to their Creditors, and so become, without Advantage t? any, a Charge and Burden to the Kingdom, 'and by Noifomness (inseparably incident to extreme Poverty) may become the Occasion of Pestilence and contagious Diseases, to the great Prejudice of the kingdom;

' of the Peace; shall command the Body of any Prisoner to be brought before him. The Form f ' the Oath The ftrisoner to be remanded.' Notice to be left with the Plaintiff to appear at the seuions.' C When the Prisoner to be discharged. .30' Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 4. §. 4. Wilfulness in the Creditor. The sheriff, e. discharged fro, m all Escapes. 30 Car. 2. Stat. 1. C 4. §. 8. Double Costs. The Judgments Aral I starid good notwithstanding the Discharge. The Prisoner taking a false Oath, shall be indicted of Perjury. A new Execution to beawarded against him. No Officer than delay to bring any Prisoner be fore a Justice of thepeacc. The Penalty. 30, Car, Stat. i. ei §. 7."

it is found hv common Experience, That such Person or Persons that are under ar to the custody of Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Gaolers, Keepers of Prisons or Gaols, are much

by Law ought to be taken for waiting.

IX. And wfie pgas

' Jess, or committed to the Uultody of sheriffs, "bailiffs, tiaoiers, Keepers ot Prisons Or Gaols, are;

' abused and wronged by Extorting of great Fees', Rewards and' other Exactions', and put to great Expences under Pretences of Favour or other wise, whereby they are greatly oppressed, and many Time's ruined in their estates (2) For Remedy thereof, pe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Under s'herilf, Bailiff, Sergeant at Mace or other Officer or Minister whatsoever, at any Time or Times hereafter have in his or their Custody any Person. or Persons by Virtue or Colour of any Writ; Process or cause to

ftualling or

charge such Prisoner with any "Stuff of Money for any wine, Beef, Ale, Victuals. Tobacco Or any" other Things n©rdemand. or wharfoevef, but what the Arid Person or Persons shall cal! for of his, her or their own Accord; (3) and receive 'greater, fha 11 not demand, take or receive, or.cause' to be demanded, taken or received, directly or indirectly, any Sum than " hat 0tbcf or greater Sum or Sums than what by Law ought to be taken or demanded for such Arrest, Taking or Waiting; (until such Person or Persons shall have procured an Appearance, found Bail, agreed with his or their A'dverfaflesj or be ferit to the proper Gaol belonging to the County, City, Town or Place, where fueharreftor takingftia.il he) (4) nor take and exact any other Reward or Gratuity for so Keeping the said Person or Persons out of the Gaol or Prison, than what he, she or they shall or vfill of his, her or their own Accord voluntarily and freely give; (5) nor take nor receive any other Or greater Sum or Sums for each night's Lodging or oth er Expences, than what is reasonable and sitting in such Cases, or shall be so adjudged by" the next Justice of the Peace or at the next Quarter sessions; (6) and shall not cause or procure the Lid Person or Persons to pay for any other Wine, Beer, Ale, Victuals, Tobacco or other Things, than what the said perfori or Persons shall voluntarily, particularly and freely call for.

tliatallsheriffs, X And that every Under sherifiy Gaoler, Keeper of Prison or Gaol, and every Person or Persons what oaolqs.&c shall spever, to whosecuffo/iy any Person or Persons shall be delivered or eomrriitted, by Virtue of any Writ or pertmt their tri pr(^efsj or any pretenpe.whatsoever, shall permit and suffer the said Person or Persons at his and their Will j.cc fiary food°r;, ri'^ pk&fu're, to send Tor and have any Beer, Ale, Victuals and other necessary Food, where and from where, they whence they, please; to have, and life such Bedding, Linen and other Things, as the said Person or pieaie jpeitbns shall think fit, without any Purloining, Detaining' or Paying for the same or any Part thereof; nor

Nor'demandany shall demand, take or receive of the said Person or Persons any other or greater Fee or Fees whatsoever, greater Fee for for his, her or thin; Commitment, Release or Discharge, or for his, her or their chamber rent, than what t: CII Como it is allowable by Law, 'until the same shall be settled by three Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the ' u' "u Quo'riim, of each particular County', City and Town Corporate in their several Precincts; for the City V liais allolvg of Lonchn and Counties of miel'ilejex^nna Surrey, the two Lord Chief Justices of the King's Bench and tie.'Common Pleas, and thfe Lord 'Chief Baron, or any two of them,; and the Justices of the Peace of the same in their several Jurisdictions.'

th.it inquiry be __

XI. And h!cewife that the said Lord Chief Justices, Lord Chief Baron, and Justices of the Peace in their

rrudeimo all several Jurisdictions. and all Commissioners for Charitable Uses, do use their best Endeavours and Diligence

chanty exartv. ue and find out the' several legacies, Gifts and Bequests bestowed and given for the Benefit and

ifonm.ad vai«age iof the poor Prisoners. for Debt; in the several Gaols and Prisons in this Kingdom, and to send for any Deeds, Wills, Writings and Books of Accounts whatsoever, and any Person or Persons concerned therein, 'and to examine them upon Oath, to make true Discovery thereof (which they have full Power

and. Authority; hereby jto do) and the same so found out and afrertained, to order and settle in some Manner

2nd Way, f that the Prisoners hereafter may not be defrauded, but receive the full Benefit thereof, according to the true Intent f. the Donors.

That the Ratos'XII. And "that these Accounts of the several T. eoaeies. Gifts anti Rermefts oivrn and beftmved upon the

ernment them

dges for

Justices, u. m) tjte fevfral Circuits jj, nd Justices of the 'Peace for the Time being in their several Precincts, and fairly writ 'tiungupiueaciy ten and hung up in a Table in every Gaol and Prison, before the fist Day. oft November one thousand six Gjo), fdii iy hundred seventy and one, and likewise be registered by each and every Clerk of the Peace within his or their ' -. particular

for the Be, poor pyibners,

particular jurisdiction: And after such Establishment no other or greater Fee or' Fees than shall be so established, shall be demanded or received.

XIII. And whereas it is become the common Practice of the Gaolers and Keepers of Nevjzatc, the gaie house at tvcjhninster and sundry other Gaols and Prisons, to lodge together in one Room or Chamber and Bed, Prisoners for Debt and Felons, whereby many Times honest Gentlemen, Tradesmen and others, ' Prisoners for Debt, are disturbed and hindered in the nighttime from their natural Rest, by Reason of their Fetters and Irons, and otherwise much offended and troubled by their lewd and prophnne Language and Discourses, with most horrid Curling and Swearing, (much accustomed to such Persons) (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful hereafter for any Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, to put, keep or lodge Prisoners for Debt and Felons together in one Room or Chamber; but that they shall be put, kept and lodged separate and apart one from another in distinct Rooms; (3) upon Pain that he, she or they which shall offend against this Act, or the true Intent and Meaning thereof or any Part "thereof, shall forfeit and lose his or her Office, Place or Employment, and sit all forfeit treble Damages to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Virtue of this Act; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 30 Car. 2.

Farther Prcvtfons relating hereto, £? 5 V & C 21. 8 & 9IV 3. C 27. it & 12 TV, 3. (. Jg. 1 Ann fiat. 2. C 6. 5 Ann. C 9. II Geo. 1. c. 22. 11 Geo. 2. c. 20, L Gee. 2. C 31. 2/ Geo. 2. c. 3 & 17. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 2s.

Felons and Prisoners for Debt, not to be lodged together.

1 Ed. 3. Snt,

1 & 2. C 7.

2 Inst. 35.

The Foricitnre

for offending against this Ash g Gn. 1. C 26.

i7)

An Act for Taking the Accounts of sixty thousand Pounds, and other Moneys given to the loyal and indigent

Officers.

CAP. XXII (isj

An act for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty.

WHEREAS by diverse Statutes in old Time made, it was provided, That the Estreats of Fines, If ' y lues, Amerciaments and other Forfeitures should be certified and delivered into the Exchequer year ' ly, and that from thence the Estreats of the Summons should go forth through all Shires for the Levying thereof: (z) Since the Making of which Laws many are the Abuses and Mischiefs arisen and practised,

' not only by the not timely certifying and estreating the said Fines and Forfeitures, but also by the sinister Practice amongst Officers, in sparing, discharging and not certifying at all, or if they do certifjr, yet by f mif certifying and Eftreating the said Fines and Forfeitures in and into the said Court of Exchequer

II. For Remedy whereof, and Mischiefs of the like Kind, Be it enacted and ordained by the King's moult All Fine?, Poll excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Fines, issues. Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth

all Fines, Post fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Sum and Sums of Money paid or to anvof&etfwfei be paid in Lieu or Sadsfadion of them or any of them, and all other Forfeitures whatsoever, which alrea tures forfeited in dy are or hereafter shall be set, imposed, lost or forfeited, in his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Com ibe King's irion Bench or Exchequer, shall be certified and estreated in and into the said Court of Exchequer, twice Bench, or com in every Year yearly (that is to say) All Fines, Post fines, Hues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, tete. ffed^vice Sum and Sums of Money paid or to be paid in Lieu or Satisfaction of them or any of them, and all every Year into other Forfeitures whatsoever arising in any of the said Courts, from the Beginning of every Hillary Term the Exchequer, in every Year to the Beginning of every Trinity Term in every Year, shall be and are hereby ordained to Hillary Term, be certified and estreated in and into the said Court of Exchequer, the last Day of every Trinity Term in Trinity Term, every Year.

III. And all Fines, Post fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Sum and Sums of Money paid and to be paid in Lieu or Satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other Forfeitures whatsoever arising in any of the said Courts, from the Beginning of every Trinity Term in every Year to the Beginning of every Hillary Term in every Year, shall be in like Manner certified and estreated in and into the said Court of Exchequer, the said last Day of every Hillary Term in every Year; (a) on Pain that every Officer and Minister of or belonging to the said Courts or any of them, to whom it doth, ought or shall belong or appertain, to make Certificate or Estreat of any of the said Fines or Forfeitures, making Default or offending therein, to forfeit and pay fifty Pounds for every such Default cr Failure that shall be The Penalty, made in Certifying and Eftreating as aforesaid; one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons that hall or will sue for the same in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, Bill or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection shall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall alter or change the Course now used in A Saving out of the Certifying and Eftreating of Hues from the said Court of Common Bench, nor of Fines Pro licentia dnsaft. concorclandi, commonly called Post fines, being Terrnly certified and estreated into the said Court of Exchequer, nor the terrnly estreating of Hues certified out of the Office of Pleas belonging to the said Court of Exchequer, to the Clerk of the Estreats there. AI Fines an

V. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Issues, Amercia Forfeitures, He. ments forfeited, Recognizances, Sum and Sums of Money paid or to be paid in Lieu or Sadsfadion of them before judges of orany of them, and all other Forfeitures whatsoever, which already are or hereafter shall be set, imposed, Aflisc, Clerks of lost or forfeited, by or before any Judge or Judges of Assize, Clerk of the Market or Commissioners of

Sewers throughout the Kingdom of England, shall be and are hereby ordained to be certified and estreated

into the said Court of Exchequer twice in every Year yearly, (that is to say) All Fines Issues, Amer be in likeman

vol. Ill, Bb b ciaments Etr certified.

tlietimc when.

Forfeiture.

All Clerks of the Peace, and Town clerks, to deliver to the Sheriff a Schedule of all Fines, C

And Return a Duplicate into the Exchequer.

The Penalty,

All Persons whatsoever shall not withhold, hut estreat all Fines, C into the Exchequer.

Penalty enlarged by 3 Geo. i, C 15. $. 12.

Upon all Certificates and Estreats, the green wax shall go forth for the Levying of the same.

A Saving of all Rights and Liberties.

C 22. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. A.D. 1670.

ciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Sum and Sums of Money paid or to be paid in Lieu or Satisfaction of them or any of them, arising or happening in any of the aid Courts last mentioned, or before any Judge or Judges of the same, from the Feast: of St. Michael the Archangel in every Year, to the Feast of ea/ler in every Year, shall be certified and estreated in and into the said Court of Exchequer, before the first Day of Trinity Term in every Year.

VI. And all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited. Recognizances, Sum and Sums of Money paid or to be paid in Lieu or Satisfaction of them or any of them, arising or happening in any of the said Courts last mentioned, from the said Feast of ea/ier in every Year to the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in every Year, shall be certified and estreated into the said Court of Exchequer before the first Day of Eli I ary Term in every Year; (2) on Pain that every such Person and Persons to whom it doth, ought or shall belong or appertain to make Certificate or Estreats of the said Fines or Forfeitures, making Default herein, to forfeit and pay fifty Pounds for every such Default or Failure that shall be made in Certifying and Eftreating as aforesaid; one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons that shall or will see for the same in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, Bill or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clerk and Clerks of the Peace, and all Town clerks and every of them within the Kingdom of England, do and shall make and deliver to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, City or Town Corporate, where the sessions of the Peace is or shall he kept, within twenty Days after the nine and twentieth Day of September in every Year yearly, a true or perfect Estreat or Schedule of all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Sum and Sums of Money and other Forfeitures whatsoever, that are or shall happen to be irrr posed, set, lost or forfeited in any of the said Sessions of th Peace respectively, which shall be held before Michaelmas, by or upon any Person or Persons whatsoever, due to his Majesty;

VIII. And also do and shall yearly and every Year, on or before the second Monday after the Morrow of All Souls, make and deliver into the said Court of Exchequer, a true and perfect Duplicate, Certificate and Estreat of all such Estreats and Schedules so delivered to the respective Sheriffs as aforesaid, That so the respective Sheriffs on their Appofals in the said Court of Exchequer, may be charged with the Moneys levied and received by him or them respectively, upon such Schedules delivered as aforesaid; on Pain that every such Person and Persons offending herein, for every such Default or Failure made, to forfeit and pay fifty Pounds; the one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons that shall or will sue for the same, to be recovered in any Court of Record, by action of Debt, Bill or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer or Minister of or belonging to any of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Bench or Exchequer, nor any Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, Town clerk, nor any Officer or Minister under them, or any of them, nor other Person or Persons whatsoever, do or shall spare, take off, discharge, or wittingly or willingly conceal any Indictment, Fine, Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited, Recognisance or other Forfeiture whatsoever, exhibited, set, imposed, lost or forfeited, or to be exhibited, set, imposed, lost or forfeited in any of the said Courts before mentioned, or before any Judge or Judges of or belonging; to the same, or any Sum or Sums of Money paid or to be paid to any Officer or Officers in Lieu or Satisfaction of any Fine or Forfeiture, unless it be by Rule or Order in Court where such Indictment, Fine, Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited. Recognisance or other Forfeiture, is or shall be exhibited, set, imposed, lost or forfeited; (2) nor shall any of the said Officers or Ministers aforesaid, or any of them, or any other, wittingly or willingly miscertify or estreat in or into the said Court of Exchequer, any Fine; Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited, Recognisance or other Forfeiture whatsoever, whereby the Process of the said Court of Exchequer for the levying of the same may be made invalid and of none effect; (3) but every such Officer and Officers, and all and every other Person and Persons offending herein, shall for every such Oft'ence forfeit and pay treble the Value of such Fine, Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited, Recognisance, Sum and Sums of Money, and other Forfeiture so spared, taken off, discharged, concealed, not certified, or estreated, or miscertified or estreated as aforesaid; one Moiety thereof to the Use and Behoof of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall or will sue for the same in any Court of Record, by action of Debt, Bill or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection shall be allowed; and also shall lose his and their Office and Place, and be for ever incapable to be employed in any Office or Flace where any Part of his Majesty's Revenue is to be managed or paid.

X. And lastly. Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Fine or Fines, Sum or Sums of Money, or other Forfeitures due to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall from henceforth at any Time or Times be paid to any Sheriff, Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer or Minister whatsoever belonging to any Court or Courts, and be according to the Intent and Directions of this act certified and estreated in or into the said Court of Exchequer; there and in such Case the Summons or Process of the Green wax shall go forth and be awarded to the respective Sheriffs against such Officer and Officers, and other Persons to whom such Fine or Fines, Sum or Sums of Money, or other Forfeiture is or shall be so paid, for the levying and receiving of the same, that soit may appear when, to whom, and how such Moneys are received, answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall in any Sort extend, or be construed to extend, to the prejudicing of the Rights and Privileges of any Bodies Politic or Corporate or their Successors, or of any Lord or Lords of any Manor, Liberty, orfran chife whatsoever; anything herein to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

371

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained as ir to the shall extend to or be any ways prejudicial to the Rights, Custonts, Privileges, Liberties, Charter or Chare yof London, ters of the City of London; but that the said City may enjoy the same accordingly, as they formerly have

enjoyed the same, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in the same Manner and Form as they before this Act had enjoyed the same; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue for three Years, Mow Jong to and from thence until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 4 & continue.

5 W. & M. C 24. §. 4.]

CAP. XXIII (t9.)

An Act to revive an Act, intituled, In Act to prevent the Diflurlanecs of Seamen and others, and to preserve E. p the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal, with some Alterations and Additions. Recital of the Act, 9 Car." 2. C 7. made 19 Car. 2. C 7. No Person shall imbezil any of his Majesty's Naval Goods, Victuals, &c. Power to administer an Oath. Penalty. Power to enter any Ship in the daytime, and search for stolen Goods.

No Person hall personate any Seaman, Soldier or Labourer, lac. in the Presence of any' of his Majesty's Commissioners or pay master, in order to the Receiving any Money due to the Seamen, C The pu niftiment. None shall counterfeit the Hands of the Treasurer, cof the Navy; Nor produce a counterfeit Ticket. The Penalty. Power given to administer an Oath. A general Liberty given to execute their Power. But five Shillings to be paid for the Probate of any Will, or granting Letters of administration of the Estate of any Person dying in the Pay of his Majesty's Navy, except the Estate exceed 20 L Penalty. The Act of 22 Car. 2. C 5. confirmed. No Offender against this Act shall be twice punished. shall continue seven Years, C Continued by 4 O' 5 TV. O' M. C 24. §. 8. for seven Yeats, horn February 1692. 11 O 12 jvill. 3. C 13.

CAP. XXIV (16.)

An act for vesting certain fee-farm Rents, and other small Rents in Trustees.

WHEREAS his Majesty, in Pursuance of a late Act, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of 22, Car, i. C 6^ fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, hath by several Letters Patents (one bearing Date the thirteenth Day of June in the two and twentieth Year of his Reign, and the other bearing Date the eleventh Day of November in the two and twentieth Year of his Reign) granted and conveyed diverse fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, unto Francis Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord Knt. Sir William Howard Knt. Sir John Talbot Knt. Sir Robert Steivard Knt. and William Harbord Esq; and their Heirs, as Trustees for Sale thereof, most of which Rents are of the yearly Value of forty Shillings per Annum, and upwards;

II. And whereas there are yet remaining very many small Rents left out of the said Letters Patents, which were intended by the said Act to be sold and conveyed away, the Collection of which small Rents is very chargeable to his Majesty, and very troublesome to the Subject, by Means of Under sheriffs, Bailiffs and Messengers necessarily employed therein; (2) and yet if the said small Rents should be conveyed by Letters Patents to Trustees for Sale thereof, the said Letters Patents would he of extraordinary Length,

and require a Multitude of Recitals of many Small Sums, which besides the Charge in Writing

Dllld

also be an Occasion of great Hindrance and Delay to his Majesty's Service: '(3) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority thereof, That all fee-farm Rents, rents service, rents fcck or dry rents, chnunlry rents, guild rents, castle guard Rents, and other Rents, within the Survey of the Exchequer, or Duchy o t Lane after, due and payable to his ma jtfty, his Heirs and Successors, in Possession, Reversion or Remainder (other than such Rents and Sums of Money as are specially saved and excepted out of the said Act) he and are hereby vested and settled in the fj; d Francis Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir jftuiam Howard, Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Stewart, and William Harbord, and their Pleirs, as fully and absolutely to all Intents and Purposes v.'hatfcever, as if the same had been particularly granted unto them by Letters Patents by Virtue of the said Act, and in such Manner as is hereby directed in that Behalf; (4) and the said Rents hereby vested in the said Trustees, shall be by them conveyed and disposed according to the Directions and Instructions mentioned in the said Act, 'to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall deftre to purchase the same Rents, 'or any of them, upon a Particular or Certificate thereof made by the Auditor or other Officer of Record, before whom the same do or shall stand in Charge respectively, which Conveyance of the said Trustees, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, shall be as good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Rents so conveyed had been particularly, immediately, and well and sufficiently granted by his Majesty under the Great Seal of England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster.

III. And for the better Security and Satisfaction of the Purchasers of any the said Rents; (2) Be it en a|jpur(.jla( e|.sof acted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their fee-farm Rents Heirs, Successors and Assigns, who have already been, or hereafter shall become, Purchaser or Purchasers to be kept harm of any of the said Rents granted by the said recited Letters Patents, or mentioned or intended to be veftedlel"s from all in in or conveyed by these Presents to the said Trustees, shall quietly hold and enjoy the lame, according their several and respective Purchases, and shall he and are hereby saved and indemnified, and kept harmless^/; ..1 e of and from all and all Manner of Encumbrances whatsoever heretofore had, made or done, or hereafter to Such Rents, how be had, made or done, by the said Trustees or any of them, to charge or encumber the said Rents with any tobedclcribedin Encumbrances whatsoever. Deeds and Pleadings,

10 Ann.

IV. Pro 6, 3. §.4.

Bb b 2

T

he Receivers General may receive them till Sale made.

Advantages allowed to purchasers.

22 Car. 2, C 6.

good Evidence in any Court of Justice.

No Tenant in Tail of any of the said Rents, shall suffer any

IV. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of these Presents, That until Sale shall be made of the said several Rents by the Trustees aforementioned, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, That the Receiver or Receivers General of his Majesty's Revenue shall and may receive, collect and gather the same and every Part thereof, as fully to all Intents and purposes as if the said Letters Patents or this present Act had not been made, -

V. And lastly, be it enacted, That all fuels Persons as shall purchase any of the said Rents by Virtue of this Act, shall have and enjoy all the Benefits and Advantages given or allowed to Purchasers by the said former Act; and the showing of the printed Copies of this and the said former Act, and of the convey ance made by the said Trustees, and Enrolled according to the Direction of the said former Act, shall be

The showing of fufjjcient Evidence in any Court of Justice, to entitle the Purchaser and Purchasers, their Heirs and af deedrtuuhe a ns' to any Rent by him, her or them purchased, and contained in such Conveyance, without any further Proof or Evidence in that Behalf.

VI. Provided, That no Tenant in Tail of any the said Rents shall be enabled by this Act to suffer any Recovery or do any other Act or Deed to bar the Remainder, hereby vested in the said Trustees and their Heirs, nor shall such Tenant in Tail have any other or greater Power over the said Rent than he had before the passing of this Act; any Tiling herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

man juuci an

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees and the Survivors and Survivor of them, convey recovery to bar ns ard disposing of the said Rents according to such Contrasts and Agreements as shall be signed by the the Remainder. Lord Treasurer of England and Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's The Trustees Treasury for the Time being, pursuant to the said former or this present Act, and the Heirs, Executors or duly executing Administrators of the said Trustees, shall be for so doing and are hereby freed and discharged against his their Authority, Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever., '

d'a'aintthis31*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. every Pitrchafer of any of the Rents Majely, S: C and Premises by the Intent of this or any former Act sold or appointed to be sold, their Heirs and Assigns, All Purchasers ard all Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, claiming by, from or un may make a ge der such Purchaser or Purchasers, may sue for, make Avowry, Justification or Conuzance, as the Case neral Justifica shall require, for such Rent or e.ents, and Premises, and Arrears thereof, without setting forth how his tion, by saying Majesty or his Progenitors became intituled to such Rents or other the Premises, or setting forth or pro were^iftd^n'08 Cueing Court any Letters Patents or other Matter, whereby such rents or Premises had Commence fen acto mentor the said Letters Patents whereby the Premises were granted or intended to be -- 'granted to the said granted to them. Francis Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harliord, Sir William Howard, Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord\ (2) but it shall be sufficient in every such Suit, Avowry, Conuzance or Justification, where Occasion shall be to set forth the Title of such Purchaser, to declare or allege, that the said Francis Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harlord, Sir William Haivard, Sir John, Talbot, Sir Robert Stewart and William Harborcl, were seized in Fee, or in Demesne as of Fee, of such Rent or Premises, in Possession or re verfton, as the Case requires, and so seized granted the same, liberty given to C IX Whereas many of the Rents vested in the said Trustees by the two Patents herein before men purchase by the tioned, are either misrecited, or not so fully and particularly expressed, as may be reasonably desired by ^b^l^tte fled ' f°me Purchasers (2) Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, Parents the Au an le Survivor an Survivors of them, and the Heirs of such Survivors, shall and may convey the said Rents ditors Certifi or any of them to the respective Purchasers, either by the Words expressed in the said Letters Patents, or cates, or Grants by Particulars to be made out by the respective Auditors, or by the original Grants from the Crown, where from the Crown. in those Rents are reserved, as the said Trustees shall find moll convenient for the Satisfaction of the said A Saving to the Purchasers; Saving unto the queen's Majesty all such Right, Title, Interest, Possession or Estate, as queen's Majesty her Majesty had, should or might have, or of Right ought to have had, in or unto the Rents hereby veiled, of all her or any of them, as fully and amply as her Majesty should or might have had before this present Act, and Rights, C; this Act had never been had or made; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

*6*

CAP. XXV (17.)

C 21. IO.

13 R. 2. Stat. 1

; l H. 7. C 17.

"9 H. 7. C II

2 H. 3. C 8.

3 El

53 El. a3

Who may appoint Garae jceepers.

What such game keepers may seize

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, and for securing Warrens not enclosed, and the several Fishings of this Realm.

WHEREAS diverse disorderly Persons, laying aside their lawful Trades and Employments, Jo be e take themselves to the Healing, taking and killing of Conies, Hares, Pheasants, Partridges and other Game intended to be preserved by former Laws, with Guns, Dogs, Tramels, Lovvbels, Hays and other Nets, Snares, hare pipes and other Engines, to the great Damage of this Realm, and Prejudice of Noblemen, Gentlemen and Lords of Manors and others, Owners of Warrens: '

1 Jac. 1. C 27. 3 Jac. 1. C 13. 13 Car. a. Stat. 1. C 10.

IT. For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Lords of Manors, or other Royalties, not under the Degree of an Esquire, may from henceforth by Writing under their Hands and Seals authorise one or more game keeper or game keepers within their respective Manors or Royalties, who being thereunto so authorised, may take and seize all such Guns, Bows, grey hounds, setting dogs, Lurchers, or other Dogs, to kill Hares or Conies, Ferrets, Tramels, Lowbels, Hays or other Nets, hare pipes, Snares or other Engines, for the taking and killing of Conies, Hares, Pheasants, Partridges or other Game, as within the Precincts of such respective Manors shall be used by any Person or Persons who by this Act are prohibited to keep or use the same: (And moreover, That the said game keeper or game keepers, or any other 4'Persona.

D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo Sc tertio Caroli II C 25. 373

Person or Persons being thereunto authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the same County, Division or Place, may in the daytime search the Houses, out houses or other Power to feaick. Places of any such Person or Persons by this Act prohibited to keep or use the same, as upon good Ground haus shall be suspected to have or keep in his or their Custody any Guns, Bows, Greyhounds, setting dogs,

Ferrets, cony dogs, or other Dogs to destroy Hares or Conies, Plays, Tramels or other Nets, Lotvbels, flare pipes, Snares or other Engines aforesaid, and the same and every or any of them to seize, detain and keep, to and for the Use of the Lord of the Manor or Royalty where the same shall be lb sound or taken, or otherwii eto cut in Pieces or destroy, as Things by this Act prohibited to be kept by Persons of their Degree.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all and every Person and Persons not having Lands and what prrconi<= Tenements, or some other Estate of Inheritance, in his own or his wife's Right, of the clear yearly Va are prohibited; lue of one hundred Pounds per Annum, or for Term of Life, or having Lease or Leases of ninety-nine q ^ee£infof Years, or for any longer Term, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, other than the Co"5' ac" "

and Heir apparent of an Esquire, or other Person of higher Degree, and the Owners and Keepers of; Mod. 307; -. Forests, Park y Chases or Warrens, being flocked with Deer or Conics for their necessary Use, in respect 1 Salk. 212. of the said Forests, Parks, Chases Or Warrens, are hereby declared to be Persons by the Laws of this Realm net allowed to have or keep for themselves, or any other Person or Persons, any Guns, Bows, Greyhounds, setting dogs, Ferrets, Coney dogs, Lurchers, Plays, Nets, Lowbels, hare pipes, Gins, Snares, or other Engines aforesaid; shall be and are hereby prohibited to.have, keep or use trie same.

IV. And forasmuch as diverse Warrens and Grounds not enclosed, are used for the breeding and keep No Person shalk ing of Conies in several Parts of this Kingdom, and that sundry diflblute and disorderly Persons have kill Comes in,

been much encouraged to kill and destroy the Conies In such Warrens and Grounds not enclosed in the not

' nighttime, for that the same is not prohibited or punishable by the Statutes in that Behalf made and pro sur, Ki

vided, which extend only to the Healing and killing of Conies in Warrens or Grounds enclosed (2)

For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time enter, wrongfully into any Warren or Ground lawfully used or kept for the breeding or keeping of Conies (although the same be not enclosed) and there shall chase, take or kill any Conies against the Will of the Owner or Occupier thereof, not having lawful Title or Authority so to do, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted in Manner hereafter following, the Parties so offending shall yield to the Party grieved treble Damages and Costs, and suffer Imprisonment by the Space of three Months and after, till they shall find Forfeiture. Sureties for their good Abearing.

V. And forasmuch as diverse idle and disorderly Persons living near unto Warrens, have of late Time No Person shall: '!

' used to tdke and kill the Conies upon the Borders of the same, and under Colour thereof do oft. time en in the Night ter into the Paid Warrens, and there take and kill Conies in the nighttime, when they cannot eafdy be kill any Conies - discovered (2) It is further provided and enacted, That no Person or Persons shall at any Time here after kill or take in the nighttime, any Conies upon the Borders of any Warrens, or other Grounds law except iheowner — fully used for the breeding or keeping of Conies; excepting only such Person or Persons as. shall be Owner of the Ground, of the Soil, or lawful Occupier or pofteffor of the Ground, or any Person or Persons employed by him, her or them, whereupon such Conies shall be so killed or taken; (3) upon Pain that every Person so of the penalty sending and being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner hereafter following, shall give the Party or Parties injured such Recompence or Satisfaction for his or their Damages, and within such Time, as shall be appointed by the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, and over and above pay down presently urit6 the Overseers for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, such Sum of Money not exceeding ten Shillings, as the said Justice shall think meet: (4) And if such Offender or Offenders do not make Recompertce or Satisfaction to the said Party or Parties injured, and also pay the said Sum to the Poor in Manner and Form aforesaid, then the said Justice shall commit the said Of imprlfomren V sender or Offenders to the House of Correction for such Time as the said Justice shall think fit, not exceeding one Month.

VI. And whereas diverse idle and disorderly Persons have of late Time taken up a Practice to take and No ppr( on^C kill Hares and Conies with Snares, flare pipes and other Engines, in or near Woods, Warrens or other kill, orfet Snares - Places) It is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or for Hares, arc. Persons from and after the first Day of May which shall be. in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six. hundred seventy and one, shall be found or apprehended setting or using any Snares, hare pipes or other like Engines, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner following; the Person or Persons so offending shall The Penalty, be liable to the Penalties in the immediate foregoing Clause of this Act in Manner as aforesaid.

CVII. And whereas diverse idle, disorderly and mean Persons do from Time to Time betake themselves to No person shall the Healing, taking and killing of Fish out of Ponds, Pools, Motes, Stews and other several Waters and fish in the Pond Rivers, to the great Damage of the Owners thereof) Be it therefore further enacted by the Autho of any Person rity aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons from and after the first Day of May which Aral] be in the withoutluscon" Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred seventy and one, shall at any Time use any cahing net, o'^thwen ines thief net, drag net, Tramel, shove net or other Net whatsoever, or any Angle, Hair, Noose, Troll or urn V i, 43.5, Spear, or shall lay any Wears, Pots, Nets, fish hooks or other Engines, or shall take any Fish by any '

Means or Device whatsoever, in any River, Stew, Pond, Mote or other Water as aforesaid, or shall be aiding or affifiing thereunto, without the Licence or Consent of the Lord or Owner of the said Water, and be thereof, or of any other the Offence or Offences mentioned in this Act, convict by Confection of the Offender or by Oath of one furncient Witness within one Month after the Offence committed, before any Justice of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Offence as aforesaid shall he committed, which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby empowered to administer: such Offender or Offenders in Healing, taking or killing Fish, shall for every such Offence give to the Party or Parties injured, such Recompense or Satisfaction for his or their Damages, and within such Time, as the said Justice

The Penalty,

To be levied by Distress.

Justice of the Peace may cut the Nets, C

The Party grieved may ap

shall appoint, not exceeding treble Damages; (3) and over and above, paydown presently unto the Overseers for the Use of the Poor where the Paid Offence shall be committed, such Sum of Money not exceeding ten Shillings, as the said Justice hall think meet: (4.) And in Default of Payment as aforesaid, the same to be levied by Diffrrcfs and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such justice before whom the Offender shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus if any be; (5) and for want of Distress the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction for such Time as the Justice hall think fit, not exceeding one Month; unless the Party offending hall enter into Bond with One competent Surety or Sureties to the Party injured, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, never to offend in like Manner.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Justice of Peace before whom such Offender as aforesaid shall be convict, to take, cut in Pieces and destroy all and every such Angles, Spears, Hairs, Noofes, Trolls, Wears, Pots, fish hooks, Nets or other Engines whatsoever, wherewith such offender as aforesaid shall be taken or apprehended.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement which hall happen to be given by any Justice

telseflions^" " CC Peace by Virtue of this at, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons so aggrieved, to lt e ions. eppcal unto the Justices of Peace in their General Quarter sessions which shall happen to be held next after such Judgement given: Who or the greater Number of them are hereby authorised and empowered to give such Relief and make such Order therein, as shall be agreeable to the Tenor of this Act; (z) and such Judgement, Order or Determination, as by the said Justices shall be made upon the said Appeal, 'shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, if no Title to any Land, Royalty or Fishery be therein concerned.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act nor anything therein contained hall extend or he construed to extend to the taking away or abridging of any Royalty or Prerogative Royal of his Majesty, nor to abridge, change cr alter any Part of the forest Laws of this Realm, but all and

and foreltlaws, every such Laws, Rights, Powers, Royalties and Prerogatives p.oyal, shall remain and be in as ample Force and Virtue, as the same ought to have been in, if this act had not been made; herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Game, Gt 5 W. & M. C 23. 5 ar.r. C la, 9 Ann. C 23. 3 Geo. I. C 11. 8 Geo. I. r 19. 10 Geo. 2. c. 32.. ami is Geo. 2. C iz.

CAP. XXVI (is.)

1

A Saving of all Royalties and Prerogatives to his Majesty,

full and anything

An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England,

T rack.

and for Regulating the Plantation

Husbandry.

7 2 Car. a. C lycar. 2 C

34-

Justices of the Peace are to command all Constabks, C to m ike a Return to them

WHEREAS the Sowing, Setting, Planting and Curing of Tobacco within diverse Parts of the Kingdom of England doth contiaue and increase, to the apparent Loss of Iris majesty's Customs, 1 and the Discouragement of his Majesty's Plantations in America, and great Prejudice of the trade and Navigation of this Realm, and the Vent of its Commodities thither, notwithstanding an Act of parlia r ment made in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign that now is, for the Prevention thereof, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Planting, Selling or Solving of Tobacco in England and Ireland; and also one other Act of this present Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An Atl ' for the Encouragement of Trade:

II. And forasmuch as the Remedies and Provisions by those Laws are found not large enough to obviate and prevent the Planting thereof; '(2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and one, all Justices of the Peace within their ofwhsttobacco several Limits and jurisdj&ions shall and do, a Month before every General Quarter sessions to be holden is planted, and for their respective Counties, issue forth their Warrants to all High Constables, Petry Constables and upon whole Tithingmep. within their several Limits, thereby requiring the said High Constables, Petty Constables and Tithingmen and every of them to make diligent Search and Inquisition, what Tobacco is then sown, set, planted, growing, curing, cured or made, within their several and respective Limits and Jurisdictions, and by whom; and to make a true and lawful Presentment in Writing upon Oath, at the next General qiiar ter sessions to be holden for such County, of the Names of all such Persons as have sown, set, planted, cured or made any Tobacco, and what the full Quantity of Land is or was sown, fetor planted therewith, and who are the immediate Tenant or Tenants, or present Occupiers of the Land so sown, fetor planted, ' who are and sir all be deemed Planters thereof to all Intents and Purposes.

viaclipr: sent III Which said Presentment upon Oath shall be received and filed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said meat, being County in open Sessions, and after such Receipt and Filing shall be a sufficient Conviction in Law to all filej, zliah be a intents and Purposes of all such Persons as shall be so presented for the sowing, setting, planting, improving to grow, making or curing Tobacco, either in Seed, Plant, Leaf or otherwise, contrary to the said re iica°n' cited Acts or either of them; unless such Person or Persons so presented (having Notice given to him or

Notice imhah them of such Presentment made, 'by the Delivery of a Copy of such Presentment to him or them, or by leaving a Copy of such Presentment at his or their dwelling house or Houses, or usual Place of Abode, in the Presence of one or more credible Witnesses, ten Days at the lead before the next Quarter sessions) shall at the Quarter sessions next after such Notice shall be given to him or them traverse such Presentment, and find sufficient Sureties for the prosecuting and trying such Traverse, at the Quarter sessions to be holden for the said County next after such Traverse shall be entered or made.

S travelled.

A.D. 1670. Anno vicesimo secundo & tertio Caroli II C 26. 375

IV. And it is hereby farther enacted, That all Constables, Tithingmrn, Bailiffs and other public Of power given to fleers, shall and do within their respective Jurisdictions, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion Hiall °*cers< require, within fourteen Days after Warrant from two or more of the Justices of the Peace within such "!]he County, Town, City or Place, to them, calling to their Assistance such Person or Persons as they and every pianij CI one of them shall find convenient and necessary, pluck up, burn, consume, tear in Pieces, and utterly destroy

all Tobacco seed, Plant, Leaf, planted, fov/ed or growing in any Field, Earth or Ground.

V. And if any such Tobacco shall be suffered or permitted to grow, or be confirmed in Seed, Plant or tv Penaliv of Leaf, in any Township, Tithing, Parish, Hamlet or Place, by the Space of fourteen Days after the Receipt Officer wklio of inch Warrant or Warrants, by the said Constables, Tithingmen, Bailiffs, or other public Officers of !nr t, icir p"'y the respective Townships, Tithings, Parishes or Hamlets as aforesaid; then such Constables, Tithingmen.

Bailiffs, or other public Officers respectively, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum, t of five Shillings for every Rod, Perch or Pole of Ground so let, planted or sowed with Tobacco, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity of Ground; the one More y thereof to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to aid The Penalty fir or assist (being thereunto required) any Constable, Bailiff or other public Officer, in the due Execution of rrf nnc t iifot this Act, That every such Person or Persons for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof made before t, le offictt! two Justices of the Peace of the said County where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay

the Sum of five Shillings, to be levied by Warrant from the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods; and in case no Distress can be found, then every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain for the Space of one Week, without Bail or Mainprise.

VII. And if any Person or Persons. whatsoever shall forcibly resist any Constable, Bailiff, or other pub The Forfeiture lick Officer, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, in the due Execution of this Act, That then every for refining the such Person for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof made before two Justices of the Peace of the °cers

said County where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied by Warrant from the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods; and in Case no Distress can be found, then every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit or Infor The Officer, n mation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in any Action Pursuance or Execution of this Act, or either of the recited Acts, such Person or Persons fb sued in any

Court whatsoever, shall or may plead the General Blue, Not guilty, and upon any Blue joined, may give Not Guffi 1>lcjd this Act, or the said recited Acts, or either of them, and the special Matter, in Evidence: (z) And if the t Plaintiff" or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or fuffet Discontinuance, or if pftfor hini, a Verdict shall pass against him, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover their Costs, for which they shall lie soul recover have the like Remedy, as in case where Costs are given by Law to the Defendants. double Costs.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall A Saving for

extend to the Hindering of the Planting of Tobocco in any Physic Garden of either University, or in any Tobuccoplanted other private Garden for Physic or Chirurgery only, so as the Quantity so planted exceed not one Half of l"'k

one Pole, in any one Place or Garden.

X. And whereas by one Act of Parliament in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled,

' An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, It is declared, That inasmuch as his Majesty's Plantations beyond 15 Car. C 7,

' the Seas are inhabited with his Subjects of England, for the Maintaining a better Correspondency betwixt e them, and keeping them in a firmer Dependance upon it, and rendering them yet more beneficial and ad

unto it, in the further Employment and Increase of English Shipping and Seamen, Vent of

Woollen and other Manufactures, rendering the Navigation to and from the same more safe and cheap,

and making this Kingdom a Staple, not only of the Commodities of those Plantations, but also of the

Commodities of other Countries, for the Supplying them (it being the Usage of other Nations to keep

their Plantation trades to themselves); (2) It was therefore enacted, That no Goods or Commodities of Europe shall be carried into any the Plantations of Afa, Africa or America, but what shall bona fide be laden and hipped in England, and in english buwt Ships, or Ships made free, and navigated with Eng ' lish, according to an Act of Parliament on that Behalf: (3) And that no Officer of the Customs in England or Wales shall give any Warrant, or suffer any Sugar, Tobacco, and other Plantation Goods therein particularly named, to be carried into any other Country or Place whatsoever, until they have been first bona fide unladen in England, as by the said Act doth more at large appear.

XI. notwithstanding which, some Persons taking Advantage of the not mentioning the Repealing of the Word Ireland, in one Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

1 intituled, An Act for the Encouraging and Increase of Shipping and Navigation; where Bonds are directed 1 Car, C tsv to be taken for all Ships that shall lade any Sugar, or other Commodities therein particularly mentioned,?

' in any of the said Plantations, That the same Commodities shall be by the said Ship brought to some Port of England, Ireland, Wales, or Town or Port of Berwick, and shall there unlode, and put the same? on Shore, the said Persons having either refused to give Bond for the Return of their Ships in such case to England, Wales, or Town or Port of Berwick only, or having given such Bonds, have nevertheless gone with their Ships to Ireland, by which Means (although this Kingdom hath, and doth daily suffer ' a great Prejudice by the Transporting great Number of the People thereof to the said Plantations, for the Peopling of them) yet that the Trade of them would thereby in a great Measure be diverted from

hence, and carried elsewhere, his Majesty's Customs and other Revenues much lefl ened, and this King

not continue a Staple of the said Commodities of the said Plantations, nor that Vent for the Future

of the Victual and other native Commodities of this Kingdom; '(2) Be it therefore enacted, and it is

hereby

The woh Tre hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Word Ireland, shall from and after the twenty fourtf land shall be left jay of j[/[gy n year Of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy orc, be left out of all such

Bonds which shall be taken for any Ship or Vessel which shall set sail out of or from England, Ireland. talcen for any Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tvjccd, for any English Plantation in America, Asia and Africa; (3) and Sh: pthatfii i!lfet that in Case the said Ship or Vessel shall lode any of the said Commodities at any of the said English Plan

out of all Bonds that shall be

sail out of or from England, jieund, Wales, i: Scc. for any English Plantation in Ame -- rica, C

5.13. 8 Ann.

C 13. §.£3

forfeiture.

'Th? Qnvernovs of the American Plantations to return yearly to the uftom honfe, a i irt of all Ships loading the rein.

How long to continue.

11 & 1 a W. 3.

T the Parliament begun at Westmi

Tl is the " fourth Day of February, in the Form rediiions*11

by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, CY and there continued by several Prorogations, to the twentieth Day of October, Anno 25 Car.»'

2,

tations, That the said Commodities shall be by the said Ship or Vessel brought to some Port of England ivalcs, or to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall there unlode and put orl Shore the same (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) and in like Manner for all Ships coming from any other Port or Place to any of the aforesaid Plantations, who by the aforesaid Act for Encouraging and Increase of Shipping are permitted to trade there: (4) That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand iix hundred seventy and one, the Governor of such English Plantations shall, What Bonds the before such Ship or Vessel be permitted to lode on Board any of the said Commodities, take Bond in Man governors of the ner and to the Value mentioned and airedled in the abovementioned Act for the Encouraging and Increase engltfliplanta of Shipping and Navigation, for each respective Ship or Vessel, That such Ship or vessel shall carry all

; e lice "the aforesaid Goods that be laden on Board in the said Ship, to some other of his Majesty's English) Planta

Provi. tions, or to England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed: (5) And that every such Ship or Vessel tonnes relating to which from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand such Bonds, 7 & six hundred seventy and one, shall lode or take on Board any of the said Commodities, until such Bond S w. 3. C 2z. given to fuci Governor, or Certificate produced front the Officers of some customhouse of England, Fates, or of the Town of Berwick, that such Bond hath been there duly given, or which contrary to the Tenor of such Bond shall carry the said Goods to any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port or Place whatsoever, other than to such other English Plantations, as do belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, or to the Kingdom of England, Principality of ivales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and there lay the same on Shore; that every such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, ammunition, Furniture and Lading; the one Moiety to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall seize and sue for the same in any of the said Plantations, in the Court of the High Admiral of England, or of any of his Vice admirals, or in any Court of

Record in England, wherein no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XII. And whereas many Complaints have been made of Shipping and Vessels belonging to some of his Majesty's Colonies in America, that contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this and other afore mentioned Laws, they have brought and transported the said Commodities to diverse Parts of Europe, and there unloded the same (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governors, or their Commanders in Chief, of his Majesty's respective Plantations, do once a Year at least make a Return to his Majesty's Officers of his Customs in the Port of London, or to such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall appoint to receive the same, a List of all such Ships or Vessels as shall lade any of the said com '3f they lialhm modifies in such Plantations respectively, as also a List of all the Bonds taken by them: (3) And in case Jadeany Sugars, at1y Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Plantations, which shall have on Board her any Sugars, ^f.nla'v^v'c Tobacco, Cotton wool, Indicoes, Ginger, Eustick or other Dying wood, shall be found to have un th^forfeituve.' Lded in any Port or Place of Europe, other than England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: That such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, Eurniture and Lading, to be recovered and divided as aforesaid.

"Where to be

XIII. And that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, to prosecute such Ship or Vessel trrofecuted.; n any Court of Admiralty in England, the one Moiety of the Forfeiture in case of Condemnation, to be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Prosecutor or Prosecutors thereof.

Tangier Hull net

XIV. And lastly it is hereby enabled, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Tangier le taken to be a {]la|l not ]yc Jecrned or taken to be a Plantation to his Majesty belonging in Acts, Africa or America, within 3nxsa{l, 'Vlt' 'le Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any of the afore mentioned Acts, so as to enjoy any Right, Privilege or Benefit of Trading, to or from the said Plantations, or any of them; any Law, Abl, Usage or Declaration to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force for nine Years, and from

thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Continued by 5 Geo. 1. C n. §. 19.

f(? long as the 12 Car. 2. C 4. shall continue.]

Farther Provisiotts cotuierningtobaceo) I Jac. 2. C 4. 7 8 IV 3. C 10. 10 & 11 TV, 3. C zt. % Ann. C 9. 6 Ann. C z2. S ait, C 13. jz Ann. flat. 2.

<» 8, 1 Geo. 1. c. 46. 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. 6 Geo. i.e.zi, 9 Geo. i.e.zi, j 2. Geo. 1. c. 26 £? 2, 3. zigc^.z. c.z. Z Geo. 2. c. 4j. ami 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Anglise, Scotia?, Francia? & Hibernia?,

vicesimo quinto.

infer the eighth Day of May, Anno Dorn, one thousand six hundred sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Jleign of our most_gracious Sovereign Loni Charles,

A.D. 1672. Anno vicesimo quinto Caroli II

C 1,

2.

377

CAP. T.

An Act for raising the Sum of twelve hundred thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, for Supply of his Majesty's extraordinary Occasions.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

FOR preventing Dangers which may happen From Popish Recusants, and quieting the Minds of his l.ntw. ion majesty's good Subjects; (2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the 5 Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament 7 Jacc 6> assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Person, as well Peers as Com All rerfoir, that moners, that shall bear any Office or Offices Civil or Military, or shall receive any Pay, Salary, See or War any Wages, by Reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majesty, or shall have Command or Place of Trull from Or under his Majesty, or from any of his Majesty's Predecessors, or by his or their Authority, or by his Majetiv Authority derived from him or them, within the Realm of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of muli ifke the Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty's Navy, or in the several Blands of Jersey and Guernsey, or shall be Oaths of also of the Housholdj or in the Service or Employment of his Majesty, or of his Royal Highness the Duke of guncc and Sn tork, who shall inhabit, reftde or be within the City of London or Westminster, or within thirty Miles distant fhc"foflowin' from the same, on the first Day of Eastsr Term that shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand six him quj)5 C 3 dred seventy three; or at any Time during the said Term, all and every the Paid Person and Persons shall V 13. 240. personally appear before the End of the said Term, or of Trinity Term next following, in his Majesty's when and where High Court of Chancery, 'or in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and there in public and open Court, to appear nj

between the Hours of 1 ine of the Clock and [Twelve. in the Forenoon, take the several Oaths of Supre nialte Oath,

macy and Allegiance (which Oath of Allegiance is contained in the Statute made in the third Year of King James) by Law established; (3) and during the Time of the taking thereof by the said Person and Persons, all Pleas and Proceedings in the said respective Courts shall cease; and that all and every of the said thisaflextoml

respective Persons and Officers, not having taken the said Oaths in the said respective Courts aforesaid, J

shall on or before the first Day of August one thousand six hundred seventy three, at the quarterrsessions C jg, for that County or Place where he or they shall be, inhabit or reside on the twentieth Day of May, take To receive the the said Oaths in open Court between the said Hours of Nine and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon; Sacrament ac

(5) and the said respective Officers aforesaid shall also receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, accord cording to th ing to the Usage of the Church of England, 'at or before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy three, in some Parish Church, upon some lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, immediately after Divine Service and Sermon. j, ct,

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every person or Persons that shall [a A

be admitted, entered, placed.' or taken into any Office. or.offices Civil or Military, or shall receive any Pay, a, y o.hcc, Sx. Salary, See or Wages, by Reason of any Patent or Grant of his Majesty, or shall have Command or Place after tiic/inlday of Trust from or under his Majesty, 'his Heirs or Successors, or by his or their Authority, or by A'tithb <lf Easter term, rity derived from him or them, within, this Realm of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Ber q, '!., 1"' f, '.d

wick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty's Navy, or in the several Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or that shall r, .'e i n., ^2l be admitted into any Service or Employment in his Majesty's or Royal highness's Household or Family, c.-51. §. 9. after the first Day of ea/lcr Term aforesaid, and shall inhabit, be or reside, when he or they is or are sot '.miivw 47s. admitted or placed, within the Cities A london or Westminster, or within thirty Miles of the same, shall y 9' take the said Oaths aforesaid in the said respective Court or Courts aforesaid, in the next Term after such Vh - T n, "/' his or their Admittance or Admittances into the Office or Offices, Employment or Employments aforesaid, |jrl.) to fix'" between the Hours aforesaid., and no other, and the Proceedings to cease as aforesaid; and that all and Month, C o.'every such Person or Persons to be admitted after the said first Day of Easter Term as aforesaid, not having = C 6, taken the said Oaths in the said Courts aforesaid, shall at the Quarter sessions for that County or Place'7'"'; 'g'0"1

where he or thpv boll rpfldp. npvt nltpr ftirh ll i; a.tinittonpp nr A U mi t to none intn omr nf t!, p loir! rpfnpi'o hp' '

every such

Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, within three Months after Ills or their Admit n be tah m.

t.iflcc in or receiving their laid Authority and Employment, in some public Church, upon some lord's Day, Fres slrtll° commonly called Sunday, immediately after Divine Service and Sermon. quarter seflioiw.

Explained by 1 Geo. 2. Stat. 2. C 23. §. 6, Caithew 320.

TII. And every of the said Persons in the respective Court where he takes the said Oaths shall first deliver a Certificate of such his receiving the said Sacrament as aforesaid, under the Hands of the respective mini fter and Churchwarden, and shall then make Proof of the truth thereof by two credible Witnessbs at the leaf!, upon Oath; all which shall be inquired of, and put upon Record in the respective Courts.

IV. and. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person or Persons aforesaid, that do or shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths and Sacrament in the said Courts and Places, and at the respective Times aforesaid, shall be ipso facto adjudged uncapable and disabled in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to have, occupy or enjoy the said Office or Offices, Employment or Employments, or any Part of them, or any Matter or Thing aforesaid, or any Profit or Advantage appertaining to them or any of them; (z) and every such Office and Place, Employment and Employments stir.ll be void, and is hereby adjudged void.

Vol. III C C C V And

A Certificate to bedcliveied into Court of his Receiving the Sacrament. whosoe ver shall refuse to lake the Oaths shall be ajudfled uncapable of any other cfkce.

C 2.

8

N i Person shall execute any Office, after Relofal to take the Oaths.

The Penalty, j Lutw. 159, 162.

shall not prosecute any Suit inlaw orejuity, or be Guardian to any Child, or Executor, Sic. The Forfeiture.

The Names of p rfons takirg the Oaths, where to be jegillied.

The Fees allowed.

Upon diietender made lo the Courts, they are to administer the Oaths.

No Person not bred up in the Popirti Religion by his Parents shall breed of or fhfrer his Children 10 be bred up in the po pish Religion. The Penalty.

At the Taking of the Oaths to subscribe th e Declaration following.

C 2. Anno vicesimo quinto Carol 1 If. A.D. 1672.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Person or Persons that shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths or the Sacrament as aforesaid, within the Times, and in the Places aforesaid, and in the Manner aforesaid, and yet after such Neglect or Refusal shall execute any of the Paid Office's or imployments after the said Times expired, wherein he or they ought to have taken the same, and being thereupon lawfully convicted, in or upon any Information, Presentinent o Indictment, in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, or at the Assizes, every such Person and Persons shall be disabled from thenceforth to sue or ue any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in Course of Law, or to prosecute any Suit in any Court of Equity, or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor or Administrator of any Person, or capable of any Legacy or Deed of Gift, or to bear any Office within this Realm of England, Dominion of Jf'nks, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, (z) and shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them that shill sue for the same, to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall lie.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all and Angular such Persons and Officers aforesaid, That do or shall take the Oaths aforesaid, shall be in the respective Courts of Chancery and King's Bench and the Quarter sessions inrolled, with the Day and Time of their taking the same, in Rolls made and kept only for that Intent and Purpose, and for no other; (2) the which Rolls, as for the Court of Chancery, shall be publicly hung up in the Office of the petty bag, and the Roll for the King's Bench in the Crown office of the said Court, and in some public Place in every quarter sessions, and there remain during the whole Term, every Term, and during the whole Time of the said sessions, in every quarter sessions, for every one to resort to and look upon without Fee or Reward; (3) and likewise non; of the Person or Persons aforesaid shall give or pay as any Fee or Reward to any Officer or Officers belonging to any of the Courts as aforesaid, above the Sum of twelve pence for his or their Entry of his or their taking of the said Oaths aforesaid.

VII. and further. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts aforesaid, to give and administer the said Oaths aforesaid to the Person or Persons aforesaid, in Manner as aforesaid, and upon the due Tender of any such Person or Persons to take the said Oaths, the said Courts are hereby required and enjoined to administer the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not bred up by his or their Parent or Parents from their Infancy in the Popish Religion, and professing themselves to be Popish Recusants, shall breed up, instruct or educate his or their Child or Children, or suffer them to be instructed or educated in the Popish Religion, every such Person being thereof convicted, shall be from thenceforth disabled of bearing any Office or Place of Trust or Profit in Church or State: (2) And all such Children as shall be so brought up, instructed or educated, are and shall be hereby disabled of bearing any such Office or Place of Trust or Profit, until he and they shall be perfectly reconciled and converted to the Church of England, and ball take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance aforesaid before the Justices of the Peace in the open Quarter sessions of the County or Place where they shall inhabit, and thereupon receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper after the Usage of the Church of England, and obtain a Certificate thereof under the Hands of two or more of the said Justices of the Peace.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the same Time when the Persons concerned in this Act shall take the aforesaid Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, they shall likewise make and subscribe this Declaration following, under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as. by this Act is appointed;

A Remitter to be kept of the Subscription.

This A not to extend to Peerage.

Or creation money.

Import, Pensions, cor

Offices of Inheritance.

Or to make void ny penhon granted to any Person instru roental in l're serving the King at Worcester,

popish Officers who have Offices of Inheritance, muftappoint Deputies who must take the Oaths, C

the declaration. < (2) T Jl, R, do declare, That I do believe that there is not any Transubstantiation in the Sacrament of ' JL the lord's Supper, or in the Elements of Bread and Wine, at or after the Consecration thereof by any Person whatsoever.'

X Of which Subscription there shall be the like Register kept, as of the taking the Oaths aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend, be judged or interpreted any ways to hurt or prejudice the Peerage of any Peer of this Realm, or to take away any Right, rower, Privilege or Profit, which any Person (being a Peer of this Realm) hath or ought to enjoy by Reason of his Peerage, either in Time of Parliament or otherwise; or to take away creation money or Bills of Import, nor to take away or make void any Pension or Salary granted by his Majesty to any Person for valuable and sufficient Consideration for Life, Lives or Years, other than such as relate to any Office, or to any Place of Trust under his Majesty, and other than Pensions of Bounty or voluntary Pensions; nor to take away or make void any Estate of Inheritance granted by his Majesty, or any his Predecessors, to any Person or Persons of or in any Lands, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments, not being Offices; (4) nor to take away or make void any Pension or Salary already granted by his Majesty to any Person who was instrumental in the happy Preservation of his sacred Majesty after the Battle at jvorccjhr in the Year one thousand six hundred fifty-one, until his Majesty's Arrival beyond the Seas; (5) nor to take away or make void the Grant of any Office or Offices of Inheritance, or any Fee, Salary or Reward for executing such Office or Offices, or thereto any Way belonging, granted by his Majesty or any his Predecessors, to, or enjoyed, or which hereafter shall be enjoyed by, any Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oaths, or either of them, or to receive the Sacrament, or to subscribe the Declaration mentioned in this Act, in Manner therein expressed: Nevertheless so as such Person or Persons having of enjoying any such Office or Offices of Inheritance, do or shall substitute and appoint his or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies (which such Officer or Officers respectively are hereby empowered from Time to Time to make or change, any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding) to exercise the said Office or Offices, until such Time as the Person or Persons having such Office or Offices shall voluntarily in the

Court

A.D. 1672. Anno vicesimo quinto Caroli II

C 3, 4*

379

Court of Chancery, before the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the Time being, or in the Court of King's Bench, take the said Oaths, and receive the Sacrament according to Law, and subscribe the said Declaration, and so as all and every the Deputy and Deputies so as aforesaid to be appointed, take the said Oaths, receive the Sacrament, and subscribe the said Declaration from Time to Time, as they shall happen to be so appointed, in Manner as by this Act such Officers whose Deputies they be, are appointed to do; and so as such Deputies be from Time to Time approved of by the King's Majesty under his Privy Signet: (7) But that all and every the Peers of this Realm shall have, hold and enjoy what is provided for as aforesaid, and all and every other Person or Persons before mentioned, denoted or intended within this Proviso, shall have, hold and enjoy what is provided for as aforesaid, notwithstanding any Incapacity or Disability mentioned in this Add.

XII. Provided also, That the said Peers and every of them may take the said Oaths, and make the said Subscription, and deliver the said Certificates, before the Peers sitting in Parliament, if the Parliament be sitting Within the Time limited for doing thereof, and in the Intervals of Parliament in the High Court of Chancery, in which respective Courts all the said Proceedings are to be recorded in Manner aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, That no married Woman, or Person under the Age of eighteen Years, or being beyond or upon the Seas, or found by the lawful Oaths of twelve Men to be Non compos mentis, and so being and remaining at the End of Trinity Term in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy three, having any Office, shall by Virtue of this Act lose or forfeit any such his or her Office (other than such married Woman during the Life of her Kufband only) for any Neglect or Refusal of taking the Oaths, and doing the other Things required by this Act to be done by Persons having Offices, so, as such respective Persons within four Months after the Death of the Husband, coming to the Age 01 eighteen Years, returning into this Kingdom, and becoming of sound Mind, shall respectively take the said Oaths, and perform all other Things in Manner as by this Act is appointed for Persons to do, who shall happen to have any Office or Offices to them given or fallen after the End of the said Trinity Term.

XIV. Provided also, That any Person who by his or her Neglect or Refusal, according to this Act, snail lose or forfeit any Office, may be capable by a new Grant of the said Office, or of any other, and to have and hold the same again, such Person taking the said Oaths, and doing all other Things required by this Act, so as such Office be not granted to, and actually enjoyed by, some other Person at the Time of the Regranting thereof.

XV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to make any Forfeiture, Disability, or Incapacity in, by, or upon any Non commission Officer or Officers in his Majesty's Navy, if such Officer or Officers shall only subscribe the Declaration therein required, in Manner as the same is directed.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice George Earl of Brijlo/, or Anne Countess of Bristol his Wife, in the Pension or Pensions granted to them by Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and nine, being in Lieu of a just Debt due to the said Earl from his Majesty, particularly expressed in the said Patent,

XVII. Provided also, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the Office of any High Constable, Petty Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, Overseer of the Poor, churchwardens, Surveyor of the Highways, or any like inferior Civil Office, or to any Office of Forester, or Keeper of any Park, Chase, Warren, or Game, or of Bailiff of any Manor or Lands, or to any like private Offices, or to any Person or Persons having only any the before mencioned, or any the like Offices.

Officers. See farther JO Anne, 2. 12 Ann, sat, j. C 11. 5 Geo. I. C 4. and 16

And subser'b:

The rvers m?/ rake the Oath?, Sec. in Parliament.

A Saving for marnefl Women, Si C

Any Person forfeiting h: s Office by Virtue hereof, may upon ta king of the Oaths, See, be capable of a new Grant thereof. Not to extend to non commission officers in the Navy, if they subscribe the Declaration. A Saving for the Pensions granted to the Harl of Bristol and his Lady. Not to extend to Conflarle*, Tithingmen, churchwardens, See.

Or private gio, 2. C 30.

CAP. III.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to make Leases of his Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall. What EXP. Leases shall be made of Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, and how. An Exception to entire near 2" Honours, Lordships, or Manors. For what Terms or Times. Not difpunishable of Waste. Ancient st u'2'c' Rent leferved. Where no Rent was payable, then a reasonable Pent. All Covenants in the Leases shall hind. A Saving of the Rights of ail Persons, except the Right of the King, the Duke of Cornwall, and those who shall be Dukes.

CAP. IV.

An Act for Repeal of a Clause in a former Acb to prohibit Salesmen from selling sat

Cattle.

WHEREAS by an Act made this present Parliament, intituled An ASTO prevent Frauds in the n&ajcsr. s. Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield and elsewhere, (amongst other Things) It is enacted, That C 19. 2.

' no Jobber, Salesman, or other Broker or Factor, who do or shall commonly buy or sell cattle.for others,

' be allowed or employed either for buying or selling any Fat Cattle, other than Swine or Calves, by or for any Butcher or other Person or Persons whatsoever, within fourfeore Miies of the Cities of London and Westminster, upon Pain of the Forfeiture of the Value of the said Cattle so bought or sold by him or them as aforesaid, to be paid by the Owner of such Cattle; (z) and upon further Pain, That all and every 1 Person and Persons taking upon him or them to use or exercise the said Employment of a Jobber or b10- ker, or of a Salesman or Factor, for the buying and selling of Cattle contrary to the said Act, shall for feit for every such Offence the Value of all such Cattle so bought or sold, or exposed to Sale, by him or them as aforesaid; (3) but for that the said Clause in the said Act contained, is feund by Experience

C C C z'ta

38o

C C 6.

Anno vicesimo quinto Caroli II. A.D. 1672.

Part of the Act made 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 19. {5, 2. repealed.

' to be very prejudicial to the Sale of the Cattle of this Realm, and a great Inconvenience and Discourage nient to those that feed the said Cattle in their respective Counties, who by Reason thereof are forced to make Journeys up in their owri Persons to London, or to fynd others purposeiy for that Employment, which commonly taketh up and wasteth all or the greatest Part of the Profit or Gain that they make of their said Cattle) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause, and all and singular Penalties in the said Act relating thereunto, so far forth as the same do or may any Ways concern Salesmen or Factors employed by Feeders or Farmers, but not as the same do concern Salesmen or Factors employed by Butchers, Jobbers or Brokers, shall be and do Hand repealed, and be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes' whatsoever. 7 Ann. C 6.

CAP. V.

An Act for the King's majesty's moll Gracious, General, and Free Pardon.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act for taking off Aliens Duty upon Commodities of the Growth, Product, and Mann

fasture of the Nation.

II. H. 7. C 14.

for the enforce nsent of this Act see 1 Ann. Stat. 1. C 13.

6.

>3 Car. 2. Stat. i. C 7

11 Car. 2. C 4. §.2.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the eleventh Year of King Henry the Seventh it is enacted, That all Merchant strangers, and others that be made Denizens by the King's Letters Patents, on otherwise, shall pay such Culioms and Subsidies for their Goods and Merchandise inwards and outwards, as they should have paid if such Letters Patents had never to them been made; (2) and whereas by one other Statute made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, inis Car. 2. C 4.' ' tituled, A Subsidy granted to the Jung of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes Exported and Imported, and afterwards confirmed by an Act of parliament made in the thirteenth Year of his said majesty's feignit is enabled, That every Merchant, >tatural born Subject, Denizen and Alien, shall pay the Sum of twelve Pence for all manner of Goods, or Merchandise to be carried out. of this Realm or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandise, amounting to the Value of twenty Shillings according to the Book of Rates, where to Reference is made by the said Statute; 3) and that every Merchant alien shall pay the Sum of twelve Pence over and above the twelve Pence aforesaid, for all Manner of the Native Commodities of this Realm, or Manufactures wrought of any such Native Commodities, of the Value of twenty Shillings, to be. carried out of this Realm by such Metchants aliens;

(4) and whereas by another Clause of the said Statute of the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign that, now is, it is enabled, That all Strangers and Aliens shall pay six. Shillings and eight Pence per Piece for every Short Cloth to be carried out of this Realm by such. Strangers or Aliens; (5) and whereas by the twelfth Article of Rules, Orders, Directions and Allowances annexed to the said Book of Rates, it is re 1 C cited, ordered and directed, That Merchant strangers should pay double Petty custom for Lead, Tin, Woollen Cloth, and for Native Manufactures of Wool or Part of Wool, and for all other Goods, as well inwards as outwards, rated to pay the Subsidy of Poundage, three Pence in the Pound, and other Duties payable by Charta Mercatoria, besides the Subsidy (6) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent ma jeily, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this Part of the Gid present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such 'Clauses only of Statutes of the said Statutes of the eleventh Year of Henry the Seventh, and of the twelfth Year of our Sovereign Lord 11 H. 7. C 14. the King that now is, and of the said twelfth Article of Rules, Orders, Directions and Allowances, and of lz Ca, r' C. 4" Charta Mercatoria therein mentioned, and all other Clauses contained in any other Act or Statutes of this sgcti.vis. ream whatsoever, as do any ways concern any Custom or Subsidy upon any of the Native Commodities of this Kingdom, (except Coals) or Manufactures wrought or made in this Kingdom, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to be' exported out of this Realm, payable by any Merchant alien made Denizen, or other Stranger or Alien, over and above the Custom and Subsidy payable by his Majesty's natural born - Subjects, and no more, be hereby repealed.

"'and^uuns* 1 fr the further Explanation hereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from

ftiiipaynomore ?n 3 fter the first Day of May which shall be in the Year one thousand six hundred and seventy three, every for the native such Merchant, Denizen, Stranger or Alien, shall pay for all Merchandise confiding of any the Native Commodities of Commodities of this Realm (except Coals) or Manufactures wrought or made in the Kingdom of England, tii; snauon, tlvdn or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to be carried out of this Realm by such any Merchant, Denizen, Stranger lurafbornsub1" or a hcni such Customs and Subsidies only, and no other or greater, than Merchants being the King's Na. jests: Except fur tural born Subjects do by Virtue of the said Statute of the twelfth Year of his Majesty that now is pay Coals, or manu for any Merchandise of the Native Commodities of this Realm, (except Coals) or Manufactures wrought fastures wrought or made in this Kingdom or Town of Bcnvick upon Tweed, to be exported out of this realm by such Nam this kingdom tural born Subjects; any Lav, ', Custom or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

or, r V^And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May

'for" which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and three, every Merchant, f. 01' Denizen or Alien shall pay for all Sorts of Fish caught by Englljlomen, and exported in English Shipping, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners shall be English, such Customs and Sub -- cohcifiikgctif {i(jies only and no greater or other than Merchants being Natives of this Realm do pay for the same. - con tc"h hf salt u tinned by 2 Will. Ec Mar. C 4. §. 3. 1 Ann. St. 1. C 13. §. 2.9 Ann. C 6. §. 2. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

2 IV & M. flat.

r. 4. 4 f 3 V & C 5 Sf 15. 6 JV. gf M. C i. 6 Sf 7 IK 3, C 7. jgta.i. c.n. & 31.9 Geo. 1. c 21. 11 Geo. I. C 7 & 30. 32 Geo. 1. c. 28. 1 Geo. 2. Jhu. 2. C 17.

Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 3. 2$ Geo. 2. c. 21, 3. Geo. 2. C is 29, 32 Geo. 2. C io,

6 Geo. 1. c. 21. 7 Geo. r. fiat. 1. C 21. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15, 18,

9 Geo. 2. c. 35. 15 go 2. C 51. 1sgv0. 2. C 28. 19

A.D. 1672. Anno vicesimo quinto Caroli If.

C 7. 381

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland Trades, and for the better Securing the Plantation trade.

' quite decayed and lost; For Remedy thereof and Encouragement of such as shall be willing to employ tlsem selves and their Estates in this Trade; '(2) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lora's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for all his Majesty's Liberty given to Subjects of this his Realm of England, and Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed., and for every other ?11 Hortons to Person or Persons of what Nation soever residing and; inhabiting here, during the Time of such their Rest trade into deuce, freely to Trade into and from Greenland and those Seas, and there to take Whales and all other Sorts ort^n1

of Fish, and to import into this Kingdom all Sorts of Oil, Blubber and Sins thereof, and to use and exercise all other Trade to and from Greenland and those Parts. (3,) And for the further Encouraging of the said Trade, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Person or.persons, Native or Foreigner, to import Train oil or Blubber of Greenland and Parts adjacent, and those Seas, or of Newfoundland, or of any other his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, made of Fish or of any other Creature living in the Seas, and whale fins caught in any Ships or Vessels truly and properly belonging to England or Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and imported in such Ships, without paying any Custom or Wi'bmit paying other Duty for the same; (4) and for the Tonne of such Oil taken by any Shipping belonging to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, and imported in such Shipping, there shall be paid the Sun: of six Shil geddsbrout ht in lings; (5) and for evervton.of whale fins taken and imported in such Shipping, the sum of fifty Shil lvanyengjifhor

lings; (6) and for the Tonne of such Oil taken by the said Shipping but imported in Shipping belonging to ^tlii Vessel.

of three Shillings; (7) and for every Tonne 'jby anxsh'p"

England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tivded, the Sum of whale fins taken and imported in such Shipping, the Sum

of five; and twenty Shillings; (3) and the Tonne of all such Oil and Blubber of Foreign Fishing, the Sum of nine Pounds; (9) and for every Tonne or Plantations, of whale sins of Foreign Fishing, the Sum of eighteen Pounds, and no more. (toy And in regard there then the several are at present great want of Harpiniers and Seamen (killed and exercised in the Trade of whale fishing; Ratesmentioned (r 1) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vef J fel truly belonging to England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the Master shall t'o hawon'e" bean Englishrman and inhabiting within the Places aforesaid, from and after the first Day of May which Mojcty of har shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and three, and until the five and twen Fc, ni<tfs, and one tieth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and three, !vf'ety n En employed for the Catching of Whales, during such Voyage to be Navigated with one Moiety of the mar piniers and one Moiety of the rest of the Mariners only English, and yet to pay no further or other Cu Wh the ftom for the Oil, Blubber or Sins, caught and imported in such Ship or Vessel, than if such Ship or Vessel same Privilege had been Navigated with three Fourths of the mariners english); any Lav, Statute or Usage to the contrary^before, in any wise notwithstanding. ... 4 & 5 W.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no English built fnethirl inmliiv Ship or other Ship or Vessel belonging to England, Wales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, importing ibsufficient.'° Whale, Oil or Blubber, or other Fish, Oil or whale sins of Greenland or those Seas, shall enjoy any Be phe Enylish nefit or Privilege by this Act, unless such Ship or Vessel did proceed on her Voyage to Greenland and those built Ship,

Seas, from England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and was Victualled for the said Voyage which is to in some of those Places, to be attested by the Collector of the Port where the said Ship or Vessel was Vic?aveft*16 bee tualled; (2) ' And whereas by one Act passed in this present Parliament in the twelfth Year of your Map" sceed '

Laws from England

' jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, and by several other passed since that Time, it is permitted to ship, carry, convey and transport Sugar, Tobacco, cotton to Greenland.

' Wool, Indico, Ginger, Fuftiek and all other Dying wood of the Growth, Production and Manufacture Car, a. C is. ' of any of your majesty's Plantations in America; Asia or Africa, from the Places of their Growth, Pro

' and Manufacture, to any other of your majesty's Plantations in those Parts, (Tangier only excepted) and that without paying of Custom for the same, either at the Lading or ltnkiding of the said Commodities, by Means whereof the Trade and Navigation in those Commodities, from one Plantation to another is greatly increased; (3) and the Inhabitants of diverse of those Colonies, not contenting them selves with being supplied with those Commodities for their own Use, free from all Customs, (while the Subjects of this your Kingdom of England have paid great Customs and Impositions for what of them hath '

/ been spent here) but contrary to the express Letter of the aforesaid Laws, have brought into, diverse Parts of Europe great Quantities thereof, and do also daily Vend great Quantities thereof, to the Shipping of other Nations who bring them into diverse Parts of Europe, to the great Hurt and Diminution of your majesty's Customs, and of the Trade and Navigation of this your Kingdom; '(4) For the Prevention XI s 4a ex, thereof. We your majesty's Commons in Parliament assembled, do pray that it may be enacted; and be it tended by 3 & enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Ann. C 5. §. and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That, z from and after the first Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ' R; ce "nd seventy and three, If any Ship or Vessel which by Law may Trade in any of your majesty's Plantations, mdafftswd shall come to any of them to Ship and take on Board any of the aforesaid Commodities, and that Bond Cepper Ore. shall not be first given with one sufficient Surety to bring the same to England or Wales, or the Town of Explained by

Berwick'*'

C 8.

r. 2.2. 8.

Bon! to! e jrivrn to biing, a: L Goods of the American Plantations to "England.

And Suits on such Bonds tc strained by 8 Ann. C 13.

-3'

The Rates for the Customs to b' paid.

[Penalty.]

The Duty to be levied by the Commissioners of the Customs in England.

By 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C 12. § If the par'y shall not have ready Money, then the com m'fli ners to take a Proportion of the Commodities.

It shall be free fora L Persons to trade to Sweden, Denmaik and Norway.

Ary Person Subject of this Realm shall be admitted into the Eastland Company, paying for his Admittance 4.0 s.

is'car. 2. C 5.

Bow long to continue.

Where the Moneys collected lipon the Act 18 Car. 2. C ij. >*cre to be paid,

Anno vicesimo quinto Caroli II A.D. 1672.

bervack upon Tweed, and to no other Place, and there to unload and put the same on Shore, (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) That there flail bs answered and paid to your Majesty, your Heirs and successors, for so much of the said Commodities as shall be Laded and put on Board such Ship or Vessel, these following Rates or Duties: That is to say, for Sugar White, the Hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, five Shillings; and Brown Sugar and Muscovadoes, the Hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Shilling and sixpence; (5) for Tobacco, the Pound one Penny; for Cotton wool, the Pound one halfpenny; for Indico, the Pound twopence; for Ginger, the hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Shilling'; (6) for Logwood, the hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, five Pounds; for Fustick and all other Dying wood, the hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, sixpence: And also for every Pound ofcocoa nu's, one Penny; (7) to be levied, collected and paid at such Places and to such Collectors and other Officers as shall be appointed in the respective Plantations to collect, levy and receive the same, before the Lading thereof, and under such Penalties both to the Officers and upon the Goods, as for nonpayment of or defrauding his Majesty of his Customs in England.

III. And for the better Collection of the several Rates and Duties aforesaid imposed by this act, Be it enacted, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this whole Business shall be ordered and managed, and the several Duties hereby imposed shall be caused to be levied by the Commissioners of the Customs in England now and for the Time being, by and under the Authority and Directions of the Lord Treasurer of England or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

4. Money arising by this A to be paid ioto the Exchequer, CIV

And in case any Person or Persons liable by this Law to pay any of the Duties aforementioned., flail not have Moneys wherewith to answer and pay the same, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers appointed to collecc the same, flail accept instead of such Moneys such a Proportion of the Commodities to be shipped, as flail amount to the Value thereof, according to the current Rate of the said Commodities in such Plantation respectively.

V - And for Encouragement of the Eastland 1 rade, Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person and Persons, Native or Foreigner, from and after the first Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and three, at all Times to have free Liberty to Trade into and from Sweden, Denmark and Norway; anything in the Charter of the Governor, Assistants and Fellowship of Merchants of Eastland, or any other Charter, Grant, act, or anything else heretofore made or done, or hereafter to be done, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons, Subjects

of this Realm, flail desire to be admitted into the said Fellowship of Merchants of Eastland, That every such Person flail he admitted into the said Fellowship, paying for his Admission the Sum of forty Shillings, and no more. [Continued by 2 Will. & Mar. C 4. §. 3, 4. 1 Ann. C 13. §. 2.9 Ann. C 6.

§. 2. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.] Farther Provisons relating to the Plantations, 7 O' 8 TV. 3. C 22. it IV 3. C 12.

3 & 4 Ann. C 5 O ic. 6 Ann. C 30 hi 37. 8 Ann. C 13.9 Ann. f. 17 fcf 27. 10 Ann. C 22 O 26.

4- Geo. 1. c. 11. 8 Geo. 1. c. 12 O 15. 13 Geo. 1. c. 5. 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 28. 4 Geo. 2. c. 1 & 5 Geo. 2. c. 7

O 9. 6 Geo. 2. c. 1 & 8 Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 O 33. 24 Geo. 2. C C 1 O CI

29 Geo. 2. c. 5 O 35. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coinage.

Forasmuch as great Advantage hath accrued to this Kingdom, by one Act of this present Parliament, ' If passed in the eighteenth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Coinage, for that very great Quantities of Gold and Silver have been brought into this Realm, and con verted into the current Coins thereof, by reason of the Encouragement given thereto by the said Act; (2)

' and whereas the said Act was to continue until the twentieth of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and one, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next fol lowing and no longer, so as that unless the said Act be now renewed, the Encouragement given thereby to Coinage will cease, and this Kingdom be deprived for the future of so great a good as it hath thereby for these V ears 1 aft past enjoyed: '1 \ e therefore your majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjefh, do humbly pray that it may be enacted; (;,) and be it enactedj^y the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, now in Parliament afiem bled, and by the Authority of the same, 7 hat the said Act shall continue and be in Force for the Space of seven Years, to commence from and after the Determination of this present Session of this Parliament, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer. [Continued for seven Years from the first of March one thousand seven hundred fortyfive, and to the End of the first Session of Parliament, by 19 Geo. 2. c. 14.

II. Provided always, That whereas by the said Act it is enacted, That the Moneys levied, collected and paid by Virtue thereof, should be levied, collected and paid at the respective customhouses, to the Collectors and other Officers of the Customs for the Time being, and be by them respectively paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, whereby each of the said Collectors are obliged to pass a distinct Account in the Exchequer, for the Moneys received by them by Virtue of the said Acts, although the Sums received by many of them are very small and inconsiderable, and yet no Allowance to be made unto them for the doing thereof:

III. For

A.D. 1672. Anno vicesimo quinto Caroli II C 9. 383

III. For the avoiding of this unnecessary Trouble and Inconvenience to the said Collectors; (2) Be rt To whom enabled, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such Time as the Customs shall Moneys cciicttc LI be in Collection under the Management of Commissioners, the Moneys collected, levied and paid by Virtue "i50"

of this act, shall be levied, collected and paid to such Officers as do or shall from Time to Time collect stal and receive the Customs in the respective Sorts, upon the Commodities charged by this act, and shall be by them respectively answered and paid to the receiver-general of the Customs now and for the Time being, whose Acquittance shall be to them and every of them a sufficient Discharge for the Moneys by them paid to him, and a Certificate by them obtained yearly or oftener, from the Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs now and for the Time being, with the Allowance of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them, of their having so paid all the Moneys by them received, shall be to them and every of them a Duictus, and free them from all other Accounts or Trouble for the same. Quietus

IV. And in Case the Customs shall be Fanned, that the Moneys levied, collected and paid by Virtue of this act, during such Time, shall he collected, levied and paid in the respective Sorts, to such Persons as shah be appointed by the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to levy, collect and receive the same, and be by them paid to such Personas shall be in like Manner appointed to receive the said Moneys from them, whole Acquittance shall be to them and every of them a sufficient Discharge for the Moneys by them paid to him y and a Certificate by them obtained yearly or oftener, from such Person or Persons as shall be in like Manner appointed to give such Certificate of their having so paid all the Moneys by them received, shall be to them and every of them a Quietus, and free them from all other Ac Quietus., counts or Trouble for the said Moneys; anything in the Paid Act for the Encouragement of Coinage, or

any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys to be levied, collected' 2nd To he paid ?.r paid by Virtue of this aftfliaube levied, collected and paid at the Importation of the Commodities charg the Importation ed thereby, and that over and above all other Duties and Sums of Moneys charged and payable upon the vft!, = conuro same, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as for nonpayment of or Defrauding his Majesty of his

Customs upon the said Commodities.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys collected in the re the Money to

spective Ports by Virtue of this act shall be by the respective Officers who shall collect the same, distin be bi' guished and kept apart from all other Moneys by them collected upon the same Commodities, or upon any pal, r'

other Commodity or Merchandise whatsoever, and shall be by them respectively so answered and paid monl'>' monthly at ieaft from the Officers of the Port of London, and quarterly at least from the Officers of the Out ports, to the receiver-general of the Customs for the Time being; and when there shall be no such.

receiver-general, to such other Personas shall be appointed as aforesaid, to receive the same from them r

(2} And that such receiver-general or other Person, who shall receive the said Moneys from the Officers of the respective Ports, shall also keep the same difiinct from, all other Moneys whatsoever, and so pay the same once in every Month at the least into the Receipt of the Exchequer, there also. to be kept distinct and apart from all other monies.ar.ifing by the Customs, or by any other Way or Revenue whatsoever.

And lastly, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement of the respect j^ed'to the

tive Officers before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury officers for col for the Time being, to allow unto them out of the Moneys arising by this Act for the Services above men lifting it., tioned, such Salaries and Allowances as to them shall seem meet and reasonable, so as that the said Salaries Farther frmf and Allowances do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of twelve Fence in the Pound of the Moneys CCL rc, M'" S lcfted by this Act.

WM. C 24. 32 W, 3. C 11. 4 Ann. C 22. 7 Ann, C 24. 1 Geo. 1. flat, 2, C 43.9 Geo. 1. c. 39, 12 Geo. 2. c. 5. I Geo. 2. c. 14, 27 Geos

2. C 11,

CAP. IX.

An Act to enable the County Palatine of Durham to send Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the County Palatine of Durham have not hitherto had the Liberty.

and Privilege of electing and sending any Knights and Burgesses to the High Court of Parliament,

although the Inhabitants of the said County Palatine are liable to all Payments, Rates and Subsidies grant ed by Parliament, equally with the Inhabitants of other Counties, Cities and Boroughs in this Kingdom, who have their Knights and Burgesses in the Parliament, and are therefore concerned equally with others.

the Inhabitants of this Kingdom, to have Knights and Burgesses in the said High Court of Parliament of.

their own election, to represent the Condition of their County, as the Inhabitants of other Counties,

Cities and Boroughs of this Kingdom have; '(2) Wherefore may it please your Majesty, that maybe enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. by the Authority of the same, That from Time to Time, and at all Times from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, the said County Palatine of Durham may have two Knights for the same County, The County pa and the City of Durham two Citizens to be Burgesses for the same City, for ever hereafter to serve in the latino of Dur high Court of Parliament; (3) to be elected and chosen by Virtue of your majesty's Writ, to be awarded hanj 1 "two by the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, in that Behalf, ^c'ci'r'\fldnr to the Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Temporal Chancellor of the said County of Durham, and a Precept to haem twov be thereupon grounded and made by the Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Temporal Chancellor for the time Burgesses to being, to the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being; (4) and the same Election from Time 1 to Parliament. Time to be made in Manner and Form following, that is to say, the Elections of the Knights to serve for How the the said County Palatine from Time to Time hereafter to be made by the greater Number of Freeholders to e'

of "*

3s4 C t o. .'anno viceiim'o quinto giro't.i II A. d. 1672.

of the said County Palatine of Durham, which from Time to Time shall be present at fu ch Elections, accordingly as is used in other Counties in this your majesty's Kingdom; (5) and that the Election of the said Burgesses from Time to time to serve in the High Court of Parliament for the City of Durham, to be made from Time to Time by the major Part of the Mayor, Aldermen and Freemen of the said City of Durham, ', which from Time to Time shall, be present at such Elections;. (6) which said Knights and.bur, To be returned gelfes and every of them, so elected.or chosen, shall be returned by the said Sheriff into the Chancery of fej the Sheriff. England, in due Form, and upon the like pains.as be ordained for the Sheriff or Sheriffs of any other County of this Kingdom to make his or their Returns in like Cases; (7) and that the said Knights and burr gefi es and every of them, so elected and returned, shall be by Authority of this present Act Knights and Burgesses of the High Court of Parliament, to all Intents and Purposes, and have and use the like Voice, Authority and Places therein, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other the Knights and burgesses of the said High Court of Parliament have, use and enjoy, and likewise shall and may, by Virtue of this present Act, take, have, use, and enjoy, all such; and the like Liberties, Advantages, Dignities and Privileges concerning the said Court of Parliament, to all Intents; Constructions and Purposes, as any other the Knights and burgelfe.s of the said Pligh Court of Parliament have taken, had, used or enjoyed, or shall, may dr ought hereafter to haye, take or enjoy.

CAP. X

19 Car, 2. C 2. An Act for reviving the Judicature for Determination of Differences touching Houses burnt down and de 22car. 2. C 11.. molished by Reason of the late Fire which happened in London, and for rebuilding of the Navy office.

The Judicature for Determination of Differences occasioned by the Fire, continued until February 2;, 1675. the king's Surveyor shall have. Power to set out so much Ground near the Navy office lately burnt, as shall be commodious for it. Satisfaction shall be made for the same Ground. The Lord Mayor to impanel a Jury. Conclusive againjft the Owners. If any Controversy shall arise between any Person concerning the Dividend of the Money for the Ground, then it is referred to the Court of Judicature to determine. Power given to the Court of Judicature to determine Differences between Landlord and Tenant, concerning Houses demolished in scething lane.

EXP.

1

Anno Regni Caroli XL Regis Ariglias, Scotias, Francis? & Hibernia?,

j! 1 vicesimo septimo*

( T the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth Day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand six hun t ytl drei sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our moil: gracious Sovereign Lord Charles, t X ji. by ..be Grace of God', of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, t &c. and there continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of October one thousand six hundred.seventy frye.' '

p r, An act for the better and mere easy Rebuilding the Town of Northampton. A Court of Record constituted.

How to proceed, and what to determine between Landlord and Tenant, &c. Defalcation or apportioning of Rent. Bodies Politic. Definitive Order to be final. Power to make a Decree to charge, &c. an Efrate, or to order a new or longer Estate to be made, notwithstanding Infancy, Coverture, &c. Infants, e(ac. Bishops, -- (At. Corporations To make Rules and Directions in the Forms and Orders of Buildings. To enlarge or alter Streets, Lanes, Roads and Passages. To treat and "compound for Ground to be used for those Purposes. In Case of Rerufal or Disability by Infancy, &c. then to impanel a Jury.

1 o.make Alterations in the Foundations, if they see Cause. Satisfaction to be awarded. A Jury to be impanelled in Case of disability. A Proviso not to takeaway any Ground, but only for enlargement.of the Streets. The corner house taken away. Several other Houses to be taken away. If any Person shall riot build within three Years, then the Court to dispose of the Ground to such Personas will build. Satisfaction' to be m dc to the Proprietor of the Soil.'In Case of Refusal a Jury to be impanelled. All ploufes to be covered with Lead, Slate or Tile. Perilous Trades prohibited. Penalty. To appeal from an Order made by Iefs than ("even of the Judges. A Review of the Decree". Costs. All Judgments and Decrees shall be good both in Law and Equity. There shall lie no Writ of Error or Certiorari. A re gifler book for the Orders to be kept by the Mayor. All Justices of the County that inhabit in the Town, shall be Justices in the Town. Any Person that shall build a House worth 3c0l. to have thereby his Freedom. All Persons that execute any Power by this act to take an Oath. To plead the General Blue.

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis, Angliae, Scotia?, Franciae Sc Hibernia?,

vicesimo nono.

' AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth Day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand six hun ' h dr ed sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles, C X JY by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

*. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the fifteenth of February one thousand six hundred. jx,u'ity six, '

.; a.

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II

C 1 — 3. 385

Cap. 1.

An Act for raising the Sum of five hundred cightv four thousand nine hundred seveniy eight Pounds two Shillings and twopence flalf penny, for the speedy building thirty Ships of War.

EXP.

CAP. II

An Act for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for three Years.

CAP. III.

An act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.

1 Roll Air. 24.

' |7 O R Prevention of many fraudulent Practises, which are commonly endeavoured to be upheld by Peril id jury and Subornation of Pe: jury(z) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day, Lfv^of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and seven, all Leases, pa, 0l leaf s and Lllates, Interests of Freehold, or Terms of Years, or any uncertain Interest of, in, to or out of any Mef imeieftof Free -- fuages, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, made or created by Livery and Seisin only, or by hold shall have Parol, and not put in Writing, and signed by the Parties so making or creating the same, or their Agents 'bceorceof thereunto lawfully authorised by Writing, shall have the Force and Effect of Leases or eft ales at Will only, on']jrtjs at 1 and hall not either in Law or Equity be deemed or taken to have any other or greater Force or effect; any Consideration for making any such Parol Leases or Estates, or any former Law or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Except nevertheless all Leases not exceeding the Term of three Years from the making thereof, Except Leases

whereupon the Rent reserved to the Landlord, during such Term, hull amount unto two third Parts at the notevceeding lead; of the full improved Value of the Thing demised. three t cars, C

III. And moreover. That no Leases, Estates or Interests, either of Freehold, or Terms of Years, or No Leases or

any uncertain Interest, not being Copyhold or customary Interest, of, in, to or out of any Messuages, Majestates of free nors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, final] at any Time after the said four and twentieth Day or Rr

June be assigned, granted or surrendered, unless it be by Deed or Note in Writing, signed by the Party so Aid by Word, assigning, granting or surrendring the same, or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorised by Writing, or

by Act and Operation of Law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid four and twen Promifcssnd tieth Day of June no Action shall be brought whereby to charge any Executor or Administrator upon any Agreements by special Promise, to answer Damages out of his own Estate; (z) or whereby to charge the Defendant upon '

any special Promise to answer for the Debt, Default or Miscarriages of another Person; or to charge Shower 16. any Person upon any Agreement made upon confijeration of Marriage; (4) or upon any Contrast or Sale 1ft1>r43* ol Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest in or concerning the m; (5) or upon any Agree J, vent ifii ment that is not to be performed within the Space of one Year from the making thereof; (6) unless the n'Agreement upon which such Action shall he brought, or some Memorandum or Note thereof, shall be in 3 Lev. 6-, (6. Writing, and figr.ed by the Party to be charged therewith, or some other Person thereunto by him lawfully 1 Salk. 2s0. authorized.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid four and twentieth

Day ofjune all Devites and Bequests of any Lands or Tenements, devisable either by Force of the Stap, al, Vi'reded

tute of Wills, or by this Statute, or by Force of the Custom of Kent, or the Custom of any Borough, or by three or four

any other particular Custom, shall be in Writing, and signed by the Party so deviling the same, or by some witness.

other Person in his Presence and by his sxpress Directions, and shall be attested and subscribed in the Pre 3 Lev. s6.

fence of the Paid Devtfor by three or four credible Witnesses, or eife they shall be utterly void and of none < rtt rcwji;, 514. Effect

VI. And moreover. No Devise in Writing of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, nor any Clause the same

ill bare ble.

Co.

f.tme be Burnt, Cancelled, 'i'orn Or Obliterated by the testator, or his Directions, in Manner aforesaid, or unless the same be altered by some other Will or Codicil in Writing, or other Writing of the Devisor signed in the Presence of three or four Witnesses, declaring the same; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. A[, d_cjarat; rns

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twen or Creations Vf tieth D II of June all Declarations or Creations of Trusts or Confidences of any Lands, Tenements or He Tmtlsshall be

rediraments, shall he manifested and proved hv some Writing signed by the Party who is by Law enabled in Writing, to declare Inch Pruft, or by his 1 a It Will in Writing, or else they shall he utterly void and of none Effect, Explained ( Viil. Provided always, i'iiat where any Conveyance shall lie made of any Lands or Tenements by?'j"n' c'1

n T 1-11 ft Cr n full

which a Trull or Confidence shall or may arise or rtfnlt by the Implication or Construction of Law, transferred or extinguished by an Act or Operation of Law, then and in every such Case such Trust or can side nee hail be of tile like Force and Effect as the same would have been if this Statute had not been made; extinsuift u anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

or be

Trusts anlinf, or ished by Implication of Law, are excepted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Grants and Alignments of any Trust or Confidence shall like afilg.iments of ife be in Writing, signed by the Party granting or assigning the same, or by such Laift Will or Devise, or dba

lie ball likp wi fr hp nr erlv vni'h'and nf none fifpft in Writing.

elie hall likewise be utterly void 'and of none elseft Vol. III D d d

X. And Kead 2 Vent.

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli If

C

A.D. 1676.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of 'june it shall and may be lawful for every Sheriff or other Officer to whom any Writ or Precept is or sit ail be directed, at the Suit of any Person or Persons, of, for and upon any Judgement, Statute or Recognisance hereafter to be made or had, to do, make and deliver Execution unto the Party in that Behalf filing, of all such Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Tithes, Rents and Hereditaments, as any other Person or Persons be in any Manner of wife seized or possess'cd, or hereafter shall be seized or possessed, in Trust for him against whom Execution is so sued, like as the Sheriff or other Officer might or ought to have done, if the said Party against whom Execution hereafter shall be so sued, had been seized of such Lands, Tenements, rc&ories, Tithes, Rents or other Hereditaments of such Estate as they be seized of in Trust for him at the Time of the said Execution sued; (2) which Lands, Tenements, Reflories, Tithes, Rents and other Hereditaments, by Force and Virtue of such Execution, shall accordingly be held and enjoyed freed and discharged from all Encumbrances of such person or Persons as shall be so seized or possessed in Trust for the Person against whom such Execution shall he sued; (3) and if any Crjiuy que Trust hereafter shall die, leaving a Trull in fec simple to depend to his Heir, there and in every such Case such Trust shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be, Assets by Descent, and the Pleir shall be liable to and charge

Hands of Heirs, able with the Obligation of his Ancestors for and by reason of such Assets, as fully and amply as he might " vcln.2jis. or ought to have been, if the Estate in Lav had depended to him in Possession in like Manner as the Trust depended; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That no Heir that shall become chargeable by reason of any, Estate or Trust made, Assets in his Hands by this Law, shall by reason of any kind of Plea or Confession of the Action, or fufrer ing Judgement by Nient dedirc, or any other Matter, be chargeable to pay the Condemnation out of his own Estate; (2) but Execution shall be sued of the whole Estate so made Assets in his Hands by Descent, in whose Hands soever it shall come.after the Writ purchased. the same Manner as it is to be at and by the common-law, where the Heir at Law. pleading a true Plea, Judgement is prayed against him thereupon;, anything in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And for the Amendment of the Law in the Particulars following; (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth any Estate pur outer vie shall be devisable by a Will in Writing, signed by the Party so dcvifing the same, or by some other Person in his Presence and by his express Directions, attested and subscribed in the Presence of the Devisor by three or more Witnesses; and if

And shall be Af no such Devise thereof be made, the same shall be chargeable in the Hands of the Heir, if it shall come to ftts in the heir's him by reason of a special Occupancy, as Assets by Descent, as ill Case of Lands in fee simple; (4,) and in Case there be no special Occupant thereof, it shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Party that

inn Ac.

lull he l.able U the juiig inurts, &c. of Cefiuy quetiuft,

An 1 held free firm the Encumbrances of the Perfois f. ifed in ti uft, Tiuft ildi be Aiieis in the

No Heir shall by Reason fheieof become chargeable of his own Estate.

Estates pur auter vie shall be devisable.

1 igeo< z. C 20,

Hand.

And where there tp, e Estate thereof by Virtue of the Grant, and shall be Assets in their Hands.

is no special Oc, A, 7., r, .., T.

cupanr, hall £0 to the Executors.

Carthew 376. s.salk. 464.

2 Vern. 719. C 307*

'I lie Day of '

Signing any Judgement shall be entered on the Margin of the Roll.

This CL a u f;

extends to Counties palatine.by S Geo. 1. And such Judgments as against:

Purchasers shall relate to such Time only.

Writs of Execution shall bind the Proper ty of

XIII. And whereas it hath been found mischievous, that Judgments in the King's Courts at Westminster, ' do many Times relate to the first Day of the 'Perm whereof they are entered, or to the Day of the Return 6 of the Original, or Filing the Bail, and bind the Defendants Lands from that Time, although in Truth they were acknowledged or fuft ered and signed in the vacation time after the said Term, whereby many Times Purchasers find themselves aggrieved XIV Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, any Judge or Officer of any of his Majesty's Courts of lveftminjlei\ that shall flgn any Judgments, shall at the signing of the same, without Fee for doing the same, let down the Day of the Month and Year of his so doing, upon the Paper Book, Docket or Record which he shall flgn; which Day of the Month and Year shall be also entered upon the Margin of the Roll of the Record where the said Judgement shall be entered.

C a;. §. 6.

XV. And be it enacted, That such Judgments as against Purchasers bona fide for valuable Consideration of Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments to be charged thereby, shall in Consideration of Law be Judgments only from such Time as they shall be so signed, and shall not relate to the first Day of the Term whereof they are entered, or the Day of the Return of the Original or Filing the Bail; any Law, Usage or Course of any Court to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June no Writ of Fieri facias or other Writ of Execution shall bind the Property of the Goods

Goods but from against whom such Writ of Execution is sued forth, but from the Time that such Writ shall be delivered the time of their to the Sheriff, Undersheriff or Coroners, to be executed: And for the better Manifestation of the said Time, the Sheriff, Undersheriff and Coroners, their Deputies and Agents, shall upon the Receipt of any such Writ, (without See for doing the same) enderfe upon the Back thereof the Day of the Month or Year whereon he or they received the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June no Contract for the Sale of any Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, for the Price of ten Pounds Sterling or upwards, shall be allowed to be good, except the Buyer shall accept Part of the Goods so sold, and actually receive the same, or give something in earned to bind the Bargain, or in Part of Payment, or that some Note or Memorandum in Writing of the said Bargain be made and signed by the Parties to be charged by such Contrail!, or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorised.

the'da'of t

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Day of the Month and Year of Enrolment of the Enrolment of the Recognizances shall be let down in the Margin of the Roli where the said Recogni recogn?2anres shall be set down and Lands in the

Hands of i'ur corltrary n any wjfe notwithstanding.

from that Time '

XIX. And for Prevention of fraudulent Practises in setting up Nuncupative Wills, which have been only. 3 <' th

Delivery to the Officer.

1 Salk. 320. Carthew 4 rg,

1 Mod. iss.

2 Keb. 257. Contrails for Sales of Goods for ten Pounds or more. Thuan. Hlft. lib. 39. §23.

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II

C 4, 5* 387

' the Occasion of much Perjury (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Nuncupative aforesaid four and twentieth Day of June no Nuncupative Will 111 a 11 be good, where the E flute thereby le

questhed shall exceed the Value of thirty Pounds, that is not proved by the Oaths of three witness es (at

the lead) that were present at the Making thereof; (3) nor unlel's it be proved that the Testator at the Explained ty

Time of pronouncing the same, did bid the Persons present, or some of them, bear Witness, that such was + An', c. 161

his Will, or to that essc£l; (4) nor unless such Nuncupative Will were made in the Time of the last hickness of the Deceased, and in the House of his or her Habitation or Dwelling, or where he or fire hath been Resident for the Space of ten Days or more next before the making of such Will, except where such Person was surprised or taken Tick, being from his own Home, and died before he returned to the Place of his or her Dwelling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That after six Months pa fled after the speaking of the pretended te stamentary Words, no Testimony shall be received to prove any Will Nuncupative, except the said testi money, or the Substance thereof, were committed to Writing within six Day's after the making of the said Will.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Letters Teflamentary or Probate of any nuncupative Will shall pass the Seal of any Court, till fourteen Days at the lead after the Decease of the Testator be fully expired; (2) nor shall any Nuncupative Will be at any Time received to be proved, unless Process have first blued to call in the Widow, or next of Kindred to the Deceased, to the End they may contell the lame, if they please.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Will in Writing concerning any Goods or Chattels, or Personal Estate, shall be repealed, nor shall any Clause, Devise or Bequest therein, be altered or changed by any Words, or Will by Word of Mouth only, except the same be in the Life of the Testator committed to Writing, and after the Writing thereof read unto the Testator, and allowed by him, and proved to be so done by three Witnesses at the lead.

XXIII. Provided always, That notwithstanding this al, any Soldier being in actual Military Service, or any Mariner or Seaman being at Sea, may dispose of his Movables, Wages and Personal Estate, as he or they might have done before tie making of this at

And it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend to alter or change the jurisdiction or Right of Probate of Wills concerning Personal Estates, but that the Prerogative Court of the arch bishop of Canterbury, and other Ecclesiastical Courts, and other Courts having Right to the Probate of such Wills, shall retain the same Right and Power as they had before, in every respect; subject nevertheless to the Rules and Directions of this act

XXV. And for the explaining one at of this present Parliament, intituled An act for the better settling of Intestates Estates; (2) Be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said Act, nor anything therein contained, shall becondrued to extend to the Estates of Feme Coverts that shall die Intestate, but that their Husbands may demand and have Administration of their Rights, Credits, and other Personal Estates, and recover and enjoy the same, as they might have done before the making of the Paid Act. [Made perpetual by 1 Jac. 2. C j7. §. 5.]

CAP. IV.

An Act for ereclinga Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by the late dreadful Fire in Southwark. Who shall be Commissioners. Their Power and Manner of Proceeding. Their Decrees shall be binding and conclusive. Their Summons of Parties and Witnesses how to be granted. And how to be served. Upon Default they may proceed to determine the Controversy. If the Persons cannot be found to be summoned, no Proceedings shall be thereon tiil after six Months. Tofts of such as will not begin to build within two Years, &c. may be disposed of to such as will build. Anu Satisfaction awarded to the Proprietors. Or assessed by a Jury where the Parties will not or cannot accept the same. Decrees made by fewer than seven, and excepted to within thirty Days, may be reversed or altered by any seven or more, &c. Such Appeals to be finished within six Months. Such Orders and Decrees shall be effectual, and conclude all Persons. And not reversed by Writ of Error or Certiorari. Such Judgments and Decrees how to be entered. The Books to be kept by the Town clerk of London. The Powers given by this Act to continue for three Years. An Oath to be taken by the Judges of the court. Encroachments and Purprefluves upon the High Street, how to be regulated. A Proviso for stall boards notwithstanding. Differences concerning party walls and other Walls, and Lights, paf ikges, &c. how to be mediated. The Court shall order what Sees their Officers shall take. Affidavits of serving Process how to be taken. The Penalty of committing Perjury in the same. Decrees may be signed by the Survivors of those that made them. Leases and Agreements since the Fire shall be of Force, and may be corroborated by Decree of the Court. Persons interested shall not have Votes. Damages may be recovered at Law for nonperformance of any Decree, or a Bill in Equity maintained for a Performance in specie. Persons not abating Annoyances may be indifled. An Action at Law given for Money decreed, the Decree may be given in Evidence. Persons prosecuted may plead the General issue, &c. Southwark Market shall be kept where it anciently has been.

Prebates cf

Nuncupative

Wills.

Raymond 334.,

Soldiers and Mariners Wills excepted.

The Jurisdiction of Courts laved.

22 & 23 Car s, C 10.

Husbands not compellable to make dsftribu tion of the Personal Inflates of their Wives.

1 Mod. 231.

CAP. V.

An act for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made Use of in the Courts of King's Bench,

Common Pleas and Exchequer.

' T? OR the greater Ease. and Benefit of all Persons whatsoever in the taking of Affidavits to be made Ufa ' JL' of and retd in his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer at Westminster, ' as well in Mat ers and Tilings relating to his Majesty, and his Revenue, as in all other Matters and Causes

l)dd 2 6 whatso

C 6, 7.

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II

A.D. 1676.

vbo may 5m power Persons by Crjmniifljon to take Affidavits.

2 Salk. 461.

Judges of aie in their Ciicuirs may take Affidavits concerning Mat ers depending in the King's Berch, Common Pleas and Exchequer. The Penalty on such as for (wear themselves in such Affidavits.

The Person taking the same all receive but 11 d. besides the King's Duty.

1 Car. I. C I(

3 Car. I. C 1.

Tradesmep, Artificers and Labourers.

None shall cry or expose to Sale Wares.

Drovers, flcrfe coursers, Wag. gooer?, Butchers and Higlers, Boats and barges. Provisions for Coaches, by 5 & 6 W. & M. C 22. 18. & 9

Ann. C 23.

20.

' whatsoever depending or to be depending in all or any of the Courts aforesaid, or any wise concerning the Proceedings of or in the same.'

II. Be it Shafted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

L

of

being, or any two of them, whereof the Chief justice for the Time being to be one for the said Court of King's Bench; (2) and the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the rest of the Justices there for the Time being, or any two of them, whereof the Chief Justice of the same Court to be one for the said Court of Common Pleas; (3) and also the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor and Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any two or more of them, whereof the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor, or Lord Chief Baron for the Time being, to be one for the said Court of Exchequer; (a) shall and may by one or more commifkon or Commifnons under the several Seals of the said respective Courts, from Time to Time as Need shall require, empower what and as many perfu.ns as they flail think fit and necefury, in all and every the several Shires and Counties within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of ivales. and Town of Berwick upon Tvjsed, to take and receive all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits as any Person or Persons shall be willing and desirous to make before any of the Persons so empowered, in or concerning any Cause, Matter or Thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or any wise concerning any of the Proceedings to be in the said respective Courts, as Matters of Chancery in extraordinary do use to do; (5) and that it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of Assize in his Circuit to take and receive any Affidavit or Affidavits as any Person or Per soil s shall be willing and desirous to make before him, in or concerning any Cause, Matter or Thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or in any wise concerning any Proceedings to be had in the said Courts of King's Bench, Common i'leas and Exchequer, or any of them; (6) which said Affidavits taken as aforesaid shall be filed in their several and respective Offices of the said Courts the same do concern, and then be read and made Use of in the said Courts, to all Intents and purposes as other Affidavits taken in the said Courts now are, and that all and every Affidavit and Affidavits taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same Force as Affidavits taken in the said respective Courts now are; (7) and all and every Person and Persons forswearing him, her or themselves in such Affidavit or Affidavits, flail incur and be liable unto the same Penalties, as if such Affidavit or Affidavits had been made and taken in open Court.

III. Provided, That for the Taking of every such Affidavit, the Person or Persons so empowered and taking the same, flail for so doing receive only the Sum or See of twelve Pence, and no more, besides the Duty payable to his Majesty for the same, which said Duty to his Majesty flail not be paid to the said Commissioner, but to the proper Officers in the said respective Courts, before such Affidavit or Affidavits be therein filed or made Use of.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Naturalising of Children of his Majesty's english Subjects, born in Foreign Countries during the late Troubles. All Persons whose Parents were Subjects born out of the King's Dominions between the 15th of June 1641. and the 24th of March 1660. declared natural born Subjects. Such Persons' flail within seven Years receive the Sacrament, and within one Month after take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy. And have no Benefit of this Act till Proof thereof made by Certificate and Witnesses. Upon Proof whereof by Certificate and Witnesses, such Person may prove his Qualification viva voce, and have a Certificate thereof under Seal of the Court.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the better Observation of the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday.

OR the better Observation and keeping Holy the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday; (z) Be it, V ' enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Laws enacted and in Force concerning the Observation of the lord's Day, and repairing to the Church thereon, be carefully put in Execution; (3) and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, shall on every lord's Day apply themselves to the Observation of the same, by exercising themselves thereon in the Duties of Piety and true Religion, publicly and privately; (4) and that no Tradestnan, Artificer, Workman, Labourer, or other Person whatsoever, flail do or exercise any worldly Labour, Business or Work of their ordinary Callings, upon the lord's Day, or any Part thereof (Works of Necessity and Charity only excepted;,) (?) and that every Person being of the Age of fourteen Years or upwards, offending in the Premises, flail for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Shillings; (b) and that no Person or Persons whatsoever. flail publicly cry, show forth, or expose to Sale, any Wares, Merchandizes, Fruit, Herbs, Goods or Chattels whatsoever, upon the lord's Day, or any Part thereof, upon Pain that every Person so offending flail forfeit the same Goods so cried or tttewed forth, or exposed to Sale.

II. And it is further enacted, That no Drover, horse courser, Wagoner, Butcher, Higler, their or any of their Servants, flail travel or come into his or their Inn or Lodging upon the lord's Day or any Part thereof, upon Pain that each and every such Offender flail forfeit twenty Shillings for every such Offence;

tz) and that no Person or Persons flail use, employ or travel upon the lord's Day with any Boat, Wherry,.

fighter or Barge, except it be upon extraordinary Occasion, to It? allowed by some Justice of the Peace of the County, or hc.td officer, or some Justice of the Peace of the City, Borough or Town Corporate, where the Fast shall be committed; (3) upon Pain that every Person so offending flail forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every such Offence. (4) And that if any Person offending in any of the Premisses shall be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the County, or the Chief Officer or Officers,

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II

C S.

3s9

the Peace of or within any City, Borough or Town Corporate, where the Paid Offences in what Msnnrr 1, upon ins or their View, or Confession of the Party, or Proof of any one or more Witt, lc C 'rnviflion which the said Justices, Chief Ofricer or olticeis is by this Act authorised to administer) fllal! l'f>

or any Justice of the Peace of shall be committed, upc

neflts by Oath (which the said Justices, Chief Officer or Officers is by this Act authorised to administer) the said Justice, or Chief Officer or Officers hdl give Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to the The Penalty, ' Constables or churchwardens of the Parish or Parishes where such Offence ihr.ll be committed, to seize the ll" 10 be lev.cd. said Goods cried, Ibewed forth or put to Sale as aforesaid, and to sell the same, and to levy the Paid other

f orfeitures or Penalties, byway of Distress and Sale of the Goods of every such Offender distrained, rendering

to the said Offenders the Overplus of the Moneys raised thereby; ($) and in Default of fuel) Di In Cafcof fi/uf. fticfs, or in Case of Insufficiency or Inability of the ("aid Offender to pay the Paid Forfeitures or Penalties, ?c'jncy;

that then the Party offending be let publicly in the Stocks by the Space of two Hours. (6) And all and n*thevtock

singular the Forfeitures or Penalties aforesaid shall be employed and converted to the Use of the Poor of the The orfciui <$, ici ifh where the Paid Offences Ph ill be committed, saving only that it shall and may be lawful to and for how to bedif aity such Justice, Mayor or Plead Officer or Officers, out o( the Paid Forfeitures or Penalties to reward any pofeu of.

Person or Persons that shall inform of any Offence against this Act, according to their Discretions, so as such Reward exceed not the third Part of the Forfeitures or Penalties.

III. Provided, That nothing in this cted contained shall extend to the Prohibiting of Dressing of Meat a Pr viilon f r

in Families, or Dressing or Selling of Meat in Inns, Cooks Shops or victualling hotifes, for such as other priv.ue k nviu, wife cannot he provided, nor to the crying or selling of Milk before nine of the Clock in the Morning or vuuuiiing after four of the Clock in the Afternoon. huuics, CIV

Provided also, That 110 Person or Persons shall be impeached, prosecuted or molested for any Of The iweeuti'on

fence before mentioned in this Act, 'unless he or they be prosecuted for the same within ten Days after the: n te within ten Offence committed. das

V. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons what the Hundred

soever which shall travel upon the lord's Day shall be then robbed, '1 hat no Hundred or the Inhabitants not responfitle thereof shall be charged with or answerable for any Robbery so committed, but the Person or Persons so the"

robbed shall be barred from bringing any Action for the said Robbery; any Law to the contrary not with Lord's Day. Handing: (2) Nevertheless, the Inhabitants of the Counties and Hundreds (after Notice of any such Rob But shall mate bery to them or some of them given, or after Hue and Cry for the same to be brought) shall make or cause fresh Suit after to be made fresh Sufi and Pursuit after the Offenders, with Horsemen and Footmen, according to the Sta tll<: Offenders. tute made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, upon Pain of forfeiting to the zj elh. C 13. King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as much Money as might have been recovered against the Hundred by the Party robbed if this Law had not been made.

VI. Provided also, That no Person or Persons upon the lord's Day shall serve or execute, or cause to be' Service of Pro

served or executed, any Writ, Process, Warrant, Order, Judgement or Decree (except in Cases of Trea CC s C n t!ls fun, Felony or Breach of the Peace) but that the Service of every such Writ, Process, Warrant, Order, void

Judgement or Decree, shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And the Person or Persons c3rti, e ^04. so fciving or executing the same, shall be as liable to the Suit of the Party grieved, and to answer Damages Sce r, rther 10& to him for doing thereof, as if he or they had done the same without any Writ, Process, Warrant, Order, j, ir 3. i

Judgement or Decree at all. /«. 14.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by ecck fiaflical Persons to sin all

Vicarages and Curacies.

I 7t WHEREAS diverse archbipnops, Bishops, Deans and Chapters, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, in Obedience to his Majesty's Letters, bearing Date the first Day of June in the twelfth Year of his said majesty's Reign, and out of a pious Care to improve poor Vicarages and Curacies, where the En ' dowment thereof was found too small to afford a competent Maintenance to those that serve the Cure,

have ftnee his Majesty's happy Return, upon their renewing of i.eases of Rectories, or Tithes impropriate or appropriate, made or may hereafter make diverse Reservations beyond the ancient Rent, to the latent the same Ihotild or might become payable to the said Vicars or Curates, in Augmentation of their endow ments, which have been for the most part enjoyed accordingly: (2) But in Regard that such Reservations were not made to the V icars or Curates; or if they were, no convenient Remedy could be had by such Vicars cr Curates for the Recovery thereof, and they were not at the Time thereof capable of taking any Interest to their own Use, whereby the said Provisions will depend upon the good Pleasure of the Succef 1 fors, and may in Time be disappointed: '

II. For the Establishment thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Augmentation of what Nature soever, granted, reserved or agreed to be made payable, or intended tc he granted, reserved or made payable, since "the said first day of June in the twelfth Year of his said majesty's Reign, or which shall at any Time hereafter be granted, reserved or made payable to any Vicar or Curate, or reserved by Way of Increase of Rent to the Lessors, but intended to be to or for the Use or Benefit of any Vicar or Curate, by any Archbishop,

Bishop, Dean, Provost, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Prebendary, or other Ecclesiastical Corporation,

Person or Persons whatsoever, so making the said Reservation out of any Rectory impropriate, or Portion of Tithes, belonging to any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Provost, Dean and Chapter, or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, Person or Persons, shall be deemed and adjudged to continue and be, and shall for ever. Augmentations hereafter continue and remain, as well during the Continuance of the Estate or Term upon which the said th.iu continue Augmentations were granted, reserved or agreed to be made payable, as afterwards, in whose Hands soever e

the said r.e£iories or Portion of Tithes shall be or come; which Rectories or Portion of Tithes shall be ^yyyvid' yd chargeable therewith, whether the same be reserved again, or not; (2) and the said Vicars and Curates te 2f'"

speclively are hereby adjudged to be in the actual Possession thereof, for the Use of themselves and their

Successors,

39° C 9-

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II

A.D. 1676.

Successors, and t'.'g same shall for ever hereafter be taken, received and enjoyed by the said Vicars and Curates, and their. Successors, as well during the Continuance of the Term or Estate upon which the said Remedy for the Augmentations, were armed, reserved or agreed to be made payable, as afterwards; (3) and the said Vicars and Curates flic 11 have Remedy for the lame, either by Diurefs upon the Rectories impropriate, or Portions of Tithes charged therewith, or by Action of Debt against that Person who ought to have paid the same, his Executors or Administraters; any Bifability in the Person or Perfom, Bodies Politic or Corporate so granting, or any Disability or Incapacity in the Vicars or Curates, to whom, C r to or for whose Use or Benefit, the same are granted or intended to be granted; the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Law, Cullom, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

lit. Provided always, That no future Augmentation be confirmed by Virtue of this Act, which shall exceed one Moiety of the clear yearly Value, above all Reprizes, of the Rectory impropriate out of the which the same shall be granted or reserved.

IV. Aird to the End the said Vicars and Curates may the better make appear the Certainty of the said Augmentations; (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Archbishop, Bishop, Dean and Chapter respectively, on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September next coming, shall cause every Lease or Grant whereon any such Augmentation is made, to be fairly entered in a Book of Parchment, to be kept by their respective Registers for that purpose. (3) And every Dean, Archdeacon, Prebendary, or other Ecclesiastical Person respectively, shall cause every Lease or Giant whereon any such Augmentation hath been made by himself, his predeceli or or Predecessors, to be entered in the said Book, to be kept by the See for entr!n». Regiller of the bishop of thediocefc; for the entering whereof no Fee shall be paid, nor anything demanded, save only'a reasonable Reward to the Clerk for entering the same, not exceeding five Shillings; Such Entry how (4) which said Entry being examined by the respective Archbishop, Bishop or Dean, and by them respect beaitdted, to tively attefbed in the said Book to be a true Copy of the original Lease or Grant, and that the Augmenta'

'in the same was intended for such Use, shall be as a P, ecord; a true Copy whereof, proved by Wit

nefies to be a true Copy, shall be deemed, taken, adjudged and expounded to be good and sufficient Evidence in the Law, whereupon the said Vicars and Curates respectively shall 2nd may by Virtue of this Act from Time to Time recover the Benefit of such Augmentation.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that where any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean

and Chapter, or any other Ecclesiastical Corporation or Person whatsoever, upon the Renewing or Granting

any Lease or Estate, have made any Agreement for an Augmentation for the Vicar or Curate, and such

Augmentation hath for any Tims been accordingly paid, although the said Agreement is not expressed or mentioned in the said Lease cr Grant, every such Ecclesiastical Person shall cause the Substance of such a greement to be entered in the fa Pd'book, to remain for a Memorial of it to Perpetuity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Augmentation so entered shall likewise continue, and be for ever hereafter good and available in the Law, for the Benefit of the Vicar or Curate for whom it was intended, and their Successors, as well.against the Archbishop, Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation or Person. agreed for the same, and his and their Successors, as against every other Person enjoying the said Rectories or Portions of Tithes intended to be charged therewith, in the same Manner, and for which they shall have the same Remedy, as they should or ought to have by Virtue of this Act, if the same had been, mentioned and reserved in and by the Lease.

augment.v.: ons

VII. And if any Question shall hereafter arise concerning the Validity of such Grants, or any other mat tobe^avom edin ter or Thing in this Act mentioned, and contained, such favourable Constructions, and such further Remedy ch^ritabk uf s15 Need be, shall be had and made for the Benefit of the Vicars and Curates, as heretofore hath been had and made, or may be had for other charitable Uses, upon the Statutes for charitable Uses.

kewlcafts

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Surren -- con^bi 'itceof f'cr' Expiration or other Determination of any Lease wherein any such Augmentation as aforesaid hath t: e ao' mcnii een or shall be granted, any new Lease of the Premises or any Part thereof shall hereafter be made, with tions to be veld, out express Continuance of the said Augmentation, every such new Lease shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to invalidate, alter or make void one Lease, be. ring Date the nineteenth of October one thousand six hun

iime.

maar.a Charta, C 36.

aiif.trentations exceeding one Moiety of the Value of the

Rt Carry not coriftrttied.

Augmentation, ieafes, where to be entered.

be < Record and Evidence at Law.

Agreements for atigmc ntauor.f, to bi entered Lkew le.

A. Leaie of the t'arsonage of Sluurton fared.

A Lease of St, Evnil in cern vr.il laved.

dred seventy and six, made by the Dean and Chapter of York, of the Parsonage and Tithes of Stourton in the County of Nottingham, wherein there, is an Augmentation of fix and thirty Pounds per Annum reserved and made due and payable to the Vicar, of Stourton aforesaid, but that the said Sum of six and thirty pounds be always paid to the Vicar and his Successors accordingly; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or he construed to invalidate, alter or make void one Lease lately made by the Dean and Chapter of Exon, unto Arthur Sprev Esq; of the tithe sheaf of the Parish of St. Km all in the County of Carnival, whereon there is an Augmentation of twenty Pounds per Annum already made due and payable ro the Vicar of the said Parish during the said Lease, but that the said Sum of twenty Pounds be always paid to the Vicar and his Successors accordingly; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An Act for taking away the Writ De Hn

etico comhurendc.

; E it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament nfl embled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Wjit commonly called Breve elc Harctico cornburcndo, with all Process and Proceedings thereupon, in order to the Executing such Writ, or following or depending thereupon, and all punish nient by Death, in Pursuance of any Ecclesiastical Censures, be from henceforth utterly taken away and

abolished;

Anno vicesimo nono Caroli II

C 10. 391

abolished; any Law, Statute, Canon, Constitution, Custom or Usage, to the contrary heretofore or now in Force, in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this acct hall extend or be construed to lake away or abridge the a Saving of iho jurisdiction of Protestant Archbishops or Bishops, or any other Judges of any Ecclesiastical Courts, in t^cfurticaij Cases of at neifm, Blasphemy, Heresy or Schism, and other damnable Doctrines and Opinions, but that "saik'.tot t 6. they may proceed to punish the same according to his Majesty's Ecclesiastical Laws, by Excommunication, 1'5' '

Deprivation, Degradation and other Ecclesiastical Censures, not extending to Death, in such Sort and no other, as they might have done before the Making of this Act; any 'Filing in this Law contained to the' contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. X

An Act for the better Repairing and Maintaining the Pier of Great Yarmouth. The Duty not to exceed 2* Car. 2; C, sixpence per Chaider, Last, Weigh and Tonne, &c. 'i'hc Powers in the former Act revived. Commit § I2' sioners how to be chcten. And how often to meet. This Act when to commence. P R.

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Anglits, Scotise, Francite & Hibernia?,

vicesimo nono & tricesimo.

T the Parliament Ifcgun at tt cfltninster' the eighth of May, Amo Dom. one thousand six hundred The fornvr sixty cne, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our moult gracious Sovereign Lord Charles, by Editions have it, the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France ami Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

1 and by several Prorogations and Adjournments there continued to' the fifteenth Day of February in the 'i!, 'hth=oi; of ' twenty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and thence continued to the thirteenth Day of May in the jf nusry, LI ' thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign.' thence'10the

CAP. I. twentieth Day

r.., " of fvlarch*

An Act for raising Money by a Poll and otherwise, to enable his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King, and for prohibiting several French Commodities.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for Continuance of two former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the

Northern Borders of England.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King*V V that now is, intituled An a£lfor preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Korthern Borders of Eng 13 & 14 Car. 2. ' land: and whereas also another Add was made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of our said Sovereign C 22- Lord the King, intituled, An Act to continue a former All for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Nor ig car. 2. C 3. ' than Borders of England: Both' which Acts are expired, and have been found very necessary for the Pre ' servation of those Places from that great Number of lewd, disorderly and lawless Persons, that usually frequented thereabouts (2) Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with The a.fts of the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament >3 & 14 Car. 1. assembled, and by Authority thereof, That the.salt! two former Acts, and either of them, and every Mat P 22-ls Carter, Clause and Clauses therein contained, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given, con"

shall be, continue and remain in full Force from henceforth, for and during the Space and Time of seven Years, and also from them e until the End of the fi; ft Section of the next Parliament.

II. And f. r the better Management of the Powers and Authorities in or by the said two former acts The Justice? of

given; (2) Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Justices of Peace of the p«ce_flsau take said respective Counties shall from Time to Time, at the respective Quarter sessions, take good and suffi of f' CL

cierit Security of the Person or Persons by them employed in the find Service, for the Preservation of the anfoc!'th°y said respective Counties from Theft and Rapine, to answer the Damages sustained by any Person or Per Damages ruthin lons by his or their Neglect or Default therein, and to pay and futisfy the same within four Months after eu by their that Proof thereof shall be made by the Oath of one or more credible witnesses before the justices of Peace Negka.

of the said respective Counties, at the next Quarter seiii'o'ns' in the respective County; (3) which Oath or

Oathsthe said Justice or Justices are hereby authorised to adntinifter; so as the Goods itolen be entered in

one of the Books to be kept for that Purpose within the Space of forty-eight Hours after the same shall be

stolen or gone; (4) and that Books shall be kept for that End in every Market 1 own of the said respectBooks stall be

live Counties, and at such other convenient Places therein, and by such Person or Persons, as the said Juf kept in Market.

tices of the Peace in the said respective Counties, at their General Sessions of the perce, shall order or an Towns for Entry

point. 5 K ot Goods stolen.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Justices of the Peace of The j irtices of the Lid respective Counties, at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said Counties respectively, Peace shall yer flail yearly, or every two Years at the farthest, in open Court, make Choice of and appoint such Person>' or evcly., w or Persons as they shall respectively think fit, for the said Counties respectively, to be employed in the said p 'riin/tots"1 Service. eiyployej in the

IV. Provided that every Person and Persons employed for the Preservation of the said respective Court sew. e.

tfts from Theft and Rapine, or as Treasurer for the said Service, do receive the Sacrament of the lord's The Persons to Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, in fofne pu blick Church, upon some lprd's be employed null Day, commonly called Sunday, within the Space of three Months after they shall enter upon such ln 'vkc n csacm ployment, and deliver a Certificate thereof to the next Quarter sessions in the respective County where they Iikr

shall be so employed, and take the oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and make and fitbfcribs the.de incvanj Sapre claration appointed to be made 'and' subscribed in and by one Acc "of this present Parliament, intituled An macy, and make

al the Declaration

appointed by 25 Car. 2. C

asl for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popifl) Recusants, the said Act appointed. [Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 40.

under the Penalties and Forfeitures by

Anno Regni Caroli

II. Regis Anglia;, tricesimo.

Scotia;, Francias & Hibernia;

Editions the fifteenth of July.'

18 Car. z, C 4. C

The Stat. of 18 Car. 2. C 4, iepea.td.

No Corps shall be buried but in Woollen.

T the Parliament begun at Westminster the eighth Day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, ca The former and by several Prorogations and Adjournments there continued to the twenty-third of May in the their have it tieth Year of his Majesty's Reign.' '

CAP. I.

An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of six hundred nineteen thousand three hundred eighty eight Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence, for Disbanding the Army, and other Uses therein mentioned.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Additional Duty to his Majesty upon Wines for three Years.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for Burying in Woollen.

WHEREAS an Act made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign that now is, intituled An C W V Act for Burying in jvoolkn only, was intended for the lessening the Importation of Linen from be t yond the Seas, and the Encouragement of the Woollen and Paper Manufactures of this Kingdom, had e the same been observed; but in respect there was not a sufficient Remedy thereby given for the Discovery and Prosecution of Offences against the said Law, the same hath hitherto not had the Effect thereby intended: '

II. For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Clauses and Provisoes therein, shall be and are hereby annulled and repealed, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever,

And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Augitft one thousand six hundred and seventy eight, no Corps of any Person or Persons shall be buried in any Shirt, Shift, Sheet or Shroud, or anything whatsoever made or mingled wish Flax, Hemp, Silk, Hair, Gold or Silver, or in any Stuff or Thing, 'other than what is made of Sheeps Wool only, or he put in any' Coffin lined or faced with any sort of Cloth or Stuff, or any other Thing whatsoever, that is made of any Material but Sheeps Wool only: (2) upon Pain of the Forfeiture of five Pounds of lawful Money of England, to be recovered and divided as is hereafter in this Act expressed and directed.

WAND it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons in Holy Orders, Deans, Parsons, Deacons, Vicars, Curates and their or any of their Substitutes, do within their respective Parishes, pre cinfts and Places, take an exact Account, and keep a Register, of all and every Person or Persons buried in his or their respective Parishes or Precincts, or in such common burial places as their respective Parishioners are ufu^lly buried; (z) and that some one or more of the Relations of the Pirty deceased, or other credible Person, shall within eight Days next after such Interment, bring an Affidavit in Writing under the Hands and Seals of two or more credible Witnesses, and under the Hand of the Magistrate or Officer before whom the same was sworn (for which nothing shall be paid) to the Minister or Parson, That the Bid Person was not put in, 'wrapped or wound up, or buried in any Shirt, Shift, She't of Shroud, made or mingled with Flax, Hemp, Sill:, Flair, Gold or Silver, or other than what is made of Sheeps Woo! only, C r in any Coffin lined or faced with any Cloth, Stuff or any other Thing whatsoever, made or mingled with Flax, Hemp, Silk, Hair, Gold or Silver, or any other Material but Sheeps Wool only; (3) and if no Relation of the Party buried, or other Person, sit all bring an Affidavit as aforesaid, to the Parson or Minister, within the Time aforesaid, That then the Goods and Chattels of the Party deceased shall be and are hereby made liable to the aforesaid Forfeiture of five Pounds; (4.) to be levied by way of distrts and Sale thereof by Warrant of the Chief Magistrare in any Town Corporate, or any justice of the Peace, or in Default thereof, by like Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person in whose House the find Party died, o cr ary that had a Hand in putting furl Person into any Shirt, Shift, Sheet, Shroud or Coffin, contrary to this A °, or did order or dispose the Doing thereof; (5) and in Case such Person were a Servant, and that he or (lie died in the Family of his or her Master or Mistress, That the same be levied on the Goods or Chattels'f his or her Master or Miftr fs; (6) and if such Person died in the Family of his or her Father or v1o!h<*r, That then the same be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of his or her Father or Mother, in Manner and by Warrant as aforesaid; which find Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall he levied, paid and allowed out of the Estate of the said deceased Person, before any Statute, Ju: gment. Debt, Legacy, or any other Duty whatsoever, due, owing or payable from the said deceased,

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Affidavit shall lie made or taken before some one Justice of the Peace, or Master of Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, Mayor, Bailiff, rr o: t rchi.f gi ficer of the City, County, Borough, Corporation or Market town in tli "County where the said Party was buried, who are he ehy authorised and tequiied to admirtifter the (hid Oath, and to attoft the same u der their Hands upon such Affidavit, gratis: (z) And in Case no such Affidavit final! he brought to the Parson or Minister where the said Party was buried as aforesaid, within the said eight Days, That such Parson' '

The Penalty.

Rxftin ersinall be kepr in every Parish of Persons buried there.

Affidavit to be made within eight D; jys after each Burial, that the Person was buried in Woollen

The Forfeiture in Default thereof.

Such Affidavits before whom to be taken.

By 32 Car. 2. C I. Vrv it may be taken before the par son, canno

tricesi 1110 Caroli II

C 4,

393

or Minister shall forthwith give or cause Notice thereof to be given in Writing under his Ilaml, to the irr= church warden or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, who lhr.ll within eight Days after such Notice CUJ, J cu.13k': " repair to the Chief Magistrate in any Town Corporate, if such Party was buried in such City or Town ronn'ut'1' !f*Corporate, or else to any Justice of the Peace, who upon the Certificate thereof from the Paid Parson, Mi n, uch trs ». nifler or Curate, officiating in the said Parish, shall forthwith grant a Warrant for the levying of the said ut be fcrou jit forfeiture cn the Goods and Chattels of the Parties before mentioned, rendering the Overplus to the Par to the syst n ties whose Goods were so dtftrained upon, all reasonable Charges being deducted; one Moiety of which within ci^jic Forfeitures shall be to the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the Parish where such Party shall be buried con tcia^s.'tt<: r trary to the Directions of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person that shall in form and sue for the same, to be recovered by Warrant of the Chief Magistrate or any Justice of the Peace in the City, Town Corporate or County, where such Party was buried.

VI. And in Case any Parson or Minister shall neglect to give Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers The p.irfnn,

of the Poor as aforesaid, or liot give unto them a Note or Certificate under his Hand, testifying that such an chnfcli«ah«n?, Affidavit and Certificate was not"brought to him within the Time limited by this Act, concerning die par ties being interred according to the Directions thereof; (z) or that the churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall not within eight Days after die Receipt of such Certificate repair to such Chief Magistrate, or to Duty, shall for some other Justice of the Peace, with such Certificate, and show the same to him, and demand his War feir 51. rant thereupon for levying the Forfeiture by this Act before appointed; (3) and in Case such Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace fbuli neglect his Duty in not issuing his Warrant for the levying the said Forfeiture; (4) he or they so neglecting or offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds The Forfeiture of lawful Money of England; (3) to be recovered by such Personas shall sue for the same by Action of1'0"'co rc* Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed, and coveied' wherein also the Prosecutor shall recover his full Costs, so as the Suit be commenced within six Months after the Offence shall be committed; (6) one fourth Part of which said Forfeitures shall be to the Use of And how di his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; two other fourth Parts thereof Ihai) be to the Use of the Poor of the stribuetd. Parish where the Person so offending or neglecting his Duty shall dwell; and one other fourth Part to the Person that shall inform and sue for the same.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Parson or Minister of every Parish shall keep a Register All Burials and

in a Book to be provided at the Charge of the Parish, and make a true Entry of all Burials within his Pa Affidavits, and rish, and of all Affidavits brought to him as aforesaid, within the Time limited as aforesaid; and where brought no such Affidavit shall be brought to him within such Time, that he enter a Memorial thereof in the said Memorial^'Registry, against the Name of the Party interred, and of the time when he notified the same to the Church thereof shall be wardens or Overseers of the Poor. entered.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the find Account to be given Accounts of in by any Overseers of the Poor, after the first Day of August one thousand six hundred seventy eight, they Burials, and do and shall give an Account, as by this Act is hereafter directed, of all Burials within their Parishes from ^j1^'ers ^rti" the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred seventy eight to the Time of tyre giving in the said Ac yyin!'the pcn'al count; (2) and that for the future when and as often as the overseers of the Poor do give up their Ae 'tfcs.and the counts to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter sessions, or Petty sessions, or any two Justices of the Bffipofa) thereof. Peace in their Monthly Meetings, that they do and shall give an Account of the Name and Quality ofte made every Person interred within their Parish, from the Time of their former Account, and of such Certificates x^e'b'^the'o as came to their Hands from the Parson or Minister of the said Parish, that the Persons therein mentioned verfars^uf the were interred contrary to the Directions and true Intent of this Act, and of their levying the Penalty on pur.

the Offenders according to this Act, and also a true Account of the Disposal of the same; (3) under the Penalty of five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the goojs of such Churchwardens or Overseers, by Warrant from the said Justices of the Peace, or any two of them; (4) and that no Account of any overseers of the Poor shall be allowed after the first Day of August one thousand six hundred seventy eight, until th y shall therein account for the Burials within the respective Parishes as is before directed.

IX. Provided, That no Penalty appointed by this Act shall be incurred for or by reason of any person.persons ihst die

that shall die of the Plague, although such Persons shall not be buried as by this Act is directed. f tl, e Plague

X. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August, exccfted

the said Judges at their respective Assizes, and the Justices of the Peace at their respective Quarter sessions, Tins ai to be shall give this Act in Charge; (2) and moreover that this Act for.ii be publicly read upon the first Sunday Slven ln Charge after the Feast of St. Bartholomew every Year for seven Years net following, presentiy after Divine Service, q rter

Ssfiiuns, and read the first Sunday astir Sr. bartholomew's Day for seven Years.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or In Persons prose

formation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do for any in Pursuance or Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons so sued shall and may plead the General If pur'^nc°" c0( n sue, Not guilty, and upon Issue joined may give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor this Act, may shall become nonsuit or fuller Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pals against him, or if upon a Demurrer plead the Ge judgement pass against him, the Defendant shall recover his treble Costs for such Molestation. ml issue, CC

A P. IV

An Act for the further Relief and discharge of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt.

CAP. V.

An Act for Repealing certain Words in a Clatife in a former Act, intituled, An Act for Enlarging

and Repairing of Common Highways.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, 13 & 14 Cai

An Act for Enlarging and Repairing of Common Highways, it is provided, That no travelling W ag C 6. 9.

' Son,

22 &.2 3 Car. 2. C 20.

e e

394

Anno tricesimo Caroli II

5 Geo. t. C 12. 34 Geo. 2. c. 42. 1^ Geo. 2. c. 2. r6geo. 2. c. 29.

37 Car. C 3. & C 13.

22 & 23 Car. 2. r. 10.

38 Car. 2. C 6. I Jac, 2, C 17,

3 Mod, 1x3.

3 Jac. 2. C 17.

P R.

9 H 5- yfof. X

C 10.

p II

1 Eliz, C 17.

*»The former Editions Slave it the thirtieth Day of no irember,

C 6 — 9.

A.D. 1677.

' gone, Wain, Cart or Carriage, wherein any Burdens, Goods or Wares, are or shall be drawn for Hire ' (otherwise than is therein excepted) hall at any Time travel, be drawn, or go in any public Highways

or Roads with above seven Horse beads, whereof six hall draw in Pairs, and not with above eight Oxen, ' or six Oxen and two Horse beasts; (2) nor hall at any Time carry above twenty hundred Weight between the first of October and the first of May, nor above thirty hundred Weight from the first of May to the first of October; (0 nor above five Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Meflin, Rye, Peas, Beans and Tares, ' nor above eight Quarters of Barley, Malt or Oats, and after that Proportion, under such Penalties as by the said Act is expressed; which Act, by reason of these Words Far Hire, hath not that good Effect which was expected; pretending that they carry not for Hire, but the Goods and Wares they carry are their own, and many Actions have been brought by Colour thereof against such Persons as have en deavoure.d to put the said Law in Execution, and others discouraged from doing their Duty therein

II. For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That these Words For Hire in the said Act expressed, hall from henceforth stand void and be repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. VI.

An act for Reviving a former Act, intituled An. AH; for avoiding uitnecessary Suits and Delays, and for Continuance of one other Act, intituled, An Act for the letter Settling of Intejlates estates;

WHEREAS one Act of this present Parliament, intituled An. AH for avoiding: unnecessary Suits and

Delays, and also one other Act, intituled, An Act for the better Settling of Inteflates estates, have been found to be very beneficial; '(2) Be it enacted by the King's mostr Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said' Acts of Parliament shall be in Force from the first Day. of this present Session of Parliament, and so to continue for seven. Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. VII.

An act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors in their own wrodg.

WHEREAS, the Executors and Administrators of such Persons who have possessed themselves of considerable personal Estates of other dead Persons, and converted the same to their own Use, have no Remedy by the Rules of the common-law, as it now Hands, to pay the Debts of those Persons whose Estate hath been so converted by their Testator or Intestate, which, hath been found very mischievous, and many. creditors defeated of their just Debts, although their Debtors left behind them sufficient to satisfy the same, with a great Overplus

II. For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority thereof, That all and every the Executors and Administrators of any Person or Persons, who as Executor or Executors in his or their own Wrong, or Administrators, hall from and after the first Day of August next ensuing waste or convert any Goods, Chattels, Estate or Assets of any Person deceased, to their own Use, shall be liable and chargeable in the same Manner as their Testator or Intestate would have been if they had been living (2) This Act to continue in Force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual and enlarged hv.

4&. 5w. KM. c. 24. 4.12.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Admeasurement of Keels and Boats carrying Coals. Commissioners shall be appointed for measuring and marking Boats and Wains, used for Carriage of Coals. Farther provided for by 6 ia 7 jr. 3. C 10. The Content of a Wain, of a Cart, of a Chalder. Keels and Boats, how and by whom to be marked. And when. The Penalty. Oaths by whom to be administered to Officers. The penalty for removing or altering the Marks.

CAP. IX.

An Act for Preservation of Fishing in the River of Severn. The Penalty for destroying the Spawn or Fry of Fish Conservators of the River. Unlawful Instruments, how to be destroyed. The said Offences, bow to be punished. The Forfeitures, how to be disposed. The Jurisdiction of Lords of Leets ami Franchises saved. A Saving of the King's Rights.

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Anglia, Scotia, Franciae & Hibernia

tricesimo.

T the Parliament begun at Wflminster the eighth Day of May, Anno Dorn, one thousand six hundred sixty one, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Charles, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, £sy. and by several Prorogations and Adjournments there continued to the twenty first of qhobey in the thirtieth Year t of his Majesty's Reign, '4.

S T A T.

Stat. 2. 395

A.D. 1677. Anno tricesimo Caroli II

STAT. 11.

An Act for the more effectual Preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists

from sitting in either House of Parliament.

t?orasmuch as diverse good Laws have been made for preventing the Increase and Danger of Popery in 3 Car. 1. CI

' id this kingdom, which have not had thedefired Effects, by reason of the free Access which Pnpish Re c3 j

cufants have had to his Majesty's Court, and by reason of the Liberty which of late some of the Recu

have had and taken to sit and vote in Parliament

II. Wherefore, and for the Safety of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred seventy and eight, no Person that now is or hereafter shall be a Peer of this Realm, or Member of the House of Peers, shall vote, or make his proxy in the House of Peers, or sit there during any Debate in the Laid House of Peers; (2) nor any Person that now is, or hereafter shall be a Member of the House of Commons, shall vote in the House of Commons, or sit there during any Debate in the said House of Commons after their Speaker is chosen; until such Peer or Member shall from Time to Time respectively, for the!ioaths, and in Manner following, first take the several Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and make, subscribe see 1 W. southeast M; and audibly repeat this Declaration following. sect. r. C 1.

§. 3, See.

' III. I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely in the presence of God profess, testify and declare, That I do be thedecura j lieve that in the Sacrament of the lord's Supper there is not any Transiibftantiation of the election.

ments of Bread and Wine into the Body and Blood of Christ at or after the Consecration thereof by any Person whatsoever: And that the Invocation or Adoration of the Virgin Mary or any other Saint, and the Sacrifice of the Mass, as they are now used in the Church of Rome, are superstitious and idolatrous.

(3) And I do solemnly in the Presence of God profess, testify and declare, That I do make this Declara

tion, and every Part thereof, in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words read unto me, as they are This Declarer' % commonly understood by English Protestants, without anyevafion, Equivocation or mental Reservation tion to be full 1 ' whatsoever, 'and without any Dispensation already granted me for this Purpose by the Pope, or any other fcri^ei bu -

or Person whatsoever, or without any Hope of any such Dispensation from any Person or Aux

thority whatsoever, or without thinking that L am or can be acquitted before God or Man, or absolved of ^htcen, byi '

this Declaration or any Part thereof, although the Pope, or any other Person or Persons, or Power what Anna:, Stat. 1,

fioever, should dispense with or annul the same, or declare that it was null or void from the Beginning.' C jz. §.7.

IV. Which said Oaths and Declaration shall be in this and everysucceeding Parliament solemnly and The Tims and; publicly made and subscribed betwixt the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, by Place of taking every such Peer and Member of the House of Peers, at the Table in the Middle of the said House, before akin n/fub he take his Place in Tie said House of Peers, and whilst a full House of Peers is there with their Speaker bribing the Dc? in his Place; (2) and by every such Member of the House of Commons, at the Table in the Middle of duration.

the said House, and whilst a full House of Commons is there duly fitting with their Speaker in his Chair;

(3) and that the same be done in either House in suchlike Order or Method as each House is called over by respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of December every Peer of fhisrealm, and Member of the House of Peers, and every Peer of the Kingdom of Scotland, or of the Kingdom of Ireland, being of the Age of one and 'twenty Years or upwards, not having taken the said Oaths, and

made and subscribed the said Declaration; (2) and every Member of the said House of Commons, not memb rs of par having as aforesaid taken the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration; and every Per liament not son now, or hereafter convicted of Popish rccufancy, (4) who hereafter shall at any X ime after the said an<1 first Day of December come advisedly into or remain in the Presence of the King's Majesty or queen's jesty, or shall come into 'the Court or House where they or any of them reside, as well during the Reign of RCC, jfants con his present Majesty (whoselife God long preserve) as during the Reigns of any ihis Royal Successors Kings vi£b, forbidden or Queens of England; (5) shall incur and suffer all the Pains, Penalties, 'Forfeitures and Difnbilities in the King's or this Act mentioned or contained; (6) unless such Peer, Member or Person so convicted, do respectively inqiie<jn s pre the next Term after such his Coming or Remaining, take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said ri!cj' Declaration in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person that now is or hereafter The Penalty

shall be a Peer of this Realm, or Member of the House of Peers, or Member of the House of Commons, Menbera shall presume to do anything contrary to this Act, or shall offend in any of the Cases aforesaid; That "I. ^rlnn^nt then every such Peer and Member so offending shall from thenceforth be deemed and adjudged a popish°rjn*5°^ Recufint con', rift to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, (2) and shall forfeit and suffer as a Popish Recu

convict; (3) and shall be disabkd to hold or execute any Office or Place of Profit or Trull Civil or Military, in any of his Majesty's Realms of England or Ireland, Dominion Of Wales, or Town of Berwick

upon Tweed, or in any of his Majesty's Islands or Foreign Plantations to the said Realms belonging; (4) and shall be disabled from thenceforth 'to sit or vote in either House of Parliament, or make a Proxy in the House of Peers, (5) or to foe or use any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in Course of Law, or to prosecute any Suit in any Court of Equity, (6) or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor or Administrator of any Person, (7) or capable of any Legacy or Deed of Gift; and shall forfeit for every wilful Offence against this Act the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and received by him or them that shall sue for the same, and to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts at ivejimlnjicr, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall lie.

396 Stat. 2.

Anno tricesimo Caroli II

A.D. 1677.

Either Hmifc of

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from the said first Day of December it Parliament may f}ja]] an(j Southeast lawful to and for the House of Peers and House of Commons, or either of them respectthe: r Members t've*y» as often as they or either of them shall see Occasion, either in this present Parliament, or any other to Avear and hereafter to be held, to order and cause all_or any of the Members of their respective Houses of rarlia

subscribe as A fox efduh

ment, openly in their respective Hottfes of Parliament, to take the said Oaths, and to make and subscribe the said Declaration, at such Times, and in such Manner, as they shall appoint. (2) And if any Peer mtrary to such Order made by their said Pioufe, wilfully presume to sit therein,

Repealed by 2 Geo. 2. c. 31 §9*

shall, contrary to such Order made by their said Pioufe, wilfully presume to sit therein, without taking the said Oaths, and fulifcribing the said Declaration, according to the said Order, every such Peer or Member of the House of Peers, so presuming to sit, shall be adjudged, and is hereby declared, to be uncapable and disabled in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to lit in the said House of Peers, and give any Voice therein, either by Proxy or otherwise howsoever, during that Parliament: (3j And if any Member or Members of the House of Commons shall, contrary to such Order made by their House, wilfully presume to sit therein, without taking the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration, every such Member or Members of the House of Commons, so presuming to sit, shall be adjudged and is hereby declared to be uncapable and disabled in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever to sit in the said House of Commons, or give any Voice therein during that Parliament.

The pilots of

VIII. And be it enacted, That in every Calc where any Member, or Members of the House of com houte hfscoin" mons shall by Virtue of this Act be disabled to sit or vote in the House of Commons, then and in every monl mfabled 10 fhch Case, without any further Conviction or other Proceedings against such Member or Members, the vote, shall be Place or Places for which they or any of them were elected, is hereby declared void; (z) and a new Writ void, 'and Writs or Writs shall issue. out of the High Court of Chancery by Warrant or Warrants from the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, and by Order of the said House, for the Election of a new mem e lons ., ber or Members to serve in the House of Commons, in the Place or Places of such Member or Members so disabled, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Member or Members were naturally dead.

The King's snd

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of December queen's Sworn] one thousand LX hundred seventy and eight, every Person then being, and who after that Time shall be, a Servants shall Sworn Servant t, of the King's or Queen's Majesty, not having before that Time duly taken the Oaths, and fawar»nd?ri?ate' mae an subscrilaed the Declaration contained in an Act, intituled An act for preventing Dangers which may end subscribe the happen from Popish Recvfants, shall take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration before ex said Declaration, prefied, in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in the Manner aforesaid, either in the next Term after t Car. 2. C 2. the said first Day of December, or in the next Term after any such Person shall be so sworn a Servant; or k" ' in case of lawful Impediment by Sickness, proved upon Oath, and allowed to be such under the Hand of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the Time being, then in the next Term after such Impediment removed; (z) and if any such Person shall refuse or neglect to do the same, and yet after such Refusal or Neglect shall advisedly come into or remain in the Pretence of the King's or queen's Majesty, or shall come into the Court or House where they or any of them reside, as well during the Reign of his present Majesty, as during the Reigns of his and their Royal Successors, Kings or Queens of England, and every of them, every such Person shall be disabled to hold any Place as such sworn Servant, and shall incur and fufrer all the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities in this Act mentioned or contained.

X Provided, That nothing in this Act shall relate to or have any Effect upon any Person being a natural born Subject of the King of Portugal, who now is or hereafter shall be a sworn Servant to the queen's Majesty, not exceeding nine in Number at any one Time: (2) Nor to such Women Servants as her Majesty shall under her Hand and Seal from Time to Time for that Purpose be pleased to nominate, the said Women Servants so nominated not exceeding the Number of nine at any one Time.

XI. And be it enacted, That during the Time of taking of the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration, all ocher Matters and Proceedings, as well in the said Houses of Parliament, as in the said Court, shallceafe; (2) and the said Oaths, Declaration and Subscription, together with a Schedule of the Names of the Persons who shall by Virtue of this Act take and subscribe the same, shall be made, entered and filed in Parchment rolls from Time to Time, duly provided for that Purpose by the Clerk of the House of Lords, and the Clerk of the House of Commons, and by the Clerk of the Petty Bag in Chancery, for the several and respective Uses as aforesaid; and none of the Peers or Members shall give or pay any Pee or Reward to any such Clerk, above the Sum of twelve pence for t'ne Entry of his taking the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration: (4) All which Rolls respectively the said Clerks are hereby required from Time to Time, without any Fee or Reward, to shew to any Person desiring to look upon the same: (;,) And the said House of Peers, and House of Commons, and Court of Chancery are hereby severally empowered and required in the first Place, all other Business laid aside, to administer the said Oaths, Declaration and Subscription' respectively, as Occasion shall be from Time to Time, to all and every the Person and Persons aforesaid, duly demanding the same, according to the Directions, 'purport and Meaning of this present Act.

XII. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything herein contained, shall extend to the Prejudice of prwv^our^l*Person for coming into or remaining in the Presence of the King or queen's Majesty, who shall first lore, may come have Licence so to do by any Warrant under the Hands and Seals of six or more Privy Councillors, by into the King's Order of his Majesty's Privy Council, upon some urgent Occasion therein to be expreded, so as such LI cr queen'sl're cence exceed not the Space of ten Days, and that the said Licence be first filed and put upon Record in fence, nouvith t|le Office of the Petty Bag in Chancery, for anybody to view without Fee or Reward, and no Person be

a" lnstllsa licensed for above the Number of thirty Days in any one Year.

Offenders against

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That if any Offender contrary to this Act shall at any Time after such Offish Act that 'fence take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, in his Majesty's High Court of chan fha" take the eery, and in the manner aforesaid, every such Person shall be from thenceforth freed and discharged of and front laid Oaths, C aj] Seizures, Penalties and Lodes which he might otherwise sustain or bear for ox by reason of being a popish

3 Recusant

A Provision for the Queen to have eighteen popish Servants.

Such as have

Anno tricesimo Carol i II

Stat. 2. 397

shall be discharged of all Penalties C

Reculant convict by Virtue of this Act; (z) and shall be freed and discharged from all Disabilides and Incapacities incurred thereby; (3) so as such Freedom and Discharge extend not to restore any such Person to any Office or Place filled and supplied upon Voidance by this Add; (4) nor to any other Office till after the Expiration of one Year from the taking the said Oath, and making the Declaration aforesaid; (3) nor to make void, or at any Time discharge the said Forfeiture of five hundred Pounds, incurred as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to his Royal Highness the Duke A Provisofor the of York. Duke of York.

Sec fart I rr concerning vap\(by i IV m.fiat. I. C o, i, 17, £? 26. it £? 12 IK 3. C 4. 12 Ann, fiat, 2. C 14. 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. C 55. 3 Geo. 1. C iz. 11 Geo. 2.

C 17, 33 Geo. 2. c. 13.

Anno Regni Caroli II Regis Angliie, Scotize, Francis & Hibernia,

tricesimo prinio.

'AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster on the sixth Day of March one thousand see Iuin ' r dred seventy eight, in the one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Charles the* Second, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, sv. on the twenty seventh of May one thousand six hundred seventy nine, the following*'The former Acts passed the Royal Assent. Editions have it

q^p j the ninth Dey,

An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of two hundred and six thousand four hundred sixty two Pounds seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the nine and twentieth of September one thousand six hundred seventy seven, EXP. except the Iafl Clause.

LIV. And whereas by the Laws and Customs of this Realm the Inhabitants thereof cannot be com 7 h. C t.

'pelled against their Wills to receive Soldiers into their Houses, and to sojourn them there; '(z) Be it Soldiers shall declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer, Military or Civil, nor any other Person notbcquar whatever, shall from henceforth presume to Place, Quarter or Billet any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Sub, on n' jecl or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality or Profession whatever, without his Consent; ^jjcon^fenr1 (3) and that it shall and may be lawful for every such Subject and Inhabitant to refuse to Sojourn or Quar Q' n 1 ter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any Command, Order, Warrant or Billeting whatever. Jr

hereto, z Ann. fiat, i, C in, j Geo. I. fiat. a, C 47. 3 Geo. 1. c. 2. 21 Geo. %, C J. 33 Geo. 1. c. 6, 8, & 18. And see the annual Mutiny ars,

CAP. II.

An act for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

WHEREAS great Delays have been used by Sheriffs, Gaolers and other Officers, to whose Custody any of the King's Subjects have been committed for Criminal or supposed Criminal Matters, in < making Returns of Writs of Habeas Corpus to them directed, by Handing out an Alias and Plitrles Habeas 1 Corpus, and sometimes more, and by other Shifts to avoid their yielding Obedience to such Writs, contrary to their Duty and the known Laws of the Land, whereby many of the King's Subjects have been and hereafter may be long detained in Prison, in such Cases where by Law they are Bailable, to their great Charges and Vexation

II. For the Prevention whereof, and the more speedy Relief of all Persons imprisoned for any such Criminal or supposed Criminal Matters; (z) Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority thereof, That whensoever any Person or Persons shall bring any Ha Writs of habsas leas Corpus directed unto any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler, Minister or other Person whatsoever, for any Corpus within Person in his or their Custody, and the said Writ shall be served upon the said Officer, or left at the Gael j.hlu or Prison with any of the Under officers, Under keepers or Deputy of the said Officers or Keepers, J 7ndtbe" that the said Officer or Officers, his or their Under officers, Under keepers or Deputies, shall within three Body brought. Days after the Service thereof as aforesaid (unless the Commitment aforesaid were fortreason or Felony, if within twenty plainly and specially expressed in the Warrant of Commitment) upon Payment or Tender of the Charges M, les. cof bringing the said Prisoner, to be ascertained by the Judge or Court that awarded the same, and endorsed i'j, "'y'i4' 2C' upon the said Writ, not exceeding twelve Pence per Mile, and upon Security given by his own Bond to°f' pay the Charges of carrying back the Prisoner, if he shall be remanded by the Court or Judge to which he shall be brought according to the true Intent of this present al, and that he will not make any Escape by the Way, make Return of such Writ; (3) and bring or cause to be brought the Body of the Party so committed or restrained, unto or before the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, or the Judges or Barons of the said Court from whence the said Writ sit all issue, or unto and before such other Person or Persons before whom the said Writ is made returnable, according to the Command thereof; (4) and shall then likewise certify the true Catifes of his Detainer or Imprisonment, unless the Commitment of the said Party be in any Place beyond the Distance of twenty Miles from the Place or Places where such Court or Person is or shall be residing'; and if beyond the Distance of twenty

398 C. 2. Anno tricesimo primo Caroli II. A.D. 1679.

Such Writs how: £0 be marked.

Writs of Habeas 1 Corpus, and the i Proceedings '- thereon in Va cation time.

Persons neglecting two Terms to pray a Habeas Corpus, shall have none in Vacation time, in Pursuance of ithis al. (Officers how to be proceed ed against for mot obeying tfitch Writs.

Per Tonnes set at large not to ba recommitted but by Order of Court,

Miles, and not above one hundred Miles, then within the Space of ten Days, and if beyond the Distance of one hundred Miles, then within the Space of twenty Days, after such Delivery aforesaid, and not longer.

III. And to the Intent that no Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer may pretend Ignorance of the Import of any such Writ; (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Writs shall be marked in thh Manner, Per Statutum tricesimo primo Caroli Secundi Regis, and shall be signed by the Person that awards the Tame j 1 (3) and if any Person or Persons shall be or hand committed or detained as aforesaid, for any Crime,: unless for Felony or Treason plainly expressed in the Warrant of Commitment, in the Vacation time, and out of Term, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so committed or detained (other than Persons Convict or in Execution by legal Process) or any one on his or their behalf, to appeal or complain to the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or any one of his Majesty's Justices, either of the one Bench or of the other, or the Barons of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif; (4) and the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Justices or Barons or any of them, upon View of the Copy or Copies of the Warrant or warrants of Commitment and Detainer, or otherwise upon Oath made that such Copy or Copies were denied to be given by such Person or Persons in whose Custody the Prisoner or Prisoners is

or are detained, are hereby authorised, and required, upon Request made in Writing by such Person or Persons, or any on his, her or their Behalf, attested and fub (bribed by two Witnesses who were present at the Delivery of the same, to award and grant an Habeas Corpus under the Seal of such Court whereof h'e shall then be one of the Judges, (5) to be directed to the Officer or Officers in whose Custody the Party so committed or detained shall be, returnable immediate before the said 'Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper,

or such 'Justice, Baron or any other Justice or Baron of the Degree of the Coif of any of the said Courts;

(6) and upon Service thereof as aforesaid, the Officer or Officers, his or their Under officer or Under officers, Under keeper or Under keepers, or their Deputy, in whose Custody the Party is so committed or detained, shall within the Times respectively before limited, bring such Prisoner or Prisoners before the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or such Justices, Barons or one of them, before whom the said Writ is made returnable, and in Case of his Absence before any other of them, with the Return of such 'Writ, and the true Causes of the Commitment and Detainer; (7) and thereupon within two Days after the Party shall be brought before them, the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or such Justice or Baron before whom the Prisoner shall be brought as aforesaid, shall discharge the said Prisoner from his Imprisonment, taking his or their Recognisance, with one or more Surety or Sureties, in any Sum according to their Dif -- cretions, having regard to the Quality of the Prisoner and Nature of the Offence, for his or their Appearance in the Court of King's Bench the Term following, or at the next Assizes, Sessions or General gaol delivery of and for such County, City or Place where the Commitment was, or where the Offence was committed, or in such other Court where the said Offence is properly Cognizable, as the Case shall require, and then shall certify the said Writ with the Return thereof, and the said Recognisance or Recognizances into the said Court where such Appearance is to be made; (8) unless it shall appear unto the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or justice or Justices, or Baron or Barons, that the Party so committed is detained upon a legal Process, Order or Warrant, out of some Court that hath Jurisdiction of Criminal Matters, or by some Warrant signed and sealed with the Hand and Seal of any of the said Justices or Barons, orlbme Justice or Justices of the Peace, for such Matters or Offences for the which by the Law the Prisoner is not bailable.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall have wilfully neglected by the Space of two whole Terms after his Imprisonment, to pray a Habeas Corpus for his Enlargement, such Person so wilfully neglecting shall not have any Habeas Corpus to be granted in vacation time, in pursuance of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers, his or their Under officer or Under Officers, Under keeper or Under keepers, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to make the Returns aforesaid, or to bring the Body or Bodies of the Prisoner or Prisoners according to the Command of the said Writ, within the respective Times aforesaid, or upon Demand made by the Prisoner or person in his Behalf, shall refuse to deliver, or within the Space of six Hours after Demand shall not deliver, to the Person so demanding, a true Copy of the Warrant or Warrants of Commitment and Detainer of such Prisoner, which he and they are hereby required to deliver accordingly; all and every the Plead Gaolers and Keepers of such prisons, and such other Person in whose Custody the Prisoner shall be detained, shall for the first Offence forfeit to the Prisoner or Party grieved the Sum of one hundred Pounds; (2 j and for the second Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and shall and is hereby made incapable to hold or execute his said Office; (3) the f.iid Penalties to be recovered by the Prisoner or Party grieved, his Executors or Administrators, against such Offender, his Executors or Administrators, by any Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Injunction, Wager of Law, or Stay of prosecution by Non vult ulterius prosequi, or otherwise, shall be admitted or allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; (4) and any Recovery or Judgement at the Suit of any Party grieved, shall be a sufficient Conviction for the first Offence; and any after Recovery or Judgement at the Suit of a Party grieved for any Offence after the first Judgement, shall be a sufficient Conviction to biing the Officers or Person within the said Penalty for the second Offence.

VI. And for the prevention of unjust Vexation by reiterated c.onimitroents for the same Offence; (2) Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons which shall be delivered or set at large upon any Habeas Corpus., shall at any Time hereafter be again imprisoned or committed for the same Offence by any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than by the legal Order and Process of such Court wherein he or they shall be bound by Recognisance to appear, or other Court having Jurisdiction of the Csufcj (3) and if any other Person or Persons shall knowingly contrary to this Act recommit or imprison, or knowingly procure or cause to be recommitted or imprisoned, for the same Offence or pretended Offence, any

aiding or abiding the rein, then he

or

gty.

Person or Persons delivered or set at large as aforesaid, or be knowingly

C 2. 3.99,

or they shall forfeit to the Prisoner or Party grieved the Sum of five hundred Pounds; any colourable Pretence or Variation in the Warrant or Warrants of Commitment notwithstanding, to be recovered as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be committed for Perfom crm

High Treason or Felony, plainly and specially expressed in the Warrant of Commitment, upon his Prayer mined for Trea -- or Petition in' open Court the first Week of the Term, or first Day of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or Jfn or fc}°tg General gaol delivery, to be brought to his Trial, hall not be indibled sometime in the next Term, Sef —

fions of Oyer and Terminer or General G ol delivery, after such Commitment; it shall and may be lawful o^let to bail.

to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench and Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General gaol delivery, and they are hereby required, upon Motion to them made in open Court the last Day of the Term, Sessions or gaol delivery, either by the Prisoner or any one in his Behalf, to set at Liberty the

Prisoner upon Bail, unless it appear to the Judges and Justices upon Oath made, that the witnesses for the King could not be producedithe fameterm, Sessions or General gaol delivery; (z) and if any person or Per And t. ied ths fons committed as aforesaid, upon his Prayer or Petition in open Court the first Week of the Term or first Term, caster of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General gaot delivery, to be brought to his Trial; shall not vent 'o be indibled and tried the second Term, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General gaol delivery, after his n ' Commitment, or upon his Trial shall be acquitted; he shall be discharged from his Imprisonment.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to discharge out of Prison any Person charged in Debt, or other aistion, or with Process in any Civil Cause, but that after he shall be discharged' of his Imprisonment for such his Criminal Offence, he shall be kept in custody according to the Law, for i'uch other Suit.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Sub -- jebls of this Realm, shall be committed to any Prison or in Custody of any Officer or Officers whatsoever, for any Criminal or supposed Criminal Matter, that the said Person shall not be removed from the Paid Prison and Custody into the Custody of any other Officer or Officers; (2) unless it be by Habeas Corpus or some other legal Writ; or where the Prisoner is delivered to the Courtable or other inferior Officer to carry such;

to some Common Gaol; (3) or where any Person is sent by Order of any Judge of Assize or juf tiee of the Peace, to any common Workhouse or House of Correction; (4.) or where the Prisoner is removed from: one Prison or Place to another within the same County, in order to his or her Trial or Discharge in due Course of Law;. (3) or in Case of sudden Fire or Infection, or other jneceflity;. .(6) and if any Person or Persons shall after such Commitment aforesaid make out and signor countersign any.

Warrant or Warrants for such Removal aforesaid, contrary to this Add; as well he that makes or signs, or countersigns such Warrant or Warrants as the Officer or Officers that obey or execute the same, shall suffer and incur the Pains and Forfeitures in this Act before mentioned, both for the first and second Offence re spebtively, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid by the 'Party grieved.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any.prisoner and Prisoners as aforesaid, to move and obtain his or their Habeas Corpus swell out of the High Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, as out of the Courts of King's Bench or Common 1

Pleas, or either of them; (2) and if the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or any Judge or Judges, The Penalty Baron or Barons for the Time being, of the Degree of the Coif, of any of the Courts aforesaid, in the for denying a vacation time, upon View of the Copy or Copies of the Warrant or Warrants of Commitment or De Habeas corps*r. tainer, or upon Oath made that such Copy or Copies were denied as aforesaid, shall deny any Writ of Habeas Corpus by. this a<fvt required to be granted, being moved for as aforesaid, they shall severally forfeit to the Prisoner or Party grieved the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to lie recovered in Manner aforesaid.

XI. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Habeas Corpus according to the Habeas Corpus'

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, may be directed and run into any County Palatine, the Cinque Ml run in Ports, or other privileged Places within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Her fr

wick upon Tweed, and the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. leg^plafesl'*

XII. And for preventing illegal Imprisonments in Prisons beyond the Seas; (z) Be it further enacted by nosufreftsml i the Authority aforesaid, That no Subject of this Realm that now is, or hereafter shall be an Inhabitant or be sent "to So refiant of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Bertvick upon Tweed, shall or may reign Prisons.

lit sent Prisoner into Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, Tangier, or into Parts, Garrisons, Blands or Places 2 3: 4*.

beyond the Seas, which are or at any hereafter shall be within or without the Dominions of his Majesty -

Heirs or Successors; (3) and that every such Imprisonment is hereby enabled and adjudged to be illegal;

(4.) and that if any of the said Subjects now is or hereafter shall be so imprisoned, every such Person and Persons so imprisoned, shall and may for every such Imprisonment maintain by Virtue of this Act an Ablion

or Actions of False Imprisonment, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, against the Person or Persons

by whom he or she shall be so committed, detained, imprisoned, sent Prisoner or transported, contrary

to the true Meaning of this Act, and against all or any Person or Persons that shall frame, contrive, write,

seal or countersign any Warrant or "Writing for such Commitment, Detainer, Imprisonment or Transportation,

or shall be advising, aiding or assisting in the same, or any of th. m > (3) and the plaintiff in every inch The Penalty; ?-

Ablion shall have Judgement to recover his treble Costs, besides Damages, which Damages so to be; givent

shall not be less than five hundred Pounds; (6) in which Ablion no Delay, Stay or Stop of Proceeding by

Rule, Order or Command, nor no Injunction, Protection or Privilege whatsoever, nor any more than one

Imparlance shall be allowed, excepting such Rule of the Court wherein the Ablion shall depend, made in

open Court, as shall be thought in Justice necessary, for special Cause to be expressed in the said Rule;

(7) and the Person or Persons who shall knowingly frame, contrive, write, seal or countersign any Warrant for such Commitment, Detainer or Transportation, or shall so commit, detain,: imprison or transport any person or Persons contrary to this Act, or be any ways advising, aiding or assisting therein being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be disabled from thenceforth to bear any Office of Trust or Profit within the said Realm of Englandj, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any of the Islands, Territories

400

16 R, a. C 5.

Per Tonnes receiving Earnest up; n Contracts to be transported, excepted. Persons convict ed of Felony, and praying Transportation, excepted Imprisonments before the first of June 1679. excepted.

Offenders may be sent to be tried where their Offences were committed.

Prosecutions for Offences within V hat Time to be made.

After the Assizes proclaimed, no Prisoner to be removed, but before the Judge of Assize.

In Suits for Offence against this Law, the Defendants may plead the General issue, See.

Persons committed as Acedia ries before to Petty treason of "Felony, shall not be removed or bailed otherwise than before this ab made.

C 3. Anno tricesimo primo Caroli II. A.D. 1679.

or Dominions thereunto belonging; (8) and shall incur and sustain the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures limited, ordained and provided in and by the Statute of Provision and Presinunire made in the sixteenth Year of King Richard the Second; (9) and be incapable of any Pardon from the King, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Forfeitures, Lodes or Disabilities, or any of them.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to give Benefit to any Person who shall by Contrail in Writing agree with any Merchant or Owner of any Plantation, or other Person whatsoever, to be transported to any Parts beyond the Seas, and receive Earned upon such Agreement, although that afterwards such Person shall renounce such Contrail.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons lawfully conviiled of any Felony, shall in open Court pray to be transported beyond the Seas, and the Court shall think fit. to leave him or them in Prison for that Purpose, such Person or Persons may be transported into any Parts beyond the Seas; this Act, or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed or taken, to extend to the Imprisonment of any Person before the first Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy and nine, or to anything advised, procured, or otherwise done, relating to such Imprisonment; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons at any Time refiant in this Realm, shall have committed any Capital Offence in Scotland or Ireland, or any of the Islands, or Foreign Plantations of the King, his Heirs or Successors, where he or she ought to be tried for such Offence, such Person or Persons may be sent to such Place, there to receive such Trial, in such Manner as the same might have been used before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be sued, impleaded, molested or troubled for any Offence against this Act, unless the Party offending be sued or impleaded for the same within two Years at the most after such Time wherein the Offence shall be committed, in Case the Party grieved shall not be then in Prison; and if he shall bein Prison, then within the Space of two Years after the Decease of the Person imprisoned, or his or her Delivery out of Prison, which shall first happen.

XVIII. And to the Intent no Person may avoid his Trial at the Assizes or General gaol delivery, by procuring his Removal before the Assizes, at such Time as he cannot be brought back to receive his Trial there; (z) Be it enacted, That after the Assizes proclaimed for that County where the Prisoner is detained, no Person shall be removed from the Common Gaol upon any Habeas Corpus granted in Pursuance of this All, but upon any such Habeas Corpus shall be brought before the Judge of Assize in open Court, who is thereupon to do what to Justice shall appertain.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That after the Assizes are ended, any Person or Persons detained, may have his or her Habeas Corpus according to the Direction and Intention of this Act.

XX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Information, Suit or Action shall be brought or exhibited again! any Person or Persons for any Offence committed or to be committed against the Form of this Law, it shall be lawful for such Defendants to plead the General Issue, that they are Not Guilty, or that they owe nothing, and to give such special Matter in Evidence to the Jury that shall try the same, which Matter being pleaded had been good and sufficient Matter Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants against the said Information, Suit or Action, and the said Matter shall he then as available to him or them, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had sufficiently pleaded, set forth or alleged the same Matter in Bar or Discharge of such Information, Suit or Action.

XXI. And because many Times Persons charged with Petty Treason or Felony, or as Accessaries thereunto, are committed upon Suspicion only, whereupon they are bailable, or not, according as the Circum £ making out that Suspicion are more or less weighty, which are beil known to the Justices of £ Peace that committed the Persons, and have the Examinations before them, or to other Justices of the Peace £ in the County (2) Be it therefore enacted, That where any Person shall appear to be committed by any Judge or Justice of the Peace, and charged as Accessary before the Fact, to any Petty Treason or Felony, or upon Suspicion thereof, or with Suspicion of Petty Treason or Felony, which Petty Treason or Felony shall be plainly and specially expressed in the Warrant of Commitment, that such Person shall not be removed or bailed by Virtue of this Actor in any other Manner than they might have been before the Making. of this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for Reingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire in the Temple. The Cyro; grapher shall certify the Notes of Fines lost or burnt. A Copy of such Certificate to be let up near the Common Pleas: And at the Assizes or Quarter sessions, The Justices of the Common Pleas may upon Examination direct the Cyrographer to new engross the Note and Foot of Fines burnt or lost. And shall subscribe their Names at the bottom thereof. The same shall be filed. The Force and Effect of such Fines. The Judges Subscription to be certified, together with the Note and Foot of such Fines. All this to be done without Fee.

EXP.

!!! End of the misplaced section (?) !!!

Anno sexto Guglielmi & Mariae

C 1. 569

De Annis Regni GUGLIELMI & MARINI sexto & septimo.

; 2 Car, 2. C 4,

Tunnage and Poundage given for 5 Years.

' AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the twentieth Day of March, Anno Dorn. i63g, in the Southeast cond Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, WILLI amand MARY, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King and Queen, Defenders of the

' Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the twelfth Day ' of November 1694.. being the sixth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported.

Most Gracious Sovereigns,

THE Commons assembled in Parliament, reposing Trust and Confidence in Your Majesties, for the mj(le perpetua guarding and defending of the Seas against all Persons who shall attempt to invade this Your Realm, ceo, j. C r. or to disturb Your subjects in their Trade and Commerce, towards the defraying the necessary Charge9 Ann. C 6. thereof, and also for the better enabling Your Majesties to prosecute the present War against the French 3 Gco< »C17< King with Vigour, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto Your Majesties the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money given and granted unto His late Majesty King Charles the Second for his Life, by an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Year of His Reign, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money buyable upon Merchandise exported and imported, according to the Rates in the said Act mentioned, and Rules and Orders thereunto annexed (other than such concerning which it is otherwise provided or ordained by an Act made in the last or in this present Parliament) and do most humbly beseech Your Majesties, that it may be enated;

II. And be it enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the aforesaid Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise, be levied, colleted and paid unto their Majesties for the Term of Five Years, and no longer, to commence on the twenty sixth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four; and that the aforesaid Act, and every Article, Rule and Clause therein mentioned, and also an Order of the Commons in Parliament assembled, made in Pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to the aforesaid Act, for settling of Officers Fees, dated the seventeenth of May one ja Car. s. C 4. thousand six hundred sixty two, and signed by Sir edwardturner then Speaker, shall be of full Force and revived.

effet to all Intents and Purposes, during the said Term of five Years, as fully and in like Manner, as if the same were particularly and at large recited and set down in the Body of this Act.

ITI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of His Majesty's Customs and Subsidies: As also an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said late King, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in His Majesty's Customs:

And also an Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle: And also One other AT made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking off Aliens Duty upon Commodities of the Growth, Product, and manufadl ure of the Nation: And also One other AT made in the said Twenty fifth Year of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade: And also One other AT made in the first Year of the late King James the Second, intituled An additional Act for Improvement of Tillage, be of full Force and effet during the said Term of five Years.

Provided nevertheless, and be it declared and enacted, Thar nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to determine any Articles or Clauses in any of the before mentioned ats, 'which were appointed and intended to be perpetual, or which are continued by any Act of Parliament, for any Time which will not expire within the said Term of five Years, but that the same and every of them shall continue and remain in Force, as if this present Act had not been made; but such of the said ats, and such Clauses in any of them, as would otherwise determine within the said Term of five Years, shall hereby be revived, and lland, continue, and be in Force for the said Term of five Years only, and no longer.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods,

Wares or Merchandise, hall happen to be imported into this Kingdom upon the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety four, and not landed or put on Shore upon the said Day, all the said Goods so imported, and not landed, shall be subject unto like Duties, Rates, Payments and Penalties, as if the same had been imported after the Commencement of this Grant; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That two of their Majesties Commissioners of the Customs, first named in the Commission they are now authorised to at, shall respectively take their corporal Oaths before the Chancellor or Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or Master of the Rolls, for the time being; which they and every of them respectively are hereby authorised and required to acinini

Vol. III 4d ' iter

Several Acts re vived for 5 Years.

12 Car. 2. C 19.

13 & 14 Car. 2. C 11.

22 Car. 2. C 13. 25 Car. 2. C 6. 15 Car. 2. c. 7.

I'jnc, 2* C ig*

Goods landed Upon 23 December to pay Duty.

Commissioners and Officeisof CI ft rr.s.totake Oath of Execution, upon Penalty of for!citing 1 he r o.live,

Anno sexto Guglielmi & Mari.

G. 2j 3.

A.D. 1694.

Certificate of Oath taken to be returned to the Sessions.

Debentures, Sec. due since December 24. to see paid.

fter to them, on or before the first Day of January next ensuing, for the true and faithful Execution, to the heft: of their Knowledge and Power, of their federal respective Trusts committed to their Charge and in i'pection, and, that they, will not take or receive any Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, other than their respective salaries, and what is or shall be allowed them from the Crown, or the regular Fees established by Law, for any Service done or to be done in the Execution of their Employment in the Customs, on any Account whatsoever. And every other of the Laid Commissioners, and the Patent Officers, and every of their Deputies, Clerks or Servants, and all other Officers who have or shall have any Employment in or about their Majesties Customs within the Port of London, shall before the first Day of February next ensuing, or at their respective Admissions hereafter to their respective Employments, take the said Oath before any Two Commissioners of the Customs, who are hereby authorised to administer the same unto them, after they hall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid. And all and every such other Patent Officers, and every of their Deputies, Clerks or Servants, and all other Officers who have or shall have any Employment in or about their Majesties Customs in the Out Ports, or elsewhere, shall before the five and twentieth Day of March next ensuing, or at their respective Admissions into their respective Employments, take the said Oath before Two Justices of the Peace, in the County, Town, or Place, where his or their Employments shall, be, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same accordingly. And when any new Commission shall be at anytime hereafter made or granted for the constituting of Commissioners of the Customs, the said Oath shall be administered and taken in like Manner by the several and respective new Commissioners, as is, before directed. And if any of the said Commissioners or Officers, their Deputies, Clerks or Servants, shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oath in such Manner as is hereby directed and appointed, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit such his Office or Employment.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons hereby respectively authorised and required to administer the Oath hereby appointed to be taken, shall certify the taking thereof to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, City or Place, where such Oath shall be administered and taken; which Certificate shall be recorded and kept amongst the Rolls of the said General Quarter sessions.

VII. And least any Doubt should arise by the Intermission or Discontinuance of the Duties hereby granted, whether Debentures for any goods and Merchandise exported, or any Allowances or Abatements for any Damage or defects upon any Goods or Merchandise imported, or for over entries, which according to the ordinary Course of the Customs ought to have been made or paid, shall be due and payable out of the Duties hereby granted; it is hereby further enacted, That all such Debentures, Allowances and Abatements, as have incurred or grown due, according to the common Rules and Course of the Customs, finee the four and twentieth Day of December in the Year of ouc Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety; shall still remain due and payable, and be allowed in their ordinary Course, as if no such Intermission or Discontinuance had been made.

Parliament to be held once in 3 Years.

4 Ed. 3. C 14. 36 Ed. 3. C 10. 16 Car. 2, 'c. 1.

i W. Sc M. fess. 2. C 2.

By 1 Geo. 1. Bat, 2. C 3s. Parliaments are to continue for 7 Years.

Writs to be If

No Parliament to last longer than 3 Years.

Present Parliament to cease r November 1696

CAP. III.

An act for granting to his Majesty an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year and for applying the yearly Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds for five Years, out of the Duties of Tonnage and Poundage,

CAP. II.

An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments.

Whereas by the ancient Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, frequent Parliaments ought to be held; and whereas frequent and new Parliaments tend very much to the happy Union and good Agreement of the King and People; 'we your Majesties most loyal and obedient Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do most: humbly beseech Your most Excellent Majesties, that it may be declared and enacted in this present Parliament; and it is hereby declared and enacted by the King's and Queen's most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth a Parliament shall be held once in Three Years at the least.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within three Years at the farthest, from

fuui out once in and after the Dissolution of this present Parliament, and so from time to time for ever hereafter, within 3 Years. three Years at the farthest, from and after the Determination of every other Parliament, legal Writs under

the Great Seal shall beiftued by Directions of Your Majesties, Your Heirs and Successors, for calling, af fembling and holding another new Parliament,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from henceforth no Parliament whatsoever, that shall at any Time hereafter be called, assembled or held, shall have any Continuance longer than for three Years only at the farthest, to be accounted from the Day on which by the Writs of Summons the said Parliament shall be appointed to meet.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Parliament shall cease and determine on the first Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, unless their Majesties shall think fit to dissolve it sooner.

1'artlcr premifio ns relating to Parliament, 7 W. 3. C 4. 7 8 TV. 3. C j, 15 25. 10 S' 11 TV. 3. C 7. 11 * 12 TV. 3. C 2. fe. 151. 12 *13 TV, 3.

t. 3 & 10. 2 3 Ann. C 18. 6 Ann. C 7 £? 23.9 Ann. C 5. 10 Ann. C 19 23. 1 Geo % 1. fiat. 2. c 38 & 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23.

8 Geo. 2. c. 30, 9 Geo. 2. C 38, 11 Geo. 2. c. 24. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

CAP. IV.

An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices ofconstable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon juric s.

WHEREAS the Art of the Apothecary is of great and general Use and Benefit, by Reason of their constant and necessary Assistance to His Majesty's subjects, which should oblige them solely to attend the Duty of their Professions; yet by Reason that they are compelled to serve several Parish, ' Ward, and Leet Offices, in the Places where they live, and are frequently summoned to serve on Juries and Inquests, which take up great Part of their Time, they cannot perform the Trulls reposed in them as 1 they ought, nor attend the Sick with such Diligence as is required: And whereas King James the First, ' by His Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, did incorporate the Apothecaries exercisin^ that Art within London and seven Miles Compass, by the Name of The Master, Wardens, and Society of the Art ' and Mystery of the Apothecaries of the City of London

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, uiing and exercising, oi that hereafter shall use and exercise, the Art of an Apothecary within the said City of London, and seven Miles thereof, being Free of the said Society, and who already have been, or hereafter shall be duly examined of his Skill in the said Mystery, and shall be approved of for the same, and every of them, for io long as he or they shall use and exercise the said Art, and no longer, shall and may at all Times hereafter be freed and exempted from the several Offices of Constable, Scavenger, Overseer of the Poor, and all other Parish, Ward, and Leet Offices, and of and from the being put into or serving upon any juries or Inquests; and if at any Time hereafter any such Person or Pei soils using the said Art, and being qualified as aforesaid, shall be chosen or defied into any of the said Offices, or returned, required, or appointed to lcrve in any Jury, Leet; orln quest, or be disquieted or disturbed by Reason thereof, that then such Person or Persons, producing a tefli monial under the common Seal of the said Corporation; of such his Examination, Approbation, and Freedom, to the Person or Persons, by whom he shall be so elected or appointed, or by or before whom be shall be so summoned, returned, or required to serve or hold any of the said Offices or Duties, shall be absolutely discharged from the same, and such Nomination, Election, Return, and Appointment shall be utterly void, and of none Effeflj any Order, Custom, Law, or Statute, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons using and exercising, or that hereafter shall use and exercise the said Art of an Apothecary within any other Parts of this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and who have been brought up and served, or hereafter shall be brought up and serve in the said Art as an Apprentice, by the Space of seven Years, according to the Statute of the fifth of Queen Elizabeth, shall likewise from henceforth be freed and exempted from all and singular the Offices and Duties aforesaid, within the several Counties, Cities, and Places, where they live and inhabit, f so long as he or they shall use and exercise the said Art, and no longer; and if any Person or Persons so qualified shall be elected or chosen into any of the said Offices, or returned to serve in any Jury, Leet, orlnquest, such Nomination, Election, Return, and Appointment, shall be void, unless such Person or Persons shall voluntarily consent and agree to hold such Office, or serve upon such Jury, Leet, or Inquest. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt or excuse any Apothecary that is or shall, before the Commencement of this Act, be elected or appointed to serve any of the said Offices, from serving in the said Offices for the usual Time for which he was so elected and appointed. Provided always, That this Act shall continue for the Space of feveri Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 9 Geo. 1. Cap. 8. §. i.j

CAP. V.

An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further or more certain Incerefts in such Annuities; and in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the same, for raising Moneys for carrying on the War against France.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of this present Parliament made in a Session which was held in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Kinjj William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of hxcise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance we Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, certain Rates or Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, Vinegar, Cyder, Perry, Brandy, and other Liquors or Commodities, therein enumerated and mentioned, are granted, charged, and made payable, during the Space and Term of Ninety and nine Years, commencing from the five and twentieth Day of January in the Year of Our

Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and two, which Rates or Duties are thereby appointed to be levied,

collected, and paid, during the said Term of ninety and nine Years, and to be brought into the Re

4 D 2 4 ceipt

Apothecaries within London, and 7 Miles thereof, exempt from Offices,

Country Apothecaries, who have served 7 Years, exempted from Offices,

5 El. C 4.

Apothecaries already chosen^exempted. This A to continue 7 Years,

Farther continued by 1 Anr., j}att I, r. XI

4 & 5 be MC. 3.

C r. Anno sexto & Guglielmi III A.D. 1694.

' ceipt of Exchequer, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said Act are prescribed, mentioned, or referred unto: And it was thereby enacted, That it should or might be lawful for any Persons, Natives or Foreigners, tocon' tribute towards the advancing the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds for the Purposes therein mentioned, by paying into the Receipt of Exchequer, such Sum or Sums of Money, by such Time, and upon such Terms respectively, as in the said Act are particularly mentioned and expressed:

II. And whereas by another Act of this present Parliament, made in a Session held in the fifth and 5 C 6 W. & M. ' sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Mar.

*0. ' jesties several Rates and Duties upon Tunnage of Ships, and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors,

' for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, diverse Impositions, Rates and Duties for and upon the Tunnage of such Ships and Vessels as are therein mens

tioned, are granted and made payable, during the Term of four Years, commencing from the first Day

' ofjune in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety four: And it was thereby further en acted. That from and after the seventeenth Day of May, which should be in the Year of our Lord one I ' thousand six hundred ninety seven, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid to His Majesty and the late Queen fof Blessed Memory) their Heirs and successors, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors therein expressea, by way of Excise, certain additional Races and Duties therein particularly expressed;

' and the said Impositions, Rates, or Duties, so to arise by or upon the Tunnage of Ships or Vessels,

' granted for the Term of four Years, as aforesaid; and the said additional Rates or Duties of Excise, so granted and made payable for ever by the Act last mentioned, are to be raised, levied, and collected, and to be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the same Act are prescribed: And it is hereby further enacted, That each Weekly or other Payment, arising by and out of the Duties and Impositions granted by the Act last mentioned, should, by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, from time to time, as the same should be paid in, be separated and divided into five seventh Parts, and two seventh Parts: And it was thereby enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any Persons, Natives or So ' reigners, to contribute towards the advancing of the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds (Part of the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned) by paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, such Sum and Sums of Money, within such Time, and upon the several and respective Terms of having and receiving certain Annuities, for one, two, or three Lives, according to the several Rates

and Proportions as are in the same Act particularly expressed, as by the said several Acts of Parliament

(Relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear

4 & 5 W. & M.*III. And whereas by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act, which granted certain Duties of Excise,

*3 'to secure Recompenses and Advantages to the Persons that should advance the Sum of ten hundred thou

£ '*' Pounds, as aforesaid, and another Act of this present Parliament, for supplying the Deficiency of the

'*Money, which was to be raised by the Act last mentioned, and by virtue or in pursuance of the Clauses

' relating to the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds in the said Act, imposing a Duty of Tun ' nage upon Ships, and additional Rates of Excise, as aforesaid, diverse Persons as well Natives as So

reigners, have actually advanced and contributed, and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, several Sums of Money, amounting in the whole to thirteen hundred thousand Pounds, upon the several and respective Terms in the same Acts mentioned in relation to such Contributions; and for Part thereof, to wit, for the Sum of nine hundred eighty one thousand six hundred and nineteen Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence, or thereabouts, so advanced and contributed, the respective Contributors of the same are or were intituled to have, receive, and enjoy, for and during several Angle Lives only (that is to say)

during the Life of every such Contributor, or the Nominee of such Contributors respectively, an act An act' nuity, yearly Rent, or Payment, after the Rate of fourteen Pounds of lawful English) Money for every hundred Pounds so advanced or contributed, payable at the four most usual Feasts in the Year by equal Portions:

IV. And whereas the Persons, who are or may be intituled to such Estates for Angle Lives in the said Annuities, or some of them, are or may be willing and desirous (for a reasonable Price or Consideration

have such their respective Estates for single Lives changed or converted into a certain Term or Terms for ninety six Years, to be computed from the five and twentieth Day of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, of and in such or the like Annuities as they have for single Lives, as aforesaid, or that they, or such as they shall nominate, his, her, or their Executors, ' Administrators, and Assigns respectively (for the like Price or Consideration) shall or may be intituled to have, receive, and enjoy the like Annuity, from and after the Determination of his, her, or their Estate for a single Life, as aforesaid, for and during the Residue which shall be then to come and unexpired of the said Term of ninety six Years; and in Cases where the present Owner of an Annuity for a single Life, as aforesaid, is or may be unwilling (if any such be) to purchase a further or more certain Estate

Interest therein, it is likely that some other Person or Persons is or may be desirous to be admitted (though at a Rate or Consideration something higher) to purchase a future Estate or Interest in such or the like Annuity or Annuities, to take Effect from and after the Determination of the Term for the single Life in being, and to continue for and during the Residue and Remainder of the said Term of ninety six i Years, which shall be then to come and unexpired: 'Now for the Encouragement of such Persons as shall voluntarily contribute or advance, at the respective Rates herein after mentioned, any Moneys into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for such further or more certain Estates or Interests, as aforesaid, and for the better supplying of Moneys (with as much Ease, and at as little Charge, as may be) for the carrying on the War against the French King;

3

V Be

C 5 573

V Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Ary i'crfon Lords Spritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au having j.; ]. per thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or So, fj^ec reigners, being (as original Contributors, or by mesne Alignments, or by other lawful Ways and Means) ais may turn intituled to any Estate for one Life (his own, or the Life of any other Person) of or in any Annuity pur it into an Estate chased or obtained upon the acts aforesaid, or any of them, at the said Rates of one hundred Pounds for of osvwrsfor every fourteen Pounds per Annum, at any Time before the four and twentieth Day of "July one thousand 63*

six hundred ninety five, to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, so much Money as every or any such Annuity, being computed for four Years and an half, doth or mall amount to (that is to say) Every such Person shall or may pay to his Majesty's Ufc, for every Hundred Pounds that was paid for the single Life in an Annuity of fourteen Pounds per Annwn, the Sum of sixty three Pounds more for changing or converting the same into a certain Term for the said ninety six Years, or for a further Interest, to take Eftetft after the Estate for Life, as aforesaid, and in the same Proportion for higher or larger Annuities; and every such Person, on such Payment made, shall immediately have one or more Talley or Tallies, importing the Receipt of the Consideration Money so paid, and upon every such Talley there shall be written proper Words purporting (at the Election of the Contributor, or of the Person by him authorised to pay in his Money) that such Payment is made either in Consideration of changing and converting such his Annuity for Life into a certain and absolute Estate or Term for the said ninety six Years, or else in Consideration of a like Annuity, to be payable to him or them, or to such as he or they shall nominate, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Determination of such Estate for Life, during the then Residue of the said ninety six Years, and that by or upon the making every such Payment, as aforesaid, in every Case where the Talley shall import the changing or convening the Estate for Life into a Term of ninety six Years, the Person or Persons so contributing the said Consideration Money, or the Person or Persons to be nominated, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, ad ministrators, and Assigns, shall be intituled to have, receive, and enjoy, and shall have, receive, and enjoy, and shall have a good, sure, and absolute Estate and Interest of and in an Annuity, yearly Rent, or Payment (equal by the Year to the Annuity which he, she, or they had before for one Life) for and during the said whole Term of ninety six Years, to be paid and payable out of some of the Funds in the said acts mentioned (that is to say) out of such of them respectively, as the Annuity for Life was by the said Act charged upon, and to be paid at the four most usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, as the Annuities by the said former Acts are payable; and in all such Cases the present Estates for Life shall be understood to be merged or extinguished in the said Term of Years; and that in every Case where the said Tallies shall import the Consideration Money to be paid for a future Interest, to take effect either in the Person that contributes the same, or in any others to be nominated as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so contributing the said Consideration Money, or so to be nominated, his, her or their Executors, administrators and Assigns, shall presently have a good, sure and absolute Estate vested in him, her or them by this Act, and which shall take Eftedl (as a future Interest) after the Determination of the Estate for Life, and continue and endure, during so long Time as shall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the said Term of ninety six Years; and in the Cases last mentioned it is to be understood, that the present Estate for Life is continued.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being intituled Person having an to any Estate for one Life in being, in any such present Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, shall not be estate for Life fore the said four and twentieth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety five, advance and pay into not taking ad the Receipt of the Exchequer, such Rate or Consideration Money as is before mentioned, for changing vantage befwe^ such his, her or their Estate for Life, into a Term certain, or for a future Interest as aforesaid, that then yfng 70k flail and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, Natives or have a Term of Foreigners (having or not having any Property or Interest in such Estate for Life) at any Time or Times 96 Yearscharged. after the said four and twentieth Day of July, and on or before the twelfth Day of November in the with the former Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, to contribute, advance and pay into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, so much Money as any such Annuity, being computed for five Years, doth or chafing thejean shall amount to (that is to say) For every Hundred Pounds that was paid for the single Life, in an An mines is enlarged nuity of fourteen Pounds a Year, there shall be paid in all the Cases last mentioned, the Sum of seventy ly W. 3. Pounds for the said Term of ninety six Years (to commence and be reckoned as aforesaid, and to be charged with and subject to the present Estate for Life) of and in the same or the like Annuity, and there shall be paid a Rate or Consideration in the same Proportion for Annuities exceeding fourteen Pounds a Year and every such Person, on such Payment made, shall immediately have a Talley or Tallies importing the Receipt of the Consideration Money so paid; and upon every such Talley proper Words shall be written, signifying that such Payment is made in Consideration that such Contributor or Contributors, or such Person or Persons as shall be named by him, her or them, or by such as he, she or they shall authorise to pay in the Money, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, are to have and enjoy the said Terms of ninety six Years in such Annuity, charged with and subject nevertheless to the said particular Estate for Life then in being; and that by or upon the making of every such Payment, after the Rate of seventy Pounds per Centum, the Person or Persons so contributing or advancing the Consideration Money, or the Person or Persons to be nominated as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have a good Estate or Interest in every or any such Annuity so to be purchased or paid for, during the said Term of ninety six Years (subject nevertheless to the said particular Estate for Life in being) and after the Determination of such particular Estate for Life, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intituled to have, receive and enjoy, such Annuity or yearly pent or Payment so purchased or paid for, during all the Rest and Residue which shall be then to come and unexpired of and in the said Term of ninety six Years, to be paid and payable out of such of the said Funds as the Annuity for Life was first

charged

574

C 5.

Anno sexto & Guglielmi III A.D. 1694.

Order in the Exchequer an i Appropriation of the Duties given in the former Atts to Payment of this new Advance,

Moneys by this Act advanced to be Tax free.

Guardian may advance for Infants,

Punishment upon Person that shall fraudulently advance Money, his Komi nee being dead.

Manner of Orders upon the changingestates,

charged upon, or payable out of, and to be paid at the four most usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the levying and ftri king of the several and respective Tallies before mentioned. Orders (according to the Form and Course of the Exchequer, in Parchment or Vellum) shall be drawn and signed, for making the Payments which by this Act are to be made, and according as by this Act they are appointed to be made, upon the several and respective Annuities so to be purchased or obtained in Pursuance hereof; which Orders shall not he determinable, revocable or countermandable; and the Moneys payable by such Orders, or any of them, of any Part thereof, shall be assignable and transferrable, in such and the same Manner and Form, as are enacted, prescribed or appointed in and by the abovesaid Act, which granted Duties of Excise to secure Recompenses and Advantages to such as Should advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, for or concerning the Orders which were to be given to the Contributors upon that Act; and so much of the several Rates and Duties of Excise, and of the said Imposition arising by the Tunnage of Ships and Vessels, granted by the several Acts abovementioned, as is and shall be sufficient to pay and satisfy the several Sums of Money which shall from time to time grow due and be payable upon the said several Annuities to be purchased and obtained in Pursuance of this Act, and which shall respectively be charged upon the Rates, Duties or impositions aforesaid, is and shall be appropriated and applied, and the same is hereby.appropriated, to and for the Payment of the said several Annuities to be purchased and obtained in Pursuance of this Act, according as the same shall become due by the Purport and true Meaning thereof; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, in Respect to all and every the Officers and other Persons that are or ought to be concerned in the Payments thereof, as are appointed and enacted (in case of diverting or mifipplying, or not paying) in and by the said Act which granted Duties of Excise to secure Recompenses and Advantages to such as Should advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds; and every Article, Rule and Clause in the said last mentioned Act contained, as for and concerning any Penalties, Forfeitures or Disabilities, upon any Officers or others, for misapplying or diverting any of the Duties or Sums of Money thereby gramed, shall be of full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes, during the Continuance of the said Term of ninety six Years; and the Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and paid, in such Manner and Form as the Penalties in the Act last mentioned are appointed to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered or paid; in which Suit no Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed. And the said Officers are hereby required to keep Books and Registers, and to make Entri s of the Names of all Person; who shall advance Moneys on this Act, and of all Persons to be nominated as aforesaid, and of the several Sums so advanced, and the Times of paying in the same respectively, and of the Nature of each Payment to be made in Pursuance of th is Act, to which all Persons concerned shall have Access; all which the said Officers for the time being shall do or perform, without Fee or Reward, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as in the like Cases are appointed to be infhfted by the Act last mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Th; t any Moneys payable to any Person or Persons, upon or by virtue of this Act, for Annuities to be purchased or obtained as aforesaid, shall not be charged or chargeable to or with any Taxes or public Rates, Duties or Impositions whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of twenty-one Years, for the Use and Benefit of such Infant, to advance and pay any Sum, not exceeding seventy Pounds of the Moneys of such Infant, upon any the Terms in this Act mentioned; and such Infant, upon the Payment of the same, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be intituled to the Annuity, for which such Sum shall be so paid, and the said Guardian or Trustee, as to the Sum so advanced, is hereby discharged.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thetis any Person or Persons shall fraudulently contribute any Sum or Sums of Money upon this Act, under Colour or Pretence of having an Estate for a Angle Life changed or converted into a Term certain as aforesaid, or under Colour or Pretence of purchasing or obtaining an Interest to take Effect (in Point of Payment) after a single Life supposed to be in lining, when in Truth and Reality the particular Estate for such single Life (at the Time of the paying the Consideration Money so to be contributed or advanced) shall be actually determined by the Death of the Nominee, or Person during whose Life such particular Estate was to continue, that then and in every such Case the Consideration Money, or Sum so to be advanced or contributed, shall be forfeited and lost to his Majesty; no Estate, Interest or Term, for or in Respect of the same, shall by this Act arise or be veiled either in such Contributor, or in any Person to be nominated for him, her or them as aforesaid, or in his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; and such Contributor, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover such Offence, and sue for the said Sum, by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit or Information as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That when as any the said particular Estates for single Lives shall be changed into certain Terms of Years, and be thereby merged or extinguished, according to the true Meaning of this Act as aforesaid, the Orders which were made and signed pursuant to the said former Acts, for the Annuities payable during such single Lives, shall be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and there remain as Vouchers for the Payments already made, without making any further Issues or Payments thereupon, for any Time beyond the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord, which shall be in the Year one thousand six hundred ninety five, from which Feast Day the Issues or Payments of the respective Annuities, hereby appointed to be paid, shall be made upon the said Orders, which are to be

drawn

575

A.D. 1695. Anno sexto & Guglielmi III C 6.

drawn and signed in Pursuance of this at; and in all Cases where the said Annuities, or any of them, are by this Act to be paid to the Contributor, or such as he shall nominate, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for a Term of Years, without depending upon a Life, it shall not be necessary or requisite for bim or them, in order to obtain his or their Payments thereof, to produce a Certificate signed by any mi nifter or Churchwardens, or to make any other Proof of a nominee's being alive; anything in this or the said former Acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Money that shall be Appropriation levied or paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, as well upon Loans as of Money a ij otherwise, one Moiety thereof shall be, and it is hereby appropriated, for the Services of the Navy and vane: d prdnanee for Sea Service, performed and to be performed; and that all other Money which shall be levied

and paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon Loans as otherwise, shall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated, to and for the Payment of His Majesty's Land Forces and Armies, and the paying for Arms, Ammunition and other Charges incident to the War, and not otherwise.

XIII. And for the more effectual doing thereof, and that the Sums by this Act appropriated may not be Rules for pay diverted or applied to any other Purpose, than is hereby declared and intended; be it enacted by the Au mente. thority aforesaid, That the Ryles and Directions appointed and enacted in one Act made in the 'first Year

of Plis majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of two Shillings in the i WM, ff. 2. Pound for one Tear, for the speedy Payment of Money, thereby, granted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, C 1. by the Collectors and Receivers, and for Distribution and Application thereof, and keeping distinct Accounts of the same, and all other Provisions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, thereby enacted, in case of Diversion of any Money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enacted to be in Force, and shall be practised, applied, executed, and put in tyre, for and concerning the Distribution and Application of the said Sums hereby appropriated, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if the same were here particularly repeated and re enacted.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the whole Sum of six hundred eighteen Chute of Loan' thousand four hundred and twenty Pounds and sixpence be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer«5 percent.' upon this Add, before the first Day of Aug if one thousand six hundred and ninety five, that then it shall jff1?'410* and may be lawful for his Majesty, or his Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, by His Com advanad^ mand and Appointment, to borrow and take into the said Receipt for his Majesty's Use, by way of Loan, a'n e

any Sum or Sums of Money which together with the whole Value or Amount of all the Sums of Money which shall, before the said first Day of August, be contributed or adventured, as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of six hundred eighteen thousand four hundred and twenty Pounds and sixpence; which Sum or Sums, so taken up By way of Loan, shall and may be charged upon the Credit of His Majesty's Exchequer in general, and Tallies of Loan, and Orders of Repayment of the same, shall be levied and drawn accordingly, which said Orders shall be assignable and transferrable from one Person to another.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, so to be borrowed, not Howto be reexceeding as aforesaid, together with Interest for the same, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per paid.

Centum per Annum, to be paid every three Months, until Satisfaction of the Principal, shall be payable

and satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her, or their Executors, administrators, or Assigns, out of the Moneys which shall afterwards arise and be brought into the Exchequer by or for Contributions or Consideration Moneys upon this Act, so far as the same will extend; and in case the Money so arising by this Act shall not be sufficient for the paying thereof, then the said Loans, which shall remain unsatisfied, and the Interest of the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to His Majesty in Parliament, and shall be transferred and transferrable thereunto, as ibon as any such Aid or Supply shall be granted to His Majesty; and if no such Aids or Supplies shall be granted to His Majesty before the twentieth Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and five, then the said Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be payable and be paid and satisfied to the said Lender 3'

or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, by and out of any of ijifizvt.

His Majesty's Treasure, which from thenceforth shall come into, be, or remain in the Receipt of his C 3. §. S; Majesty's Exchequer, not being already appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Time made.

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of five Years, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, from a deep Sense of the many great Occasions which engage Your Majesty in many extraordinary expences for the necessary Defence of your Realms, and the Prosecution of a War against France with Vigour, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted unto Your Majesty, as an additional Supply and Aid, the Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned; and we most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, lac.

XXIV. And be it further enacted for the better levying and collecting the Duties granted by this Act, sc£l. 1. to 24. That all Persons in Holy Orders, Deans, Parsons, Deacons, Vicars, Curates, and their or any of their j?xr

Substitutes, resifter to be '

kept in every Substitutes, 'do within t'neir respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, take an exact and true Account, pan(h of Mar anj keep a Register in writing of all and every Person or Persons married, buried, christened or born in antbrnhls. 5' h'3 oi' their respective Parishes or Precincts, or in such common Burying Places as their respective Pa py Annse', C rishoners are usually buried in, to which Book or Register the Collectors for the respective Parishes and

12. §. 10. Par Places, and all other Persons concerned, shall have free Access to view the same at all seasonable Times, tonnes, C not without any Fee or Reward; and if any such Parson or Minister shall refuse or neglect to keep a truere a"kdwm?fifdr Sister thereof, as before is directed, such Parson or other Minister so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one acm mm e. fjunjrej Pounds, to be recovered by such Personas shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by any action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no eftoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, shall be allowed, and wherein the Prosecutor shall recover his full Costs; Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of the King's Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Penalty upon

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be married at any vicar, arc. mar Place pretending to be exempt from the Vifltation of the Bishop of the Diocese, without a Licence first had rying.n prm anc] obtained, except the Banns shall be published and certified according to Law; and that every Parson, wfthoutlicence, 'Vicar, and Curate, who shall marry any Persons contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall for extended ty 7'Feit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in & S W. 3. C 35. any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; one Moiety whereof to the King, his Heirs, and Successors, and § to Placwi the other Moiety to the Informer who shall sue for the same; and shall fox the second Offence be suspended Sr a Qlrc'0 & Beneficio, for the Space of three Years.

C 3 3.. for making clan define Marriages void.

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport Service for the Reduction

of Ireland.

The New Duty Revived9 & 10 W. 3. C 14. Continued 12 & 13 W. 3. C 11. 7 Anns, C 7.

26. 5 & 6

WM. c.av

Duties upon several Goods given

Coffee per 100 wt. 2 J. 16 s.

Cocoa from eng lish Plantations per 100 wt.

2l. 16s. other Cocoa,

4 I. s

Chocolate per lb, 1 s.

Cccoa Paftc per lb. 2 s

Tea imported from the Place of its Growth, per lb. 1 s. other Tea per lb. 2 s. 6d. Nutmegs, C percent. 5 1. Piflures percent. 20 1.

These Duties, except on Nutmegs,

WHEREAS for the reducing the Kingdom of Ireland to its due Obedience to His Majesty, several Ships of his Majesty's Subjects were hired for transporting Forces, Ammunition, and Provisions into the said Kingdom; to the several Owners of which said Ships there is due the Sum of three hundred thirty thousand seven hundred sixty nine Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence Principal Money, as appears by a Report made to the House of Commons by the Commissioners appointed by one Act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, C An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and jiate the Public Accounts of the Kingdom: 'We Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being willing that a Fund may be raised for the answering and paying to Your majesty's said Subjects, the several and respective Owners of the said Ships, Interest for the said Money, from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety five, for the Space of three Years, after the Rate of five Pounds for the Interest of every Hundred Pounds for one whole Year and so proportionably for any greater or lelfer Sum, do hereby give and grant unto Your Majesty the additional and other Duties and Impositions upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes h?reir. specified, which shall be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, during such Time, and in such Manner and Form as herein after followeth, and do humbly pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted:

And bs.it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the several Goods and Merchandizes hereafter mentioned, which shall be imported into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, at any Time after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, and before the second Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, over and above all Duties already payable for the same, at the Customhouse, the further Rates and' Sums following, that is to say, (i) For every Hundred Weight of Coffee imported as aforesaid, accounting one hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, fifty six Shillings of lawful englijj) Money, (z) For every Hundred Weight of Coconuts imported, and containing as aforesaid, from any the Plantations belonging to the Crown of England, fifty six Shillings. (3) For every Hundred Weight of Coconuts, imported, and containing as aforesaid, from any other Country or Place, from whence they may by Law be imported, four Pounds and four Shillings of like lawful English Money. (4) For every Pound of Chocolate ready made, imported as aforesaid, one Shilling. (5) For every Pound of Cocoa Paste imported as aforesaid, two Shillings. (6) For every Pound of Tea regularly imported as aforesaid, from whence the same might have been lawfully imported before the making of this Act, one Shilling. (7) For every Pound of Tea imported as aforesaid, from Holland, or any other Country, not the Place of its Growth, or usual Shipping, two Shillings and sixpence per Pound Weight, and so proportionably for any greater or lelfer Quantity of any of the Commodities imported as aforesaid respectively. (8) For all Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, and Mace, imported as aforesaid, five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value thereof according to the several Values charged on them respectively in the Book of Rates, and foin Proportion for any greater or lelfer Quantity thereof, over and above all Duties now payable for the same. (9) For all pictures imported within the Time aforesaid, whether for private Use, or Sale, which are hereby permitted to be imported during the Continuance of this Acts, any Law or Use to the contrary notwithstanding, twenty Pounds of lawful englij]) Money per Centum of

£; C repealed by s Geo. I. C 20. 10geo, ic. 10. §. X and new ones imposed, 1 W. MIT. 2. C 6.

the

A.D. 1695. Anno sexto & Guglielmi III C 7. 577

the Value, to be affirmed by the Oath of the Importer, and foin Proportion for any greater or teller Quantity thereof

III. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Ships porting any Person or Persons to import into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of H'abs. or Town of Berwitk Nmmrgs, C upor\ Tweed, during the Continuance of this Act, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Tea, subject dt

to the several Duties payable for the same, from any Parts beyond the Seas, in English Ships, whereof the Altered by 3 & 4 Matter, and.at.least Two Thirds, of the Mariners are Engliflmcn, so as Notice be first given to..the.com arna, C 4. missioner or Farmers of His Majesty's Customs, of the Quality and Quantity of the Paid Spices so intended § to be imported, with the Name of the Ship, and Mailer or Commander on which they are to be loaden, " and the Place into which they intend to import the same, and taking a, Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners or Farmers of the Customs. for the time being, or any three of them, for the lading and importing thereof, as aforesaid; which Licence they are hereby authorised and required to grant, without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the same; any Law, Custom, orufage, to the contrary notwithstanding. - .1.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Commodities aforesaid, Goods forfeited, whereof the Duties, are or shall be due, shall be uniliipped or laid on Land, the Duties due or to be due for jf, a.nde!i b'f°te the same not, paid, or lawfully tendred to the Collector thereof, or his Deputy, with the Content and Agree Dutiss Pal' merit of the Comptroller and Surveyor there, Hor agreed with for the same in the Custom Housey according ' '

to the true Meaning of this Acts, that then from the said First Day of May. one thousand six hundred ninety five, all the said Goods and Merchandizes shall be forfeited; j the oiie. Moiety of the said Goods so forfeited shall be. to his Majesty's ipse, arid' the' other Moiety to him or them that will seize or sue For the same, without any Composition whatsoever; ': >': r, { J'1 V

V. Provided, always, ..and be it further enacted and declareclbyithe Authority aforesaid, that.every.mer Drawback of chant or other Importer, having paid the said Duties and' Impositions; in and by tfiis act appointed so be Two Thirds paid for any of the said Goods or Merchandizes herein mentioned, which might by Law have' been imported Exporta' before the making of this Act, who, being a Native, shall within twelve Month's, '"or aii Alieri', 'shall

within nine Months) next after such his Importation thereof, again ship oft'.and carry out. of this Kifig j^drawback on dom, or any Part thereof, the said Goods or Merchandizes,: or any Part thereof, to any Part, beyond the coveran/tea*1 Seas, that such Merchant or other Importer, 011 such his Exportation thereof, shall be repaid Two Thirds by'10 Anna;, of the Duties so by him paid by virtue of this Act, of so much of the said Goods and Merchandizes which C z6. §33. he shall so export or ship off; the said Merchant or Exporter making oath on his Debenture in hac verba, These 12 and9That all the Goods, entered and shipped as there certified, are really.and truly exported for patts"beyond the Seas on his own Account, 'if he adis for hirriself, oris he acts by Commission, then on the account of such y^s b 7 q°0i Person or Persons for whom the Deponent acts in the Direction of the Voyage), and that none of the said 1. flat. 1. c. 21. Goods have been finee landed, or are intended to be relanded; in, England, _ tvaks.o: Berwick'.- §. 10.'

VI. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the officer.and Colkaortokeep Officers, who shall be concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the duties.!granted by this Act, a dilhnft ac do keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay the same, injpecie^ into the Receipt of His Maje cut and sty's Exchequer weekly, on Wednesday in every Week, 'unless it be an Holiday, and if it be, 'then on the next pav^enu; into Day that is not an Holiday; and upon Neglect or Refusal of the taple fhalteincur the' Penalties, " For thl Exchequer, feitures, Damages, and Costs, as other the Officers of the Exchequerherein. after. mentioned shall be liable

to; which Money so paid in shall be applied to the Uses hereafter mentioned in this Act, and no otheiaife.

VII. Provided, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. there, shall be provided and These Duties to

kept in His Majesty's Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of thelauditor of the Receipts, one Bobk or madaeaj(! Register, in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the exchequer by virtue of this Act, shall be entered, and paftof the' regiitred and kept apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to His Majesty, upon any other security of the Branch of His Majesty's Revenue, or upon any other Account whatsoever; that all Moneys that shall Bank Fund by be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall be the yearly Fund for the several and respective Pur^C ? after mentioned and expressed, and shall not be applied to any other Purpose whatsoever. Part of th?aggregate Fund by I Geo. I. C 12*

Debentures to tke.several Ships to be matte, entered, numbered, and have due Preference,

CT

VIII. Provided, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for transportation do, within three Months after the passing this Act, make out authentic Debentures for each Sum of Money due to or for every respective Ship, as tile same was adjusted by the Commissioners for taking and Hating the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and that such Debenture, when made out, be delivered either to the Owner of, or to the Agent appearing fur, every such respective Ship; and shall be made payable to such Person or his Assigns, as such respective Owner or his Agent shall nominate) for the Use of the Owners of the respective Ships; and that such Owner or Agent shall, upon the Receipt of such Debenture, give a Receipt to the said Commissioners for Transportation, for every such Debenture, which said Receipt shall be entered in a Book kept for that Purpose in the Office of Traiifportatioiiand that such Debenture or Debentures be numbered in Course, beginning with the first ship that was hired, with the Figure of One, and so successively, according t.o'the Day the said Ships were hired, whether by His Majesty's Commissioners for the Navy, the Officers for Vidtuailing, the Officers of the Ordnance, Or the commissioner for Transportation, to the end that no undue Preference may' be.made; and, if it. so all out - more than one Ship was hired in one Day, the respective Owner or a^er.t shall have his or their Debentures numbered, as their respective Ships Hand, registered in the respective Offices whete they were t'akeii up or hired.

IX. Provided, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Debentures shall be produced and shown in the said Office of the Auditor of the' receipt in the Exthequer^ aiidla nqte or Memorandum thereof shall be entered and taken in a Book to be kept for the said Purpose, in the same Office; and that all the Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall be applied to the

Vol. III 4 E Payment

and the Moneys to be paid upon thefrl within terest at 5 i. percent.

1; 'i'.'k

If Moneys fall short Debentures to be on an Average.

Puiiifjiment of

already' assigned redeemable within ia Months

fartherpr6?id payment of the several Persons named in the Paid several Debentures, and their several and respective exe cittorbyg&9 cutors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Uses aforesaid, Interest for their several and respective Principal w. j. C 2, 5. Sums of Money mentioned and expressed in such Debentures, from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety five, for the Space of three Years, from thence next and imme. djately ensuing, 'after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one whole Year, by two equal Payments;

the first Payment to be made upon the said five and twentieth Day of December.

r, X Provided, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all the Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall not be sufficient to satisfy and pay Interest for all the said Sum of three hundred thirty thousand seven hundred sixty nine Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, Principal Money, for the said Space of three Yearsj at the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one. whole Year; then there shall be no Preference of any of the said Persons named in the said Debentures, but such Deficiency shall fall upon the said Persons named in the said Debentures, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, ratably and proportionably, according to the Quantity of their respective Debts mentioned in the said debentures.

XI. Provided, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer in the Exchequer Officer mii.p V jq^all divert or misapply any of the Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer, by virtue of this Act, to <, any other tjfes or, Purposes than are hereby directed, then such Officer so offending shall forfeit his Office, tin. the Exfhequer, and be incapable of any Office or Place of Trust, and shall be liable to pay the double. Value of any Sum of Sums so diverted or misapplied, to any of the said Persons named in the said Debentures, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who will sue for the same, by any Ablionof 'o, Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ 'wherein no

T s Essoin, profebli&i'ij'wiger of Law, privilege.of parliament, or other Privilege, or more than one Impar

1 stance, shall be granted or allowed; and all Orders and Warrants for issuing, paying, or disposing any of the j:. Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall be utterly void.: -' ' 1.'i'1,

Debt upon the XII Provided, and it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all such of the Transport ships j)ebts due to any Owners of such itransport Ships, and all Parts of such Debts:, as have been at any'" " "'Time assigned 6r granted, or covenacted and agreed to be assigned or granted, or for which any Authority

hath hitherto been given or granted by any of the said Owners, their respective Executors or Administrators, ..to.any Person or Persons to receive the same, or any Part thereof, to the Use of such Person so authorised, or any other Period, 'besides such Owner, his or her Executors or Administrators, shall and may be. redeemed, and are hereby declared to be redeemable by the said Owners, their respective Executors or Administrators, on Payment of the Principal Sum, of Money paid in consideration of making the said af signmeijit, 'Grant, Cdvehant, 'or'authority, together with the Charges and Interest for the same, from the Time of the Payment thereof, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum for one whole Year, discounting for what hath been receive'd, " for or i nrespebt of the said Debt, by any such Person to whom such Alignment or Authority was made or given,; and upon payment or Tender of the said Principal Money, Interest, and Charges, such Grant, Alignment, or: Authority, and all Covenants and Agreements concerning the same, shall be void. pfovided nevertheless, That such Redemption as aforesaid be made within the Space of twelve Months, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament.

XIII. Provided, and be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly. making Dcbcnshall be.demanded or taken of any of the said Owners or Agents, their respective Executors, administra tures, C toss, 'or Aligns, for the making any the said Debentures, or the Payment of any of the said Moneys, or so:

providing or making of any Books, Registers, or Entries, or permitting any Views or Searches relating t this Act, by any of His Majesty's Officers in the Exchequer, upon Pain of forfeiting their Offices and Places -.. and of becoming incapable of any Office of Trull, and upon Pain of Payment of Treble the Value of an; such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, to the Party grieved, with Costs of Suit; the same Treble Value to bi recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record a Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XIV. And whereas it may be a reasonable Accommodation for Trade, That the Officers of the Custom be permitted, on sundry urgent Occasions, to work at Times and Flaces not required by Law, for whici extraordinary Attendances the Merchant or other Person concerned is willing to make a moderate Allowance, if the Officer might be justified in receiving the same; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer duly employed in the Execution of his Office, on any extraor

dinary Service not required by Law, to take and receive such Recompense from the Merchant or other Pei r son desiring his Attendance, as the Commissioners of the Customs in the Port of London, and the Collebtoi Customer, and Comptroller in the Out Ports, or any Two of them respectively (by whom the Sufferanc is thought requisite to be granted) shall determine.

exp.

CAP. VIII.

4 & 5 w, & M,

C 13. An Act for continuing Two former Abls for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or defe

5 & 6 W. & M. tiis majesty's Service, and for punishing false Mullers, and for Payment of Quarters, for one Year long?

C 15.'1

CAP. IX.

*.!, 7'; 1: jw 1

p X P for appointing and enabling Commisupners to' examine, take, and.state the public Accounts.

id ei u gi, t <( r /'; /* '

No See for

Officer attending, when not bound, may take See.

it11

; 1

1 i o:; 11

A.D. 1695. Anno sexto & Guglielmi III C 10. q79

M 0, ?-.

CAP. X

An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the.members thereunto belonging.

WHEREAS by two several Statutes heretofore made, the.one in the ninth Year of the Reign of ^jj. C to.

King Henry the Fifth, intituled, Keels that carry Coals at Newcastle, shall be mcafired and marked; C and the other in the thirtieth Year of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, intituled An All jocar.i.iht. i.

' for the Admeasurement of Keels and Boats carrying Coals y for the Remedy of Deceits therein complained of <=. s L ' (amongst other Things) it was thereby enacted, That Commissioners should from Time to Time be appointed by His said late Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the admeasuring and marking all and every

' the Keels and other Boats, and Wains, and Carts used, or in any Time thereafter to be ui'ed, for thec.arriage of Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the River iveare, culler coates, Seaton' '

' blithe nook, and all and every of the Members, Havens, Creeks, and Places whatsoever', to the said' '

' of Newcastle belonging, upon the Forfeiture that every Keel, Boat, Wain, or Cart, which should.

' carry Coals in any of the aforesaid Places, before they shall be admeasured and marked, as aforesaid, should be forfeited, together with the Coals laden upon them: notwithstanding which, diverse new; C Frauds, Deceits and Abuses have of late arisen, and are daily practised, 'to the Diminution of His Majesty's Customs, and the great Prejudice and Damage of the Buyers and Sellers of coalsfor Remedy whereof,

II. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords commmionws Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, land by the Authority of the to be appointed same, That Commissioners shall from time to time be appointed by His Majesty, His heirs^and Successors, 'iot for the admeasuring and marking all and every the Keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other Boats, and mentofkeels Wains, and Carts used, or in any Time hereafter to be used for the Carriage of Coals in the Port of in Newcastle, Newcastle upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the pjver Weave, culler coates, Seaton jlulcc, blithe nook, and all other C

Places within the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, and all and every the Members, Havens, Rivers, ngoo. s. c.iy. Creeks and Places whatsoever, to the said Port of Newcastle, and Counties aforesaid belonging; which said § Admeasurement shall be by a dead Weight of Lead or Iron, or otherwise, as hall feern meet to the said Commissioners, or any three of them, allowing three and fifty hundred Weight to every Chaldron of Coals; which said Keels, Boats, Wains, or Carts, shall be admeasured and marked at the Times and Places and in manner hereafter mentioned; anything in the said former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That the Weight or Contents of Coals, loaden or carried by every such Wain, The Content of shall be of the Weight or Content of seventeen hundred Weight and an Half; and the Weight or Contents acartload, &=. of Coals, loaden or carried by every such Cart, hall be of the Weight or Content of eight hundred and three Quarters; and that three such Wains, or six such Carts, shall be reckoned and allowed for one Chaldron, and no more, and that no other Wains or Carts are hereby intended to be admeasured or marked, but only such Wains and Carts as are now or hereafter shall be employed in carrying Coals to the Staiths, to be directly put from the Staiths into the Ships, and no others.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three Cartsand Keels' or more of them, hall cause all and every of the said Keels, Boats, Wains and Carts to be admeasured acto be measured cordingly; and hall give three Days Notice of the Time and Place of such Admeasurement to the Own "odmma.*'d^y er or Owners thereof, and enufe the said Keels and Boats so admeasured, to be ma rked and nailed on each, omit

Side the Stem and Stern and Midship thereof, or otherwise as they the said Commissioners, or any three of them, in their Discretions shall direct; and the said Wains and Carts to be marked and nailed on the Head and Sides of the said Wains, Carts, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners of any Three of them, shall direct, or by such Persons as shall be by them thereunto appointed; 'which Persons so appointed shall take an Oath before the said Commissioners, or any three of them, for the true and impartial Performance and discharging the same; which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer: if the Owner or Owners of such Keels or Boats, Wains or Carts, ball after such Notice neglect or refuse to have their said Keels, Boats, Wains or Carts so admeasured, they and every of them shall incur the Penalty hereafter mentioned.

V. Provided, That no such Keel or Boat be admeasured, 'marked of nailed, but between the five and Content of a twentieth Day of March, and the nine and twentieth Day of September, in any Year, nor.shall be admea Keel nj Time sured, marked or nailed, to carry more than ten such Chaldrons of Coals at any one Time; and that all such Keels and Boats belonging to the Port of Newcastle shall be admeasured, marked and nailed, at the J "'

New Key of the said Port, and that the Keels and Bo its belonging so the River iveare shall be admeasured, marked and nailed at Lambion Staiths, upon the said River, and not elsewhere; that all the Keels and Boats belonging to culler coates, Seaton jluice, blithe nook, and all other Places within the said Counties of Northumberland and Durham, as also all Wains and Carts, to be admeasured and marked by virtue of this Act, shall be admeasured and marked at such Times and Places as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall direct.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Keel, Boat, Wain or Cart, which Keel, C net from and after the Four and twentieth Day of July, which shall be in the Year of Our Lord one thousand marked for six hundred ninety and five, shall carry any Coals in any of the Places aforesaid, before thcyfinall be ad measured, marked and nailed as aforesaid, by three Commissioners or more of them, shall be and are hereby declared to be forfeited, together with the Coals that shall be laden upon them (unless the same shall happen by Default of the said Commissioners; moiety.of all which forementioned Forfeitures shall be' tc the King's Majesty, His Heirs and successors, the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover and

4 E 2 see

: U C II

Poniftiment of Person removing or altering the Mark.

Farther Provi jions relating hereto, Ch, i

9 10 W. 3.

C 13. iq sr n 3. C 21. ec. 28.

8 Ann, C 4.,

9 Ann. C 6, 23 & 28. 12 Ann. fiat. 2, C 9&, i

5 eo, I. f. 9.

S c!w. 1. e 14*'

3 Gw. 2. C 26,

Gro; 2, C 30. "3, f. a6. 30 G

31 Jac. 1. C 20. i9geo.2. c. 2l.

The Forfeitures of several Degrees of Persons for Swearing. Mod. Cases in Law 58, 366.

To be levied by

Distress.

If no Distress, Offender to be put in the brocks.

<; 1. Penalty upon Justice of Peace not executing the Act.

Officer sued for executing this Act may plead General Issue, Arc.

UI i:

Anno sexto & Teptimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1695.

fue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein noes foin. Protection, Imparlance or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Statute, Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding - '

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case after the admeasuring, marking and nailing of any Keel, Boat, Wain or Cart, the Mark shall be removed or altered, whereby to frustrate the Intent and meaning of this Act, that every Person and Persons, that shall have a Hand in or be privy to the doing thereof, and shall upon Proof thereof, by one or more credible Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Counties where the said Offence shall happen to be committed, and convicted thereof, such Person or Persons so as aforesaid convicted, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied upon his or their Goods and Chattels by Distress and Sale thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties distrained upon; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Parties so offending shall, by like Warrant, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize; one Half Part of the said Forfeiture to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half Part thereof to such Person or Persons as shall make such discovery; and also that after any such Offence as aforesaid committed, by altering or removing any of the Marks or Nails that shall be set upon any such Keels, Boats, Wains or Carts, by Virtue of this Add, That from thenceforth, and so often as any such Offence shall he committed as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any three of them, or such Person or Persons as shall be by them appointed, shall have Authority, and are hereby authorised and empowered to admeasure, mark and hail the said Keels, Boats, Wains and Carts anew, according to the Directions hereby before given.

10 Geo. 2. c. 32-. 31 Geo. 2. c. 15. 13 Geo. 2. c. 21. 14 Geo. 2. c. 41, 17 Geo. 2. c. 35. 19 Geo. 2. c. 35. zigco, 2, £.37. 23 Gtot

to, 2, C 19, 31 Geo. 2.lc, 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the more effectual suppressing Profane Curling and Swearing.

WHEREAS it is found by Experience, That an Act of Parliament made in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An act to prevent and reform profane Swearing and Cursing, hath proved ineffectual to the suppressing of those detestable Sins, by Reason of some Deficiencies in the said Act; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall (after the four and twentieth Day of fune in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five) profanely swear or curse in the rrefence or Hearing of any Justice of Peace of the County, Riding or Division, or of the Mayor or other Head Officer, or Justice of Peace for any City or Town Corporate, where such Offence is or shall be committed, or that shall be thereof convicted by Oath of one Witness, or by the Confession of the Party offending, before any Justice of Peace of the County, or Mayor, or Bailiff, or other Chief Officer or Justice of the Peace of such City or Town Corporate, where the said Offence shall be committed; that then, for every such Offence, the Party so offending shall forfeit and pay to the use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, the respective Sums herein after mentioned (that is to say) Every Servant, Day Labourer, common Soldier, and common Seaman, one Shilling, and every other Person, two Shillings; and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall after Conviction offend a Second Time, such Person shall forfeit and pay double; and if a third Time, Treble the Sum respectively by him or her to be paid for the first Offence.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon Neglect or Refusal of Payment of the said Forfeiture, any Justice of Peace of the County, Riding or Division, or Mayor or other Head Officer, or Justice of Peace of any City or Town Corporate, where the said Offences shall be committed, shall and are hereby authorised and required to direct and send his Warrant to the Constable, Tythingman, Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall inhabit, thereby commanding them, or some one or more of them, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, the Sum so forfeited, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish, as aforesaid; and in case no such Distress can be had, then every such Offender, being above the Age of sixteen Years, shall, byvwarrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice of Peace, or other Officer as aforesaid, be pub liekjy set in the Stocks for the Space of one Hour for every Angle Oft'ence, and for any Number of Offences whereof he shall be convicted at one and the same Time, then two Hours; and if the Party offending be under the Age of sixteen Years, and shall not forthwith pay the said Forfeitures, then he or she shall, by Warrant as aforesaid, be whipped by the Constable, or by the Parent, Guardian or Master of such Offender, in the Presence of the Constable.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate, shall wilfully and wittingly omit the Performance of his Duty in the Execution of this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; the one Moiety to the Use of the Informer, to be recovered by Action, Suit, Bill or Plaint, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Justice of Peace, Constable or other Officer or Person whatsoever, for doing or causing to be done anything in Pursuance of this Act, concerning the said Offences, the Defendant in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence j and if upon such Action Verdict be given for the

C 12. 581

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant, or the Plaintiff become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, then the Defendant shall have

V. Provided always, audit is hereby enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted or troubled for any rinl? for Pro"

Offence against this Statute, unless the same be proved or prosecuted within ten Days next after the Of r'c.utlns upon fence committed. this act'

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be publicly read four feto be read in veral Times in the Year in all Parish Churches, and all public Chapels, by the Parson, Vicar or Curate Churches, cof the respective Parishes or Chapels, immediately after Morning Prayer, on four several Sundays (that is

to say) the Sunday next after the four and twentieth Day of June, the nine and twentieth Day of September, the five and twentieth Day of December, and the five and twentieth Day of March, under the Pain of twenty Shillings for every such Omission or Neglect.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace, Mayor or other Convifllonsto Head Officer, shall register in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, all the Convictions made before him beregiftred. upon this Act, and the Time of making thereof, and for what Offence, and shall certify the same to the

next General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said County or Place where the Offences are committed, to be there kept upon Record by the respective Clerks of the Peace, to be seen without Fee or Reward.

CAP. XII.

An act for explaining and regulating several Doubts, Duties and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and for ascertaining the Admeasurement of the tunnage of Ships.

WHEREAS several Doubts and Difficulties are arisen upon the Interpretation of several Clauses in an Act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesies several Duties upon Vellum, 5 & 6 W. & M.*Parchment and Paper, for four Years, tovoai else carrying on the ivar against France: 'For the explaining and C 21, remedying the said Doubts and Difficulties,

II. Be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con Recognizances

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by before justice Authority of the same, That the said Act, nor any Clause therein contained, shall be construed to charge Co

with any Duty specified in the said Act, any Warrant made by, or Recognisance taken before, any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Surrender of any Copyhold Estate, or Copies for such Estate, or any Cer emp ted.' tificate of Marriage of any Widow of any Seaman, or any Proceedings of any court-martial which relate to the Trial of any common Soldier, or any Orders, Decrees or Proceedings before any Commissioners of Sewers, or in the Court of Stannaries; but the said Warrants, Recognizances, Surrenders, Copies, Certificates, Orders, Decrees and Proceedings, shall and are hereby declared to be exempted from the Payment of any the Duties mentioned in the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause in the said Act, Degree of whereby the Duty of forty Shillings is laid upon the Register or Entry of any Degree in any of the Two Bachelor of Universities, shall not extend to charge with the said Duty of forty Shillings the Register or Entry of any Arts exempted. Bachelor of Arts, who is hereby exempted from the Payment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause in the said Act, Commission of whereby the Duty of forty Shillings is laid upon Letters Patents, shall not extend to Commissions of Re Rebellione* -- bellion in Process; but that the Commissions of Rebellion shall be and are hereby exempted from the said empt2d<

Duty of forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause in the said Act, Officers in in whereby the Duty of forty Shillings is laid upon Admittances of Officers in any Court whatsoever, shall Courts, not be extended to charge any annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under exempts 1 the Value of ten Pounds per Annum, in Salaries, Sees, or other Perquisites; but the said annual Officer

is hereby exempted and discharged from the said Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers at Sea shall pay Sea Officers to

the same Duty that the Officers at Land pay, and no more; anything in the said Act to the contrary in any pay as Land of wise notwithstanding

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty of five hundred Pounds 5001. penalty mentioned in the said Act shall no longer stand and be in Force, but is hereby altered and changed into the changed into 51. Penalty of five Pounds only; and that for the future, in all Cases where by the said Act the Offender was

to forfeit five hundred Pounds, he shall forfeit no more than five Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit; anything in the said atto the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons that have al Persons who ready incurred the said Penalty of five hundred Pounds, upon any Clause in the said Act, shall be and are h*ve inc "m.d. hereby pardoned, indemnified, and discharged from the said Forfeiture of five hundred Pounds, and every the Part thereof, and of and from any Prosecution thereupon; anything in the said Act to the contrary in any aa pardoned, wise notwithstanding.

IX. And for the better Distribution of the said Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and that the Subjects Prices to be an. may have the same with more Conveniency, and at an easier Rate, than formerly; be it enacted by the Au ret and thority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury Ramre: i "Pon for the time being, shall once in the Year, at least, set the Prices of all Sorts of stamped Vellum, Parch e jrcllrien ment and Paper, that it shall be sold at; and that the Commissioners appointed for putting the said Act in

Execution

582 C 13,

Anno sexto & Guglielmi III A.D. 1695.

6 per Cen\ allowed for ready Money,

Another Way of nxeafurin th

pointed by 5 W, & M. C 20,

Execution hall lamp the said Price, so set, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper so by them to be sold; and that the said Commissioners Ural) likewise allow and pay to every Person that lull bring Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be stamped (the Duty whereof shall amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards) after the Rate of six Pounds in the Hundred Pounds per Annum for three Months, upon present Payment of the said Duty upon the said Vellum, Parchment, and Paper so by them bought; and that any Persons that shall buy of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the Duty whereof amounts to the like Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, shall have the same Allowance of six Pounds in the Plundred Pounds.

X. And whereas great Inconveniences and Discouragements to Trade and Navigation are found by ad an was ap_"ps e measuring of Ships and Vessels. according to the Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of anted by 5 & 6 ' King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Dunnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards the carrying on the War against France; ' Be it enacted, That from, and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, all Ships and Vessels shall be measured, in order to the paying the Duty imposed by the said Act, by taking the Length of the Keel of every Ship or vdtel so much as he treads on the Ground, and the Breadth to be taken within Board by the Midship Beam from Plank to Plank, and half that Breadth shall be accounted for the Depth of every Ship or Vessel; then multiply the Length by the Breadth, and the product thereof by the Depth, and divide the whole by ninety four, and the Quotient shall give the true Contents of the Tunnage which such Ship shall pay for; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

EXP.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June

there shall not be raised, levied, collected, or paid, for the Use of his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the Tunnage of any Ship or Vesse], within the Time of the said Act mentioned, trading coastwise, any other or greater Sum or Rate than for so many Tuns of Goods as are or shall be actually laden on Board, such Ship or Vessel; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with

See farther n j ' J

I A, j)at.z. lhlndln£

C 2.2. a gains Frauds in Stamp Duties. 4 6? 5 Ann. C 1 2. extending Stamp Duties to Appearances in Allions r, ivitbjut Bail, 32 Ann. (hat, j. C 2. exempting Cujhns Bight Estates, V 5 Geo. 1. c. 19, concerning Cards sand Dice. 6 Geo. j. C 2 I. Penalty for taking off Stamp on Cards, And see fattier additional Duties, 11

Geo. 1. c. 8. 13 Geo. 1. c. 33.9 Geo. 2. c. 32, 16 Geo. 2. c. 26. 29 Geo. 2. c. 12 S? 13. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. and32 Geo. 2. c. 35.

CAP. XIII.

An act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety five; and for repealing the Statute of the second and third Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An API against Jhaoting of Hail shot.

73 & 14 Car. 2. C 3'

Burn, V — 150.

Power given to raise the Militia notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Farther prcvi font relating hereto, 10 (Hf IX JV. 3. C 12.

J Ann. sat, 2.

(. 29. J Ge. X

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, it was (amongst other 'Pilings) enacted, That in case of Invasions, Infur redtions, or Rebellions, whereby Occasion should be to draw out the Soldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said Act into actual Service, the Persons charged by the said Act with Horses, Plorfemen, and Arms, should provide each their Soldier respectively with Pay in Hand, not exceeding one month's Pay,

as should be in that Behalf directed by the respective Lieutenants of the several Counties, and in their Absence, or otherwise by their Direction, by their Deputies, or any two or more of them: For Repay ment of which laid Moneys, and for Satisfaction of the Officers for their Pay, during, such Time, nut exceeding one Month, as aforesaid, as they should be with their Soldiers in such actual Service, it was thereby declared, that Provision should be made for the same by His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

' out of His or Their public Treasury or Revenue: Nevertheless it was thereby further provided and enacted, That in case a month's Pay should be provided and advanced, as aforesaid, that no Person who 1 should have advanced his Proportion thereof, should be charged with any other like month's Payment,

' until he or they should have been reimbursed the said month's Pay, and so from time to time, the said month's Pay by him or them raft before provided and advanced, as aforesaid: whereas upon the In ' vafion of the Coasts of this Kingdom by the French in was found necessary, for the public Defence and Safety, to draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service, and to charge the said Persons to provide each their Soldier respectively with Pay in Hand, although the month's Pay, by several of them before that Time provided and advanced, was not, nor could be, reimbursed: And whereas the like Occasion may poffilily happen during the present War: '

If. Be it. therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeni of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time before the five and twentieth Day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and six, it shall be found by his Majesty to be necessary for the Defence and Safety of this Kingdom, to draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service, anc the same shall be declared or signified to the respective Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants, and the Lon. Warden of the cinque ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, or in his Absence his Lieutenarr or Lieutenants, in Pursuance of such Orders from His Majesty, notwithstanding that one or more Month': Pay, before that Time advanced, be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the said Soldiers into adtua Service, and to cause the Persons charged as aforesaid to provide each their Soldier with Pay in Hand, no!

exceedin;

A.D. 1695. Anno sexto & Golielmi III. C 14 — 16. 583

exceeding one Month's Pay, in such Manner as if all the Pay before that Time advanced and provided had AH

been fully reimbursed and paid. EXP. 9cv5. irs.

7 Geo. 2. r. 23.

30 C7f0. 2. r. 25. 31 Cro. 2. r. 26. 32 gvo. 2. r. 20, 33 m. 2* r. 2, 22 6? 24*

III. And whereas bean Act made in the second and third Years of the Reign of Edward the Sixth, 2 & 3 Ed. 6. late King of England, intituled, An Act against the booting of Hail shot, whereby amongst other Things it CL '4' is enacted, That no Person under the Degree of a Lord of the Parliament should shoot in any Place any hail fbot, or any more Pellets than one at any one Time, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Time that he or they should so offend, ten Sounds, and Imprisonment of his Body during three Months; which said Act, however useful in those Days, hath not for many Years last past been putin Execution, but became useless and unnecessary: Yet nevertheless several malicious Persons have of late prosecuted several Gentlemen; qualified to keep and use Guns, upon the said Act; for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, and every Article, Clause, and Thing, therein contained, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned.

WHEREAS diverse temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found beneficial and useful, 34 W. & M.

' yv are near expiring the refore for continuing the same, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent C 9- maieper

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in pctua

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act made in the third

Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to take away Clergy from same 5 wm.

Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment, which By another Act made in the fourth and fifth years of C 24. §. 13.

the said King and Queen, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining, several Lotus therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring, was explained, and was to continue and be in Force for

three Years, from the thirteenth Day of February, one thousand llx hundred ninety-two, and from thence

to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer, together with the Explanation thereof in the said Act made in the said fourth and fifth Years, shall be, and the same is and are hereby continued, and shall be in Force, and be made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third and fourth 3 & 4

Years of the Reign of the said King and Queen, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises, which was to continue and be in Force for three Years, and to the End of the next Session of Par ferpc ua liament, after the Expiration of the said three Years, and no longer, shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force, and be made perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fourth and fifth 4*5w-M. Years of the said King and Queen, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of'; 20^rce°"tlnuel King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster, which was to continue and be in Force jade pvrpetiul for one Year, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and three, 7 & g w. 3. and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer; shall be and is hereby conc. 36, §. 3. tinued, and shall be in Force for the Space of one Year more, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XV.

An Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions which he might be liable to, by reason of his discover EXP. ing to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money therein mentioned, to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company, or for any Prosecution for such Distribution.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prevent Exaftnons of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the Iliver of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of water carriage upon the said River.

WHEREAS the Rivers of Thames and Ifs have Time out of Mind been navigable from the City of London to the Village of Bercoit in the County of Oxford, and for diverse Years last pall from the said Village of Bercott Westward, somewhat farther than Letchlade in the County of Gloucester: And whereas, for the Benefit and Convenience of the Navigation, there have been and are diverse Locks,

Wears, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Floodgates, and other Engines in, upon, or near adjoining to the said Ravers, the Tenants or Occupiers whereof anciently took, and Hill ought to take, a moderate - and reasonable Price from the Owners of all Barges', Boats, or other Vessels, having Occasion to make Use of the same, or of their Assistance for or in their Passage, but have of late Years raised their Prices so high, 'that the Price of the water carriage on those Rivers, by reason thereof, has been also very much raised: whereas diverse Abuses have heretofore been committed by the Bargemen in their Navigation upon the said Rivers; 'For Remedy whereof,

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and' Consent of Just ees of Peace the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au 01 vvllts> Glou" thority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one fn"r thousand six hundred ninety five, the Justices of the Peace, for the time being, of the several Counties of;

3 Wilts, i i i L

584 C 16.

Anno sexto & Guglielmi III A.D. 1695

see. upon Thames and Isis, ami make Orders about them.

5 1. Penalty for taking more than Rates assessed.

Justices of af size of Oxford may vacate Orders on Complaint,

Orders by justices of Peace to be registered in Sessions, and continue for 7 Years,

Locks, C to be in the County where they pay to the Poor,

Commissioners made by 21 Jac, it C 32. (till to have the same Power betwixt Bcrcott and Oxford,

Wilts, Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, and Bucks, within their respective Counties for ever hereafter shall be and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for the.putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned (that is to say) The said Commissioners, or any five of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, at their respective General Quarter sessions of the Peace, upon due Examination of the Matter in Controversy, upon Oath, to make Orders and Constitutions for settling and afeej taining reasonable Rates and Prices to be taken from the Owners of all Barges, Boats or Vessels, by the Tenants or Occupiers of all such Locks, Wears, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Floodgates, or other Engines, within their said respective Counties, for the Help and Assistance which such Barges, Boats, or Vessels may or shall receive thereby, or by Means thereof, in their Passage upon the said Rivers, Regard being had, as well to the ancient Rates which have been taken, as the necessary Charges of repairing such Locks, Wears, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Floodgates, and other Engines; and also to constitute and appoint all such other necessary Rules and Orders concerning the said Navigation, and also concerning such Locks, Wears, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Floodgates, or other Engines, within their said respective Counties, and the shutting, penning, opening, drawing, Use or Management thereof, for the be neet and Safety of the said Navigation, and concerning; all Barges, Boats, or Vessels passing by, through, or with the Help of the same, and the Behaviour of ali Bargemen, Boatmen, and Watermen belonging to or working in such Barges, Boats, or Vessels, so as to prevent such Abuses which have been frequently heretofore committed by them in the Navigation, as to the said Commissioners, or any five of them, shall seem meet.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the faiu first Day of May, the said Justices of the Peace, or any five of them, in their respective General Quarter sessions next after easter qvy yearly, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby enjoined and required, to assess and rate the Prices of the Carriage of all Sorts of Goods whatsoever, from any Place in their said respective Counties, to any other Place or Places upon the said Rivers, in such Boats, Barges, or Vessels, and shall give public Notice in Writing to the Mayor or other Head Officer in every Market Town within their said respective Counties, of the R. tes and Prices so set and assessed, and of all other Rates and Prices, which shall be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act: And if any Owner or Proprietor of any such Barge, Boat, or vessel, shall, at any Time after such Notice, take for the water carriage of any Goods or Merchandizes above the Rates and Prices so set ras aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall break or aft contrary to any Rules, Orders, or Constitutions, which shall be made in Pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered by the Party grieved, with double Costs of Suit, in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced or prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pperson or persons whatsoever shall be aggrieved by reason of any such Rules, Orders, Constitutions, or Assessmen tsj so as aforesaid to be made by the said Commissioners, or any five of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of Assize of the said County of Oxford, for the time being, upon Complaint made by such Per -- son or Persons grieved, within the Space of one Year next after the making of such Rules, Orders, Constitutions, or Assessments, to confirm, vacate, or alter the same, in such Manner as shall be thought moult convenient.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rules, Orders, Constitutions, and Assessments, other than of the Rates for Carriage, which shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any five of them, in Pursuance of this Act, shall be written in Parchment, and signed by the said Commissioners, or any five of them, and he kept amongst the Records of the Session of the Peace of that County within which the same shall be made; and the said Rules, Orders, Constitutions, and af feffments, other than of the Rates for Carriage, so signed by the said Commissioners, or confirmed or altered on such Appeal as aforesaid, shall continue in Force from the making the same by the said Commissioners, or the Confirmation or Alteration thereof by the said Justices of Assize, for Seven Years, and from thence until some new Order, Rule, Constitution, or Assessment, shall be made in the same Case by the said Commissioners, or any five of them, every which new Order, Rule, Constitution, or Assessment, shall be subject to the like Appeal, as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That if at any Time after the said first Day of May, any Doubt shall be made amongst the said Commissioners, in what County any such Locks, Wears, Bucks, Winches, or other Engines are or shall be, then, and in every such Case, for preventing of all such Disputes, every such Lock,

'Wear, Buck, Winch, or other Engine, shall be adjudged and taken to be in that County, and subject to the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of that County, within which the same are taxed or rated to the Church or Poor.

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to give any Manner of jurisdiction to any of the said Commissioners, to put in Execution any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted or directed, between the said Village of Bercott and the City of Oxford, nor to repeal or impeach the Powers or Authorities granted to the Commissioners in and by an Act made in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for making the River of Thames navigable for Barges, Boats, and Lighters, from the Village of Bercott in the County of Oxford, unto the Universit; and City of Oxford; but that the said Commissioners or the more Part of them, by virtue thereof and of this Act, shall have Power and Authority from time to time, with such Consent as in the said first recited Act is required, to ordain and make Orders and Constitutions for the good and orderly Usage of the Passage by Water on the River of Thames, betwixt the City of Oxford and the Village of Bercott, and for all Locks, Wears, or Turnpikes thereof, made or to be made, and maintained at the Charge of the University and City of Oxford, ox otherwise, and for the Reparation and Amendments thereof; and for all Boats, Boatmen, Passengers,

Wharves,

5«5

A.D. 1695. Anno (exto & septimo Guli e 1 m 1 III C 17.

Wharves, Carriages, and Rates for Carriages, by or through the sail Passage; and to set, lay, do, and execute all Things concerning the same, as in the said first recited Act are ordained and directed, subject nevertheless to such an Appeal as is therein mentioned; and also. That upon the Death or Removal of any of the present Commissioners for executing the said recited Act, the surviving Commissioners for the uni verfity and City of Oxford respectively may, at any Time hereafter, by virtue hereof, nominate and elect any Person they think fit to be a Commissioner, and with them to execute all and every the Powers in the said recited Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and of this present Act.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to impeach or lefi en any Juris This Ail t to

diction, Power, or Authority of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or of any Icflcnthe Another Body Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whatsoever. o! L n'

IX. And for the better preventing the Damages and Mischiefs frequently done and committed by the rude Bargemen and disorderly Persons rowing and managing the said Barges, and that the Owners of Inch Barges may be chargeable for more careful to prevent the same; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every barge re, after, and any Mischief Owner of any Barge or Boat, shall be and is hereby made answerable and responsible for any Damage or dranc, 0 Locks, Mischief that shall be done by his Barge or Boat, or the whole or any of the Crew of his Bargemen, to any cofn'°^of the Wears, Locks, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Floodgates, and other Engines in and upon u' i the said River; and the said barge masters, or barge owners, shall and may be sued and prosecuted for the same, and, if found guilty, the Plaintiff shall not only recover his Damages thereby sustained, but his full Costs of Suit; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for the Term of nine Years, and atto continue from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Continued by 3 Geo. 2. c. 11.9Years.

§. 25. except as to the seventh Section, and by 22 Geo. 2. c. 4.6.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS it is manifest that of late Years the current Coin of this Kingdom hath been greatly 1 Mar. Scjf, 2.

diminished by clipping, rounding, filing, and melting the same, and likewise many false and counterfeit Coins have been clipped for the hetter disguising thereof: And for as much as it is apparent that these 14' C 3'

Practises of diminishing the current Coin is very much occasioned by those who drive a Trade of exchanging broad Money for clipped Money, and by other Arts and Devices:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent Penalty upon of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of ^erionfclling the same, That from and after the first Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any one Time or Payment, exchange, than ft is coined, lend, fell, borrow, or buy, receive or pay, any broad silver Money or silver Money undipped, of the Coin j hale'sp. C of this Kingdom, for more in Tale, Benefit, Profit, or Advantage, than the same was coined for and ought 376-by Law to go for, be lent, sold for, borrowed or bought, received or paid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every twenty Shillings that shall be so exchanged, lent, sold for, borrowed or bought, received or paid, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum; one Moiety thereof to Kis Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall sue or inform for the same, to be recovered (with Costs of Suit) by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person do or shall presume to cast In Penalty for cast gots or Ears of Silver, in Imitation of Spanish Bars or Ingots of Silver, nor do stamp any Mark or jm ing pression upon any Ingot or Bar in Likeness of the Spanish Marks or Impressions; upon Pain that the Person them^ikts" herein offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Silver so cast, and also the Sum of five hundred nih Money' Pounds, one Moiety to His Majesty, and the other to the Informer, to be recovered as aforesaid.

IV. And for the better preventing the clipping, diminishing, or impairing the current Coin of this King Punishment for dom, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall buy or sell, and buying or selling knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Clippings or Filings of the current Coin of this King clwlnss> dom; he shall for every such Offence forfeit the said Clippings or Filings, and also the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety to His Majesty, and the other to the Informer, to be recovered as aforesaid, and shall be also branded in the Right Check with a hot iron with the Letter R. and until Payment of the said five hundred Pounds shall suffer Imprisonment.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Goldsmith, or other Person whatsoever, shall from and after the No Person shall

said first Day of May transport or cause to be transported, out of this Kingdom of England into any Parts transpoicbul beyond the Seas, any melted Silver whatsoeve", but such only as shall be marked or stamped at Galdfmhhs 1

hall by the Wardens, some or one of them, belonging to the said Company of Goldsmiths, which Mark or Joidsmiths

Stamp the said Wardens are hereby required to provide, and therewith to mark or stamp all such Silver as hall, shall be proved before them, or one of them, in such Manner as is hereafter mentioned, to bejawful Silver; nor unless a Certificate be first had and obtained under the Hand of one or more of the said Wardens, of Oath having been made before him or them by the Owner or Owners of such melted Silver, and likewise by one credible Witness, that the same is lawful Silver, and that no Part thereof was (before the same was melted) the current Coin of this Realm, nor Clippings thereof, nor Plate wrought within this Kingdom; which Oath the said Wardens, or any one of them, are and is hereby required and authorised to administer, and likewise to make and grant a Certificate thereof without Fee or Reward, an Entry of which Certificate shall be duly made by the said Wardens, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and in case any Person whatsoever, who shall offer any melted Silver to be marked, as is aforesaid, shall not prove

Vol. III 4 F'by

Bullion not stamped may be ff izej by cu aom house Officers.

Goldsmith only to buy nd sell Bullion,

What Persons may break open Houses, and fearck for Bullion.

Pe son in whose rolteflloo Bullion is found, not proving it to be neither Coin nor Clippings melted, to be imprisoned 6 Months.

Persons apprehending and convicting Clippers, See, fnali, tpon the Judges Certificate, receive 401. of the Sheriff.

Sheriff not paying shall forfeit double to the Apprehenders.

by his or her Oath, aid likewise by the Oath of one credible Witness, that the Silver offered to be marked is lawful Silver, and that the same was not, before the melting thereof, the current Coin of this Kingdom, nor Clippings thereof, nor Plate wrought within the same, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the said Wardens, or any one of them, to seize and detain such melted Silver so offered to be marked, until such Time as such Oath and Proof shall be made, as is aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall ship, or cause to be shipped or put on Board any Vessel, any melted Silver not stamped or marked by the said Wardens, or one of them, and without Certificate first obtained, of Oath having been made before the said Wardens, or one of them, of the Lawfulness of such Silver, in Manner as is aforesaid (which Certificate shall be shown to some one of the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, before any Cocket be granted for the exporting such melted Silver) in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs to seize such Silver so shipped and put on Board; one Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer and Officers so seizing the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Broker or Brokers, not being a trading Goldsmith or Refiner of Silver, shall huy or sell any Bullion or melted Silver, every such Person shall suffer, for every such Offence, Imprisonment for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize.

VIII. And for the better Discovery of Offenders in the Premises, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more of the Wardens of the said Company of Goldsmiths, with any two or more of the Court of Assistants of the said Company, within the Compass of the weekly Bills of Mortality, and to and for any two Justices of the Peace within any County, City, or Town Corporate, out of the Compass of the weekly Bills of Mortality, to enter into the House, Room, or Workshop of any Person who shall be suspected to be guilty of buying or selling unlawful Bullion, and to search for the same; and in case the Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Room, or Workshop, shall refuse to permit the said Warden and Assistants, or Justices, to make such Search as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to such Warden and Assistants, and Justices, with the Assistance of a Constable, to break open any Door, Box, Trunk, Chest, Cupboard, or Cabinet, in order to search for and discover such Bullion, as is aforesaid; in case the Persons so searching shall at any Time find any such unlawful Bullion, the Persons so finding the same are hereby required to seize, as well such Bullion as the Person and Persons in whose possession the same shall be found; and the said Wardens, Assistants and Constables, shall bring him and her before the next Justice of the Peace, who shall, upon Oath made of such finding, which justice within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and the said two Justices without the said Bills of Mortality, shall and may examine the Person so brought before him, or found by them respectively, upon Oath, whether the Bullion so sound be lawful Silver, and whether the same was not (before the melting thereof) the current Coin of this Realm, or Clippings thereof; and in case the said Person so examined shall not prove by his or her Oath, or by the Oath of one credible Witness before the said Justice and Justices respectively, that the Bullion so sound is lawful Silver, and that the same was not, before the melting thereof, the current Coin of this Realm, nor Clippings thereof, then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices respectively shall commit the Person so examined to Prison, and shall secure the Bullion so found, and shall likewise oblige the Persons that can give any Evidence concerning the same, to enter into a Recognisance to prosecute the said Offender and Offenders; and in case such Offender and Offenders, in whose Possession such unlawful Bullion shall be found, shall not upon his, her, or their Trials on an Indictment for melting the current Silver Coin of this Realm, prove, by the Oath of one credible Witness at the least, the Bullion so found to be lawful Silver, and that the same was not the current Coin of this Realm, nor Clippings thereof, then and for want of such Proof, such offender shall be found guilty of the Offence contained in such Indictment, and shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months, without Bail or main prize,

IX. And whereas the Coin of this Realm is of late much clipped and counterfeited, for want of due Encouragement to be given to such Persons as shall discover the same; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety five, all and every Person and Persons, who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons who have counterfeited any of the current Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain have clipped, washed, filed, or anyways diminished the same, or shall bring, or cause to be brought, into this kingdom, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any dipped, false, or counterfeit Coin, and prosecute such Person or Persons, until he, she, or they, be convicted for any such Offence, shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, where such conviction shall be made, for every such Offender so convicted, the Sum of forty Pounds (without paying any Fee for the same) within one Month after such Conviction and Demand thereof made, by tendring a Certificate to the said Sheriff or Sheriffs for the time being, under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Justices before whom such Traitor or Traitors, Offender or Offenders, is p.foref id, shall be convicted, certifying the Conviction of such Traitor or Traitors done within the County of the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, and that such Traitor or Traitors was or were taken and prosecuted by the Person or Persons claiming the said Reward, which Certificate as aforesaid, the said Judge or Justices are hereby required to give: And in case any Dispute shall happen to arise between the Persons apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction such Traitors as aforesaid, touching their Right and Title to the said Reward, that then the said Judge or Justices so respectively certifying as aforesaid, shall in and by their said Certificate direct and appoint the said Reward to be paid unto and amongst the Parties claiming the same, in such Share and Proportions as to the said Judge or Justices shall feeni just and reasonable: And if Default of Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money shall happen to be made by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, such Sheriff or Sheriffs, so making Default, shall forfeit to the Person or Persons, to whom such Money is due as aforesaid, double the Sum or Sums of Money he ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their Executors or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt,

C 18. 587

Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein but one Imparlance, and no Essoin, Protection, or vvjger of Law, shall be allowed, with treble Costs of Suit by him or them expended in Recovery of the same.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Sheriffs, their Executors, or Administrators, upon producing such respective Certificates, and the Receipts for the Money by them paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be allowed, and are hereby empowered to dcdudl, upon their accounting with His Majesty, all Moneys (other than the double Sum and Sums of Money and Costs of Suit) which they shall disburle as aforesaid, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever.

XI. Provided always, That if, upon the Account of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, there shall not be Money sufficient in the Hands of such Sheriff or Sheriffs to reimburse him or them such Moneys paid by him or them by virtue of this Act, that then the Sheriff or Sheriffs, having so paid the said Moneys, shall have the same repaid by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, cut of the Revenue of the Crown, upon Certificate from the Cleric of the Pipe to that Effect.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or i'ersons, being out of Prison, shall, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety five, be guilty of clipping, coining, counterfeiting, washing, filing, or otherwise diminishing the Coin of this Realm, and afterwards discover two or more Person or Persons, who already have or hereafter shall commit any of the said Crimes, so as two or more of the Person or Persons discovered shall be convicted of the same; any such Discoverer shall himself have, and is hereby intituled to, the gracious Pardon of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for all such Crimes which he or they have committed at any Time or Times before such Discovery made: And if the Person making such Discovery be an Apprentice, he shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared a Freeman, and shall have and may exercise any lawful Trade, Profession or Mystery, withal Liberties and Privileges, and in as full and ample Manner, as if the said Person had served the full Time of his Apprenticeship; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Ordinance, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seizure shall happen of any Bullion shipped to be exported, and a Doubt arise thereon, whether the same be eng/if.> or Foreign Bullion, that then the Proof shall lie upon the Owner, Claimer or Exporter of such Bullion, that the same is Foreign Bullion and had not been melted down in this Realm of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons enter or ship any Bullion, allowed by this Act to be exported beyond the Seas, other than in the Name of the true Owner and Proprietor or Importer, the Exporter thereof shall forfeit the same, or the full Value thereof; one Moiety to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Adoiety to the Person who shall seize or discover the same.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the Exportation of such Bullion as shall be licensed by His Majesty (such Licences being entered in the Books of the customhouse for the Port of London) so as the same be exported before the hrft Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety five, and do not exceed seven hundred thousand Ounces of Silver, to be applied for the Payment of His Majesty's Forces.

Sheriff to Ic allowed the 40 I. in his accourt?, and if not sufficient in his Hands, to be repaid lytic Treasury.

By 3 Geo. 1. c. 15. 4. the

Sheriff may apply tn the Lord Treasurer.

Person guilty on convictin^ tn others pardoned.

Apprentice discovering made a Freeman.

Proof of Foreign Bullion lie upon the Owner, See.

Penalty upon Exporter not entering in Name of Owner, C

Certain Quantity of Bullion exported by the King saved. Farther Provi*

jior.s concerning

the Coin, 89TV. 3. C 26.9 & 10 TV. 3. C 1, 1 Ann. flat 1. C 9. and 15 Geo 2. C 28.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals and Culm, for carrying on the War against France. Continued per Stat. 7

8 W. 3- cap. 31. But half the Duties on Glass and Glass Wares, and the whole Duties on Stone and Earthen Wares, taken away per Stat.9 & 10 W. 3. cap. 45. and afterwards the remaining

half Duty on Glass and Glass Wares taken away per Stat. 10 & 11 W. 3. cap. 18.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

' YY/E Your majesty's most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, for a C further Supply of Your majesty's extraordinary Occasions, for and towards the necessary Defence of Your Realms, and carrying on of the War against the French King, do humbly present Your Majesty with the Gift of the Impositions, Rates and Duties, herein after mentioned; and do beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted:

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Sorts of Coals and Culm ex rom 5- cept Charcoal made of Wood) which from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September in the d^ttesun^c 1

Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, shall he water born, or shall be laid on Board any or Culm brought

Ship or Vessel to be carried, imported or brought, or which shall be carried, imported or brought in any into any Pott Ship or Vessel, into any Port or Place in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Bcr givenforyytars. wick upon Tweed, from any Port or Place within the said Kingdom, Dominion, or Town of Berwick, or These Duties are from the Kingdom of Scotland, in or during the Space of five Years, commencing from the said nine and granted twentieth Day of September, there shall be paid and answered unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors t, y JO & n w. (over and besides all other Impositions, Duties and Sums of Money, in any wise due or payable for the 3. c.n. same) the several and respective Impositions, Rates, Duties and Sums of Money following (that is to say) Particular Rates, (r) For every Chaldron of all such Sorts of Coals as are usually sold by Measure, reckoning six and thirty Coaj rerchal buftiels to the Chaldron jfinchejhr Measure, the Sum of five Shillings. (2) And for every Chaldron of droids.

4 F s Culm,

: 8 8

Coal pertun 5 $.

Increased and continued by 7

C 18. Anno sexto & Guglielmi III A.D. 1695.

Culm jcr chal Culm, reckoning six and thirty Bushels to the Chaldron Winchester Measure, the Sum of one Shilling, dron is. (3) And for every Tun of all Sorts of Coals usually sold by Weight, imported or carried in any Ship or Vessel from any Part of England or ivales, or from Scotland, into any other Part or Place in England or Wales, reckoning twenty hundred Weight to each Tun, the Sum of five Shillings.

XV. Which laid several impositions, Rates, Duties and Sums of Money aforesaid, shall from time to time, during the said Term of five Years, be answered and paid at the respective Ports and Places of Im w C 1 portat on, or landing of the said Coals and Culm, unto His Majesty, Plis Pleirs and successors, or to such

9 & 10 vv.'j. r." Officer or Personas shall by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by the Commissioners of His Maj'

10 & n jefry's Customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, under their Hands and Seals, be thereunto w. 3. C 21. appointed, by the Matter, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Charge of 3 Ann: «, fiats. any Ship or vessel on which any such Coals or Culm shall be laden, or wherein they shall be imported, C 4, Amur, carrje(j or brought, before Bulk of the said Ship or vessel shall be broken, or any the said Coals or Culm C 19. 8 Ann, unladen, and before any Metre, Measurer or Weigher shall be appointed for the Measuring or Weighing c. 9 Anna, C thereof; upon Receipt wheteof, the Party appointed to receive the same shall without Delay, See or Re

6. & C zz. 12 ward, deliver a Receipt under his Hand, to the Person or Persons who shall pay the said Duty; which re annejftat. C ceipt shall for so much be a sufficient Discharge; all which Ships and Vessels, and of the Coals and |j'eo cj Culm therein imported or brought, due Entries shall be from time to time made in the Customhouse of

C 23. 3 Geo. r. nr belonging to such Port or Place, where such Importation shall be made (if any Customhouse be there) C 7. 5 Geo. 1. or else in the Customhouse of the next Port or Place where such Importation shall be; and in case any C 9. & C ig. of the said Coals or Culm shall be unshipped, to be laid on Land, before the Impositions, Duties or Sums 1 cgco !'i C 21 respectively due for the same shall be paid or secured, that then, as well the said Coals and Culm

Duties to bc'paid f unshipped, as alto the Ship or Vessel out of which the same shall be so unshipped, with all her Guns, in thepottofiin taclcle, Furniture and Ammunition, shall be forfeited and lost; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be portation before unto his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall seize. Breaking Bulk. sue or inform for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by if Coals heknet action of £)ebt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no eftoin, protection or Wager of Law shall be

ed before Duties, ., '

paid, both Coals admitted.

and Ship are

XVI. And to the end that the said Impositions and Duties may be duly answered and paid, without Fraud forfeited. or Covin, and for the better levying and collecting thereof, and for the Discovery of the just Quantities of all Sorts of Coals and Culm, to be water born, imported or unladen as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, His Heirs or successors, or to or for any four or more of the said Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, by Writing under their a ° o^tweth ^anc*s and Seals, from time to time, to assign and appoint, within each Port or Place within the said king efsf°who shall om England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, such and so many Metres, Weighers and Measurers of the said Coals and Culm, as shall within the Term aforesaid be imported, brought or landed in such Port or Place, wherein or for which such Metres, Weighers or Measurers, shall be assigned or appointed as aforesaid; hall from time to time measure and weigh all such Coals and Culm so imported or brought, and when and as soon as any such Ship or Vessel shall be unladen, shall forthwith deliver a true Certificate in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, unto the Person or Persons appointed to receive the said Impositions or Duties within such Port or Place, of the Sorts, Quantities and Numbers of Chaldrons or Tuns of Coals or Culm respectively, which shall be measured or weighed, and delivered from on Board any such Ship or Vessel, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds; and in case it shall appear by such Certificate or otherwise, that there was on Board any such Ship or Vessel a greater Number of Chaldrons or Tuns of Coals or Culm, than for which the said Impositions or Duties hereby imposed shall have been answered and paid as aforesaid, that then in every such Case there shall be paid unto His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, by the Master or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, for every' Chaldron or Tun of Coals or Culm so concealed, over and above the Impositions and Duties aforesaid, the Sum of ten Shillings; for which, in case of Refusal to pay the same, such Ship or Vessel, with the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel thereof, or any Part thereof, shall and may be attached and detained by the Officer or Officers for the time being, in such Port or Place appointed to receive the said Impositions or Duties, or to measure or weigh the said Coals or Culm, until Payment thereof, and to sell the said Ship or Vessel, Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, or any Part thereof, in case all the said Impositions, Duties or Payments before mentioned, for the said concealed Coals or Culm, shall not be paid and satisfied, with reasonable Costs and Charges for such attaching, detaining and selling, rendering the Overplus; which Sale shall be good and effectual in Law.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That if the Importer, upon such Certificate delivered in by the Measurer or Weigher, shall within the Space of six Days after the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, give in his post entry, and satisfy and pay the whole Duty for the Surplusage of the said Coals or Culm, appearing upon the unlading of such Ship or Vessel, then upon such Payment the Penalty aforesaid shall be discharged.

XVIII. And for the Manifestation of the Truth and Certainty in the Premises, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers to be appointed in each Port and Place for the receiving of the said Impositions or Duties, and for the weighing and measuring of the said Coals and Culm, shall respectively keep one or more Book or Books for every such Port or Place, wherein they shall respectively

Receivers of the enter down a true Account of all such Sums of Money, which shall be paid or received for or upon Account custnms.who are of the said Impositions or Duties, and of all the Payments and Disbursements of the same; and also a true

10 return it into Account of the Numbers of Chaldrons and Tuns of Coals and Culm so imported and unladen in any iltctxcheijucr. such port or Place, and of the respective Sorts thereof; and the Moneys arising by the Impositions and

Duties aforesaid are to be paid into the Receiver or Receivers General of the Customs for the time being, and by them to be paid and returned into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for His Majesty's Use,

where

The King or Four corpmif tioners of the

certify the Weight of the Coals.

lo s. per Chaldron foi feited for paying less than certified.

forfeiture saved by Port entry and Pityinent within 6 Days.

Officers to keen a Book of Account', and to pay the juoney to the

C 18. t, 89

where the same shall be kept and entered in Books distintfl and apart from any other Branch of His Majesty's Revenue.

XIX. And for the encouraging of all such Ships or Vessels as shall be employed in bringing Coals for Allowance of ftipplying the City of London, and other Ports of this Kingdom, at more reasonable Rates than during this Seamen to Coal War they have hitherto been; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sh, p.s. ar'd p nine and twentieth Day of September, there shall be allowed yearly, from the fifteenth Day of April un i^reffin till the first Day of January, free from impressing, to every Matter of any Ship or Vessel employed in the them" '1'" 'ns Coal Trade, two able Seamen (such as the Matter shall nominate) for every Ship or Vessel under one n&uw. 3. hundred Tun, and one for every fifty Tun, for every Ship or Veflci of one hundred Tun and upwards C 13. §. 8. Burden, according to the.measurement which such a Ship or Vessel shall appear to be of, by a Certificate Ann. C zz. which shall be produced from the Custont House of what Number of Tuns such a Ship or Vessel hath paid for, by an Act for laying a Duty on Tunnag? of Shipping; and if any Captain, Lieutenant or other Officer, shall by any Authority whatsoever presume to impress or take any of the Men allowed by this Act, such Captain, Lieutenant or other Officer, shall forfeit to the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel ten Pounds for every Man he shall so impress or take, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Acttion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no eftoin, pro teilion, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed, and shall also be made incapable of holding any Place, Office or Employment, in any of His Majesty's Ships of War.

XX. And whereas the Imposition upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts is so great, that it is almost a 0 Anr, C 6.

' Prohibition, to the great Diminution of His Majesty's Customs, the lessening of the Engliflo Navigation, §.5.

' and the Exportation of Coals beyond the Seas: 'bor Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals exported beyond the Seas in Foreign Bottoms shall, during the Continuance of this act, only, pay ten Shillings the Chaldron; and in English Bottoms, only three Shillings the Chaldron; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of May one thous m.d. six hundred ninety five, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, or His Officers in the Receipt of His Exchequer by His Command and Appointment, to borrow and take into the said Receipt, at Interest, for His Majesty's Use, by Way of Loan, any Sum or sums of Money, which together aclaufeofloan with the whole Value or Amount of all the Sums of Money which shall be collected, levied and paid by virtue oc 564, 7001. of this Act, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of five hundred sixty four thousand seven hundred up, onctrh^eat<ft ac Pounds; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be taken up or borrowed, shall and may be charged upon 7 'per en the Credit of His Majesty's Exchequer in general; and Tallies of Loan, and Orders for Repayment of the same, shall be levied accordingly, which Orders shall be assignable and transferable from one person to another.

XXII. And it is hereby cradled and declared, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be if this Supply

borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid, together with the interest for the same, not exceeding the Rate of faileth in pay seven Pounds pr per Annum, to De paid every three Alonths, until Satisfaction of the Principal, ment, the next

shall be payable and be paid or satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her or Ald s'fn to their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, out of the Moneys arising by this Act, so far as the same shall charged extend; and so much as the said Act shall fall short or be deficient for paying, the same shall be payable,

and be paid or satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, out of any of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to His Majesty in Parliament; and shall be transferred and transferable thereunto, as soon as any such Aid or Supply shall be if no Aid given granted; and in case no such Aid or Supply shall be granted to his Majesty before the second Day of Fe before Feb. 3, bruary one thousand six hundred ninety five, then the said Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, Exchequer not exceeding as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be payable, and be paid and satisfied to the said cljarsed* Lender or Lenders, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns respectively, by and out of any of His Majesty's Treasure, which from thenceforth shall come into, be or remain in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, not being already appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Time made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nine of the Ships of War, Part of Nine Ships to the forty-three, which by an Act of this present Session of Parliament were appointed to cruise in several Suaid the Coal Stations to guard the Coasts and Trade of this Kingdom, are hereby appointed to eruife or convoy (that is lrade

to say) six on the Northern Coasts, and three on the Western Coasts, in such Stations as shall be directed by the Lord High Admiral of England, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral

of England for the time being, for the better protecting and preserving such Ships and Vessels as shall be employed in the Coal Trade.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be allowed, to every. Months Time

Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, three Months Time for the Payment of the Duty imposed by for paying the this Act, good and sufficient Security being given for the same, Inch as the Collector or other Chief Of Duties, and the ficer of the Port or Place where such Goods shall be imported or brought, shall approve of, or if such Alai Duties to be refer or Owner shall pay present Money, there shall be allowed him after the Rate of ten Pounds per Cen "[0 "Ex'

turn per Annum for such prompt Payment; and if any of the Coals, for which the Duty hereby granted, por atl0"'

paid, or secured, at the Importation thereof, be again exported to any other Place of this Kingdom, or to

any Parts beyond the Seas, then the aforesaid Duty shall be wholly repaid, or the Security vacated, upon due Proof thereof in usual Form.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Money that shall be Appropriation levied or paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon Loans as otherwise, by virtue of this Act, of the Moneys and also by one other Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An act for granting to His Ma coifing by this

jffiy

C 18.

in the Pound to be observed.

Coal Metres al

590 C 18. Anno sexto & Guglielmi III A.D. 1695.

jnjthemarii.ieojvy/ji certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Att. Derm of five Tears, for carrying on the jvar against France, The Sum of four.) hundred forty-eight thousand

6&7v .3.06. ^uni]re(l ail(j twelve Pounds shall be and is hereby appropriated for the Services of the Navy and Ordnance for Sea Service, performed and to be performed, and for Pay of the Officers and Soldiers of the two Marine Regiments (that is to say) out of this present Act, two hundred thousand Pounds, and out of the last recited Act, the Sum of two hundred forty-eight thousand seven hundred and twelve Pounds: And that all other Moneys, which shall be levied and paid by virtue of this and the aforesaid Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon Loans, as otherwise, shall be applied and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the Payment of his Majesty's Land Forces and Armies, and the paying for Arms, Ammunition, and other Charges incident to the War, and not otherwise.

Rules in the Act

XXVI. And for the more effectual doing thereof, and that the Sums by this Act appropriated may not of i w. & m. fl. be diverted or applied to any other Purpose than is hereby declared and intended, be it enacted by the Au 2. C 1. for 2s. tlaority aforesaid, That the Rules and Directions appointed and enacted in one Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of two Shillings in the Pound for one Tear, for the speedy Payment of Money thereby granted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the Collectors and Receivers, and for Distribution and Application thereof and keeping distinct Accounts of the same, and all other Provisions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures thereby enacted, in case of Diversion of any Money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enacted to be in Force; and shall be practised, applied, executed, and put in ure, for and concerning the Distribution and Application of the said Sums hereby appropriated, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if the same were here particularly repeated and re enacted.

u, u,

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Weight, me teadyvwornvtiu tage, and Admeasurement, of all Coal and Culm, brought to or landed in the Port of London, or in any to continue. other Port or Place, where there are sworn Coal Metres, shall be taken by such Coal Metres for the Farther Prof time being, as now it is, and they to give an Account thereof upon Oath in Manner aforesaid; thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

C 41, j7 Geo. 2. c. 35. 19 Geo. 2. 35. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26, 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 31 Geo. %, C 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. ard 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

Penalty fortrad '

XXVIII. And whereas notwithstanding the Seals and Marks that are appointed and used by the com inginalamojes, s missioner of His Majesty's Customs upon Foreign Black Alamodes and Lustrings, in order to prevent

L £ Frauds, and the Seal and Seals also used by the Lustring Company, ill Men do daily import fraudulently

£ great Quantities of French Alamodes and Lustrings into this Realm, and do utter and fell the same, by £ which Means also they have Opportunities to export Wool and Money out of England, to the great £ Prejudice of this Nation For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no rer

son or persons shall presume to deal or sell, buy or fell again, or send beyond Sea, any black Alamodes or

Lustrings, unless they have the Seal or Seals, Mark or Marks, which are already used for Foreign Goods at the Customhouse, or the Seal and Mark also used by the Lustring Company, for the Goods manitfactured by them in England, under the Forfeiture of all such unqualified Goods, and also shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Offence; one half to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other half to the use of such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or otherwise, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at 23 Geo. 2. C9S' Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, and no more

20. and 16geo. than one Imparlance.

2. f.21.

XXIX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Buyer of such Goods, not sealed

Buyer, on dif according to Law, shall, within twelve Months after such Offence committed, discover the Person or cover ng the Eel. persons of whom he ball buy the same, he shall not only be discharged of the Penalty to which he is hereby liable, but shall also have and receive to his own Use one Moiety of the Sum hereby imposed upon the Party or Parties that shall sell or dispose of any such Alamodes and Lustrings without the Seal or Vlarks aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall alter, counterfeit, or misapply any of the Seals or Marks now used, and hereby required to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in like Manner as is herein before mentioned.

XXXI. And whereas upon the Act made thejaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches, the Commissioners being thereby enabled to licence

for the' Hackney Stage Coaches; and it being enacted, That no Licence continue longer than for one Year from the Coaches not to Date thereof; and it being also enacted by the said Act, That no Person shall presume to drive or let to grant Licences £ Hire any Stagecoach or Coach Horses, without having such Leave or Licence, as the said Act directs; for longer Time £ it hath been doubted whether the said Commissioners might make new Licences for Stage Coaches, after than June, 95. C the Determination of the first, and so to continue for the Term of one and twenty Years, and what £ was intended by the general Prohibition of Stage Coaches not having such Licences, without having £ any Restraint or Limitation of Time For explaining of which Doubts, be it enacted, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend or be construed any way to empower any Commissioners, that are or shall be appointed by virtue of the said Act, to make or grant any Licence to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to drive or let to Hire any Stagecoach or Coach Horses, to continue or be in Force after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety five. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all Leases or Licences heretofore made, and which are to continue after the said four and twentieth Day of June, as for all the Time after the said four and twentieth Day of June, shall be and are hereby declared null and void to Intents and Purposes whatsoever. And It is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in the

3 said

C not havin; the Customhouse Mark, a &9w; 3. C 36. f 3. Farther Frovi jions concerning <si/lcs, 9Gf 10

c. 3oSf43

5 Ann. C 20.

6 Anne, 19.

S Geo. 1. c. 15.9 Geo. 1. f. 8.

1 Geo. 2. c. 37.

er, to be discharged, Sec,

ico 1. for counterfeiting

the Mark.

WM,

C 22

Comm'

said Act contained shall extend or be construed to be any Prohibition, whereby any Person shall be retrained from driving, or letting to Hire, any Stagecoach or Coach Horses, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June. And if the said Commissioners, or any of them, by reason of the Obscurity of the said Act, have made any Mistake, by granting or giving Licences to drive or let to Hire Stage Coaches or Coach Horses to continue longer or after the said four and twentieth Day of June, for so doing the y and every of them are hereby indemnified.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir Bazil Flrebrace, Charles Bates Esquire, and James Crags \ EXPAND

restraining them from alienating their Estates.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the King's most gracious, general and free Pardon.

EXP.

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI III septimo Sc octavo.

AT the Parliament b'gun at Westminster the two and twentieth Day of November, Anno Dom. 1691; in the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILL IA M the Third, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Ffc.

CAP. I.

An Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

WHEREAS the Silver Coins of this Realm (as to a great Part thereof) do appear to be exceedingly 25 Ed. 3. Hat. 5. diminished by such Persons, who (notwithstanding several good Laws formerly provided, and ^- many Examples of Justice thereupon) have practised the wicked and pernicious Crime of clipping, until 3 C c6&7*

1 at length the Course of the Moneys within this Kingdom is become difficult, and very much perplexed, j eiij, 7c'. II

' to the unspeakable Wrong and Prejudice of His Majesty and his good Subjects in their Affairs as well iseliz. C r.

' public as particular, and no sufficient Remedy can be applied to the manifold Evils arising from the 6* 7 w. 3.

Clipping of the Moneys, without recoining the dipped Pieces Now to the end a regular and effectual C J

Method may be observed and put in Execution in and for the recoining of the said dipped Moneys, whether

the same be Sterling Silver, or be Silver of a coarser Allay than the Standard; and to the end the Loss

upon the said Moneys so to be recoined, to wit, the Quantity of Money that is dipped away or deficient 1 Haw. A C

in the said Moneys, may be better known and adjusted, in order to the making Satisfaction for the same by ch' J

a public Charge or Contribution, C

EXP.

A regular Method to be kept for recoining of dipped Money. On or before 1 Feb. 1695. the dipped Money in the Exchequer to be told, weighed, and entered particularly, and afterwards melted, allayed, and coined.

New Money to be brought into the Exchequer, and placed to Account. See 7 W. 3. C 18. §.36.

Account to be kept in the Exchequer of the new Moneys brought from the Mint. Deficiencies to be made good. Receivers, cof the Revenue to take dipped Moneys, being Sterling Silver, or Silver of a coarser Allay, at the same Value as if unclipt. Tellers of the Exchequer may receive dipped Money, and' take it for Loans, unless otherwise specially directed. Clipped Money received for Loans to be kept apart, be number'd, C and deliver'd to the Officers of the Mint to be coined, and placed to the respective Accounts in the Exchequer. Account to be kept of the new Money brought from the Mints. deficiencies to be made good. Moneys to be under the Methods prescribed by this Act. Hammered Money unclipt to be punched, and not current unless struck through. Penalty. Farther provided for by 7 & 8 W. 3. C 19. §. 11. Justices of the Peace to determine Complaints. Officers making Default, to pay double Damages. Out of every 100lb. of Silver Troy, ^olb. to be coined into Shillings, and 10 lb. into Sixpences; and in case of Omission forfeit 20l. Altered by 7 & 8 W. 3. C 3c. §. 47. Sixpences not clipped to Farther Pro. current." -

lit Coin, 7 Of S

W. 3, C 1-9. S'fif9TF* 3. C 26.9IOTV, 3. C 21. I ann.fiat* i. C 9, and 1$ Geo. 2

CAP. II.

An Act for enlarging the Times, to come in and purchase certain Annuities therein mentioned, and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first extraction, for carrying on the War against France.

WHEREAS in and by an Act lately made and passed in Parliament, to wit, in the Session held 6&.7w. 3. c.j*.

Vy at Westmir.fler, in the sixth and seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for en abhng such Persons as have Efates for Life in Annuities payable by several former Acts therein mentioned,

592 C 2. Anno septimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1695.

' to purchase and obtain further or more certain Interesls in such Annuities, and in default thereof for admitting t other Persons to purchase and obtain the same, for raying Moneys for carrying on the War against t ranee, it was enacted, That it horrid and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being intituled to any Estate for one Life, of and in any Annuity purchased or obtained upon former Acts therein mentioned, or any of them, ad any Time before the four and twentieth Day of July, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, to advance and pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's ' Exchequer so much Money as every or any such Annuity, being computed for four Years and an half, ' should amount unto; and that every such Person, or such as he should nominate, upon such Payment made, should be intituled to the same Annuity during the Term of ninety six Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety five, in such Manner and Form as in the said Act is mentioned: And it Was thereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, ' being intituled to any Estate for one Life in any such Annuity or Annuities, should not before the said and twentieth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety five, advance and pay into the Receipt of Exchequer such Rate or Consideration Money, as is before mentioned, that then and in every such Case, it should and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time and Times after the faij four and twentieth Day of July, and on or before the twelfth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety five, to contribute, advance, and pay, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, so much Money, as any such Annuity, being computed for five Years, did or should amount unto; and that every such Person, on fuel] Payment made, should have a good Estate and Interest in any such Annuity so to be purchased, during the said Term of ninety six Years; subject nevertheless to the said particular Estate for Life in being: And that Tallies should be levied, and Orders drawn and signed, for the same, ' in such Manner as by the said Act is prescribed, as by the same, Relation being thereunto had, more plainly and at large it doth and may appear:

II. And whereas diverse Persons, in Pursuance of the said recited Act, did, within the said respective Times thereby limited, contribute or pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer several Sums of Money, ' amounting in the whole to two hundred thirty-five thousand nine hundred fifty-one Pounds and six Pence, for purchr.sing further or more certain Estates in some of the Annuities before mentioned

III. And whereas the Persons who are or may be intituled to such of the said Annuities as do till de pend upon single. Lives, and wherein further Estates' are not already purchased by the said former Act, ' 'are or may be willing and desirous'(in case of their or any of their Neglect or Refusal) other Persons may yet be willing and desirous to purchase and obtain a Term of Years, as aforesaid, in the Annuities

' last mentioned, or some of them, at the like Rates, or for such Considerations, as were prescribed by the said former Act, so as further Times be allowed them for the doin<nthereof: 'Now, for the better Encouragement of such Persons who hail so contribute Moneys for the Purpose aforesaid, and for the better supplying of Moneys, with as much Ease as may. be, for the carrying on the War against France

Persons intituled IV Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the one^life^ir^he" kor<l Spiritual and Temporal, and the Comnjons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au xas 4 &°5 w. thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Forefgn & m. C ers, being (as original Contributors, or by Mesne Assignments, or by other lawful Ways and Means) m

5 & 6 w. M. titled to any Estate for one Life (viz. his own, or the Life of any other Person) of or in any Annuity

c-20 purchased or obtained upon the several Acts of Parliament mentioned in the Act above recited, or any of

them, or such as they mall nominate, at the Rate of one hundred Pounds for every fourteen Pounds per ylnnum, at any Time before the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, to advance and pay into the Receipt of Plis majesty's Exchequer, so much Money as every or any such Annuity, being computed for four Years and an half, doth or shall May for 631. amount to (that is to say) Every such Person shall or may pay to His Majesty's Use, for every one hundred more purchase Pounds that was paid for the single Life, in any Annuity of fourteen Poundsster Annum, the Sum of sixty ihertfidueof three Pounds more, for changing or converting the same into a certain Term for the Residue which shall Years61 °9be then to come of the said ninety six Years, or for a further Interest for the Residue of the said Term of ninety six Years, to take Effect after the Estate for Life, as aforesaid, and in the same Proportion for higher or larger Annuities.

Persons intituled V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being' intituled to Estates for to any Estate for one Life in being in any such present Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, or such as they Life, not paying fa]] nominate, shall not before tl e said four and twentieth Day of June advance and pay into the Receipt moneymbre Exchequer such Rate or Consideration Money as is before mentioned, for changing such his, her, or 2.4 June, may, their Estate for Life, into a Term certain, or for a future Interest, as aforesaid; then and in every before 29 Sept, such Case it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons whatsoever, Natives or Foreigners, 3696. pay 70l. having or not having any Property or Interest in such Estate for Life, at any Time or Times after the said c7 Years fur ant twentieth Day f June, and on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September, in the Year of e ears' our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, to contribute, advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, so much Money as any such Annuity, be ng computed for five Years, doth or shall amount to (that is to say) For every hundred Pounds that was paid for the single Life in an Annuity of fourteen Pounds a Year, there shall be paid, in all the Cases last mentioned, the Sum of seventy Pounds for an Interest for the then Residue of the said Term of ninety six Years, to be reckoned as aforesaid, and to be charged with and subject to the present Estate for Life, of and in the same or the like Annuities; and there r. shall be paid a Rate or Consideration in the same Proportion for Annuities exceeding fourteen Pounds a a Rate fan? Year And that all and eve y the Person and Persons, so paying the Consideration Moneys as aforesaid, shall unities exceeding immediately upon payment of their Moneys be intituled by this Act to such Annuity or Annuities so to be .14l. per Ann. purchased, and the same shall be charged upon such respective Fund or Revenue in the said recited Act mutled to such mentioned, as if the Consideration Money so to be contributed or advanced for the same had been actually Annuity, advanced

A.D. 1695. Anno septimo gulielmiiii. C 3. 593

advanced or contributed within the respective Times limited by the said former Act; and that all and every All chus s in the Directions, Powers, and Clauses, in the said recited Act contained, for or concerning the levying of gn£rccj^, i Tallies, or making forth of Orders, or for making Transferrences or Alignments, or for the appropriating C s nf, t]'one4 or applying the Moneys arifmgby the said Funds or Revenues, or any of them, or for appointing, settling, revived by this or establishing, any other Matter or Thing, for or in Relation to the respective Annuities thereby purchased Act, or obtained, shall be and are by Force and Virtue of this Act revived, and shall be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of such Annuities as shall be purchased or obtained upon this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Directions, and Clauses, were here again expressed, or particularly repeated.

1 VI. And whereas in and by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of His Majesty and the late »\V.&M*. ff.*.

Queen Mary of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the disiilung of Brandy and Spirits C 9.

from Corn, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, itwasenacted, 1 Gc0, C LI

That from and after the four and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six

' hundred and ninety, until the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, there should be paid by way of Excise, unto their Majesties and their Successors, Excise on Bran for all Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, drawn by Distillers, or other Makers of Spirits d>'> lw wine!'

' and Strong Waters for Sale within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties granted by the Act last mentioned shall be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid to His Majesty's Use, for the carrying on of the War against the French King, from the to be raised from four and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety five, to the five and twentieth Day of >695.

March one thousand six hundred ninety six, and no longer; and that the said last mentioned Act, and all 31 C '

the Powers, Provisions and Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained, concerning the said Duties All Powers con which were thereby granted, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said five and twentieth tained in the Day of March, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answer ft id Act to be ing, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, according to the Intent and Meaning of this present Act. tj1

CAP. III.

An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason.

WHEREAS nothing is more just and reasonable, than that Persons prosecuted for High Treason Z^EJ. s

and Misprision of Treason, whereby the Liberties, Lives, Honour, Estates, Blood, and Posterity C e.

' of the Subjects, may be lost and destroyed, should be justly and equally tried, and that Persons accused as

Offenders therein should not be debarred of all just and equal Means for Defence of their Innocencies in such Cases; 'in order thereunto, and for the better Regulation of Trials of Persons prosecuted for High Treason and Misprision of such Treason; it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day From March of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, ajl and every Person and Persons i5g5. Persons whatsoever, that shall be accused and indicted for High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may ln.dlssed for or shall be made to any such Offender or Offenders, or to any the Heir or Heirs of any such Offender or jco^of' Offenders, or for Misprision of such Treason, shall have a true Copy of the whole Indictment, but not the the Indiftnfent Names of the Witnesses, delivered unto them, or any of them, five Days at the least before he or they; Days before shall be tried for the same, whereby to enable them, and any of them respectively, to advise with Counsel Trial, paying thereupon, to plead and make their Defence, his or their Attorney or Attorneys, Agent or Agents, or any for tlle hme> of them, requiring the same, and paying the Officer his reasonable Fees for writing thereof, not exceeding? A" nic' CI SI Five Shillings for the Copy of every such Indictment; and that every such Person so accused and indicted, and to make arraigned or tried for any such Treason, as aforesaid, or for Misprision of such Treason, from and after the their Defence said Time, shall be received and admitted to make his and their full Defence, by unfel learned in the by Counsel ami Law, and to make any Proof that he or they can produce by lawful Witness or Witnesses, who shall then Witnesswon be upon Oath, for his and their jufi Defence in that Behalf; and in case any Person or Persons so accused or indicted shall desire Counsel, the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, or some Judge Court autho of that Court, shall and is hereby authorised and required immediately, upon his or their Request, to n'z=d to aflien assign to such Person and Persons such and so many Counsel, not exceeding Two, as the Person or Persons count<j> shall desire, to whom such Counsel shall have free Access at all seasonable Flours; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the find five and twentieth Day of March in the n0 Person to be Year of cur Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be indicted, tried for High tiied, or attainted, of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may or shall be made to any such Teafon, but on

Offender or Offenders, or to any the Heir or Heirs of any such Offender or Offenders, or of Misprision of 0aF'1 ofa. such Treason, but by and upon the Oaths and Testimony of two lawful Witnesses, either both of them lene 's' to the same Overt Act, or one of them to one, and the other of them to another Overt Act of the same Treason; the Party indicted, and arraigned, or tried, shall willingly, without Violence, in open Court, confess the same, or shall stand mute, or refuse to plead, or in Cases of High Treason shall peremptorily challenge above the Number of thirty-five of the Jury; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That any Person or Persons, being indicted, as aforesaid, for any of the Treasons, ln<jiaei1

or Misprisions of the Treasons aforesaid, may be outlawed, and thereby attainted of or for any of the said ay Offences of Treason, or Misprision of Treason; and in Cases of the High Treasons aforesaid, whereby Benefit of this

Vol. III 4 G the Art.

594 C 4-

Anno septimo Guglielmi III

A.D. 1695.

the Law, after such Outlawry, the Party outlawed may come in, and be tried, he shallj upon such Trial, have the Benefit of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if two or more distinct treasons.of diverse Heads or Kinds shall be alleged in one Bill of Indictment, one Witness produced to prove one of the said Treasons, and another Witness produced to prove another of the said Treasons, shall not be deemed or taken to be two witnesses to the same Treason, within the Meaning of this Act.

V. And to the Intent that the Terror and Dread of such criminal Accusations may in some reasonable Time be removed, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be indicated, tried or prosecuted, for any such Treason as aforesaid - for Misprision of such Treason, that shall be committed or done within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, after the said five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our! Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, unless the same Indictment be found by a Grand Jury within three Years next after the Treason or Offence done or committed.

VI. And that no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted for any such Treason, or Misprision of such Treason, committed or done, or to be committed or done, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, 1

within 3 Yeats. or Town of Bervjick upon Tweed, before the said five and twentieth Day of March, unless he or they shall be indicted thereof within three. Years after the said five and twentieth Day of March; always provided and excepted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be guilty of designing, endeavouring, or attempting, any Afiaflination on the Body of the King, by Poison or otherwise, such Person or Persons may be prosecuted at any Time, notwithstanding the aforesaid Limitation.

VII. And that all and every Person and Persons, who shall be accused, indicted, and tried for such Trea 1 Da s on as aforesa'4 or fr Misprision of such Treason, after the said five and twentieth Day of March in the

before Trial 35s Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, shall have Copies of the Panel of the Jurors who are to try them, duly returned by the Sheriff, and delivered unto them and every of them so accused and Process of the indicted respectively, two Days at the least before he or they shall be tried for the same; and that all Court to' compel Persons so accused and indicted for any such Treason as aforesaid, shall have the like Process of the Court Witneifoto ap w]iere they shall be tried, to compel their witnesses to appear for them at any such Trial or Trials, as is usually granted to compel witnesses to appear against them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be admitted or given of any Overt Act that is al nt, laid in not expressly laid in the Indictment against any Person or Persons whatsoever.

r"p"r

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no rndiftment for any of the Offences aforesaid, nor any Process or Return thereupon, shall be quashed on the Motion of the Prisoner, or his Counsel, for mil writing, mif spelling, false or improper Latin, unless Exception concerning the "nleft^exce tion same ta^cen anc made in the respective Court where such Trial shall be, by the Prisoner or his Counsel be maiaeforc 'assigned, before any Evidence given in open Court upon such Indictment; nor shall any such mif writing, Evidence given.'mif spelling, false or improper Latin, after Conviction on such Indictment, be any Cause to stay or arrest And not to Hay Judgement thereupon: But nevertheless any Judgement given upon such Indictment, shall and may be liable

One V tness to onetre.ifon, and another to another, not to be deemed z witnesses.

No Person to be indited for Treason, nnlei's within 3 Years after Offence.

No Prosecution, unless iodidled

Exception,

Persons tried to have Copies of

pear,

No Evidence of a6*ts not laid ir the Indictment.

No Indictment to be quashed for

to be reversed upon a Writ of Error, in the same Manner, and no other, than as if this Act had not been made.

X. And whereas by the good Laws of this Kingdom, in Cases of Trials of Commoners for their Lives, ' a Jury of Twelve Freeholders mu ft all agree in one Opinion before they can bring a Verdict, either for Acquittal or Condemnation of the Prisoner:

' And whereas upon the Trials of Peeis or Peeresses, a major Vote is fuiricient, either to acquit or condemn Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Trial of any Peer or Peeress, either for Treason or Misprision, all the Peers who have a Right to sit and vote in Parliament shall be duly summoned, twenty Days at least before every such Trial, to appear at every such Trial; and that every Peer, so summoned and appearing at such Trial, shall vote in the Trial of such Peer or Peeress so to be tried, every such Peer full taking the Oaths mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; and also every such Peer subscribing and audibly repeating the Declaration mentioned in An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, ly difailing Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, and made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of the

late King Charles the Second.

XII. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor an' thing therein contained, shall any ways extend to, or be cor.flrued to extend to any Impeachment or other Proceedings in Parliament, in any Kind whatsoever,

XIII. Provided also, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall any ways extend to any in-20 Geo. 2. c. 30, distment of High Treason, nor to any Proceedings thereupon, for counterfeiting His Majesty's Coin, His Nor to counter Qrcat Seal, or Privy Sea], His Sign Manual, or Privy Signet. [The Benefit hereof is extended by 2 & 3

atjftre, cap. zo. §. 43. to Treasons within that act.j

1. 13 VP 3. C 3 & 6. 1 Ann. fiat, z. C 17. 2 3 Anne. 20. 4 Ann. C 8. 6 Ann. C 7. 7 Ann

39. 19 Geo. a. C 9. 20 Geo. 2. c. 30 & 46.

Judgement.

Jury of 12 Freeholders.

Peers to be summoned 20 Days before Trial 5 and shall take the Oaths, C

1 W. & M.'

IT. 1. C 8.

30 Car. 2. flat, 2. C 1.

not to extend to any Ini peachment in Parliament.

feiting the Coin, ktar,

Farther Vroviftons concerning Treason, 9IV 3. C C zi. 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2, tf. 33. 37 Geo. 2. C

CAP. IV.

An Act for preventing Charge and Expense in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS rievous Complaints are made, and manifestly appear to be true, in the Kingdom, ' of undue Elections of Members to Parliament, by excessive and exorbitant Expenses, contrary to the Laws, and in Violation of the Freedom due to the Ekftion of Representatives for the Commons of

4 ' England

595

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III C 5, 6.

' England in Parliament, to the great Scandal of the Kingdom, dishonourable, and may be destructive to the Constitution of Parliaments Wherefore for Remedy therein, and that all hledtions of Members to Parliament may he hereafter freely and indifferently made without Charge or Expense; be it enacted and declared by our Sovereign Lord the King's moss Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons hereafter to be elected to serve in Parliament for any Candidates, afrtr County, City, Town, Borough, Port or Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or the Terteoi' the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, after the Tejle of the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or after the wr*t» or after Tcjh or the issuing out or ordering of the Writ or Writs, of Election upon the calling or summoning of any Parliament hereafter, or after any such Place becomes vacant hereafter in the Time of this present or of orpro any other Parliament, shall or do hereafter, by himself or themselves, or by any other Ways or Means on rahingany Pre. his or their Behalf, or at his or their Charge, before his or their Election to serve in Parliament for any f«nt or Reward County, City, Town, Borough, Port or Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or tl1 W f'erf°n Town of Benvick upon Tweed, directly or indirectly give, present or allow to any Person or Persons, hav ing Voice or Vote in such Eieftion, any Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment or Provision, or make any " Present, Gift, Reward or Entertainment, or shall, at any Time hereafter, make any Promise, Agreement, 2 Geo. i. r.4, Obligation or Engagemlint, to give or allow any Money, Meat, Drink, Provision, Prefenr, Reward or i6gco.*. c.n. Entertainment, to or for any such Person or Persons in particular, or to any such County, City, Town,

Borough, Port or Place in general, or to or for the Use, Advantage, Benefit, Employment, Profit or Preferment of any such Person or Persons, Place or Places, in order to be elected, or for being elected, to serve in Parliament for such County, City, Borough, Town, Port or Place.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every Person and Persons so giving, presenting incapable so or allowing, making, promising or engaging, doing, acting or proceeding, shall be and are hereby declared serve in parlia and enacted disabled and incapacitated, upon such hdedlion, to serve in Parliament for such County, City, ment>

Town, Borough, Port or Place; and that such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared and enacted to be deemed and taken, no Members in Parliament, and shall not aft, lit, or have any Vote or Place in Parliament, but shall be and are hereby declared and enacted to be to all Intents, constructions and Purposes, as if they had been never returned or elected Members for the Parliament. [See 2 Geo. 2. cap. 24. which provides that Persons taking Money, &c. shall forfeit 500l. and be disabled to vote,

(Sc. and which Act is extended to Election of Delegates in Scotland by 16 Geo. 2. c. 11. And see farther concerning Parliaments, 7 (S 8 W. 3. C 7, 1 3, (S 25. 10 (S 11 W. 3. C 7. 11 & 12 TV. 3. C 2. 12 & 13

IV. 3. C 3 (S 10. z (S 3 Ann. C 18. 6 Ann. C 7 (S 23.9 Ann. C 5. 10 Ann. C ig Cif 23. i Geo. 1. c. 38

(S 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. 8 Geo. 2. c. 30.9 Geo. 2. c. 38. 11 Geo. 2. c. 24. 13 Geo. 2.

C 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.j

CAP. V.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for carrying on

EXP.

the War against France.

Cap. vr.

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Tithes.

FOR the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Tithes, and the Value of them, where the same continuedfur shall be unduly substracted and detained; where the same do not amount to above the yearly Value of there for 7 Years forty Shillings from any one Person; enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with ty 1011 the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons shall henceforth well 3 & 4 Anns, and truly set out and pay all and singular the Tithes, commonly called Small Tithes, and Compositions and C is. §. 1. Agreements for the lame, with all Offerings, Oblations and Obventions, to the several Rectors, Vicars, ami other Persons, to whom they are or shall be due, in their several Parishes within this Kingdom of Eng rn. V S. 564. land. Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, according to the Rights, Customs, and Pre Z'. 2.49s. feriptions commonly used within the said Parishes respectively; and if any Person or Persons shall hereafter Small Tithes not substraft or withdraw, or any ways fail in the true Payment of such small Tithes, Offerings, Oblations, paid in 20 Daji Obventions, or Compositions as aforesaid, by the Space of twenty Days at moss after Demand thereof, after Demand, then it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons, to whom the lame flrail be due, to make his or their Complaint in Writing unto rwo or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within thar County, justirer, notin riding, CI y. Town Corporate, Place or Division where the same shall grow due; neither of which Justices rerdled, of Peace is to be Patron of the Church or Chapel whence the said Tithes do or shall arise, nor any ways uuerested in such Tithes, Offerings, Oblations, Obventions or Compositions aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if hereafter any Suit or Complaint shall 18 Ed. $.j1m. 3. be brought to two or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, concerning small Tithes, Offerings, Obla 7 tions, Obventions or Compositions as aforesaid, the said Justices aie hereby authorised and required to lum fjf, 'jf moil in Writing under their Hands and Seals, by reasonable Warning, every such Person or Persons against*' +' any Complaint shall be made as aforesaid; and after his or their Appearance, or upon Default of [['[j1 their Appearance, the said Warning or Summons being proved before them upon Oath, the said Justices ^plained of of Peace, or any two or more of them, shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and upon and on Default the Proofs, Evidences and Testimonies, produced before them, shall, in Writing under their Hands and of Appearance Seals, adjudge the Case, 2nd give such reasonable Allowance and Compensation for such Tithes, Oblations determine the

4g 2 and Complaint, and

596

C 6.

Anno septimo & octavo Gu lie lmi III A.D. 1696.

may difirain, and after 3 Days Tell the same, and satisfy the Sum and Charges, rendering the Overplus,

Justices to active

Allowance, anil Compositions so substrafted or with held, as they shall judge to be just and reasonable, and also such Cofis r, ot (Jolts and Charges, not exceeding ten Shillings, as upon the Merits of the Cause shall appear just.

(xueimj ic f. jj. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons hall refuse or neglect, by the Space of onrcfufaito ten Day? after, Notice given, to pay or satisfy any such Sum of Money, as upon such Complaint and pro jay in 10 d^ys cecding shall by two or more Justices of the Peace be adjudged as aforesaid, in every such Case the con rier»ni°itlc\the stables and Churchwardens of the said l'arish, or one of them, hall, by Warrant, under the Hands and, on, 11 ts, C gea|s 0p te jpjj ju{yces co (hem directed, distrain the Goods and Chattels of the Party so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and after detaining them by the Space of three Days, in case the said Sum so adjudged to be paid, together with reasonable Charges for making and detaining the said Distress, be not ten dred or paid by the said Party in the mean Time, ball and may make public Sale of the same, and pay to the Party complaining so much of the Money arising by such Sale as may satisfy the said Sum so adjudged, retaining to themselves such reasonable Charges for making and keeping the said Distress, as the said Justice shall think fit, and hall render the Overplus (if any bej to the Owner.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Justices of Peace, in the

ministeranoath. Examination of all Matters offered to them by this Act, to administer an Oath or Oaths to any Witness or Witnesses, where the same shall be necessary for their Information, and for the better Discovery of the Truth.

Not to extend to V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to London, nor any. Tithes, Oblations, Payments or Obventions within the City of London, or Liberties thereof, nor to any Place other any other City or Town Corporate where the same are settled by any Act of Parliament in that Case par

Parliament^ticularly made and provided.

ar mmen. yj. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Complaint for or concerning any small Tithes, Offerings, No Complaint Oblations, Obventions or Compositions hereafter due, shall be heard and determined by any Justices of the left madewitwn Peac: e' by vrt: of this Act, unless the Complaint shall be made within the Space of two Years next after, years. the Times that the same Tithes, Oblations, Obventions and Compositions did become due or payable; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person finding him, her or themselves aggrieved, by any Judgement to be given by any two Justices of the Peace, shall and may appeal to the next General quarter sessions to be held for that County, Riding, City, Town Corporate or Division, and the Justices of the Peace there present, or the major Part of them, shall proceed finally to hear and determine the Matter, and to reverse the said Judgement, if they shall see Cause; if the Justices then present, or the major

Part of them, hall find Cause to confirm the Judgement given by the first two Justices of the Peace, they

confirmed, Juf shall then decree the same by Order of Sessions, and shall also proceed to give such Costs against the ap ticestogive pellant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Appellant, as to them shall cots seem just and reasonable; no Proceedings, or Judgement had, or to be had by virtue of this Act, shall

No Judgement to be removed or superseded by virtue of any Writ of Certiorari, or other Writ out of His Majesty's Courts at

levxctkk be ^(/ijniri/ier, or any other Court whatsoever, unless the Title of such Tithes, Oblations, or Obventions,

in question,

Persons complained of, infixing on any Composition,

C and giving Security to pay Costs, Justices

not to.

merit

Persons aggrieved to appeal to the Sessions, who are to determine the Matter.

If Judgement be

yand Complainant may profc

shall be in Question; Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Person or Persons complained of for substraft ing or withholding any small Tithes, or other Duties aforesaid, shall before the Justices of the Peace to whom such Complaint is made, insist upon any Prescripdon, Composition, or Modus decimandi. Agreement, or Title, whereby he or she is or ought to be freed from Payment of the said Tithes, or other Dues in Question, and deliver the same in Writing to the said Justices of the Peace, subscribed by him or her, and shall then give to the Party complaining reasonable and sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of the give Judge said justices, to pay all such Costs and Damages, as upon a Trial at Law to be had for that Purpose, in any of Kis majesty' s Courts having Cognizance of that Matter, shall be given against him, her or them, in case the said Prescription, Composition, or Modus decimandi, shall not upon the said Trial be allowed; that in that Case the said Justices of the Peace shall forbear to give any Judgement in the Matter; and that then and in such Case the Person or Persons so complaining shall and may be at Liberty to prosecute such Person or Persons for their said Subftraction in any other Court or Courts whatsoever, where he, she, or cute in any other they might have sued before the making of this Act; anything in this Act to the contrary not with court' standingf '

Judgement to he

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons, who shall by mailed at the virtue of this Act obtain any Judgement, or against whom any Judgement shall be obtained, before any juf next Sessions by tices of the Peace out of Sessions, for small 'ithes, Oblations, Obventions or Compositions, shall cause the clerks of the or procure the said judgement to be enrolled at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the said County, City, Riding or Division; the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, City; Riding or Division, is hereby required upon Tender thereof, to inrol the same; and that he shall not aik or receive for the Inrollment of any one Judgement any Fee or Reward exceeding one Shilling; and that the Judgement so enrolled, and Satisfaction made by paying the same Sum so adjudged, shall be a good Bar to conclude the said Rectors, Vicars and other Persons, from any other Remedy for the said small Tithes, Oblations, Ob iventions or Compositions, for which the said Judgement was obtained.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, against whom ing, justices may any such Judgement or Judgments shall be had as aforesaid, shall remove out of the County, Riding, City, ceitit'y the judge or Corporation, after Judgement had as aforesaid, and before the levying the Sum or Sums thereby adjudged Tafi ccs'b^ w"r to levlec*' the Justices of the Peace who made the said Judgement, or one of them, shall certify the same, rant may ksy°r* unc^er his or their Hands and Seals, to any Justice of Peace of such other County, City or Place, wherein the Sum ad the said Person or Persons shall be Inhabitants; which said Justice is hereby authorised and required, by judged. Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to be directed to the Constables or Churchwardens of the Place, or one

of them, to levy the Sum or Sums so adjudged ro be levied, as aforesaid, upon the Goods and Chattels of

3 such

Peace;

and to bar Vicars from any other Remedy

Persons remov

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Gu lielmi III C 7. 597

such Person or Persons, as fully as the said other Justices might have done, if he, she or they had not removed as aforesaid; shall be paid according to the said Judgement.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Vicar or other Person shall have Remedy to recover Small Tithes t small Tithes, or other Dues aforesaid, which became or were due before the making of this Act, unless e recovered be complaint be.made to the Justices of the Peace in form aforesaid, before the first Day of October, which fcrt > °oll, r shall be in the Year of our lord one thousand six hundred ninety six.

XII. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That the said Justices of the Peace, who shall hear and dc Jnflieesmaygive (ermine any of the Matters aforesaid, shall have Power to give Costs, not exceeding ten Shillings, to the Cofi? not* Party prosecuted, if they shall find the Complaint to be false and vexatious; which Costs shall be levied in cccd'r6 10si Manner and Form aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued for anything If the Plaintiff

done in Execution of this Act, and the Plaintiff in such Suit shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuit, or he nonsuit, Ptr

a Verdict pass against him, that then, in any of the said Cases, such Person or Persons shall recover double Ionha re Costs 1 double Costs.

XIV. Provided always, That any Clerk, or other Person or Persons, who shall begin any Suit for Re Suits for Tithe

covery of small Tithes, Oblations or Obventions, not exceeding the Value of forty Shillings, in His Ma not exceeding jesty's Court of Exchequer, or in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, shall have no Benefit by this A dt, or any Benefit by thi"0 Clause in it, for the same Matter for which he or they have so sued. Act. '

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act hall continue for the Space of three Act to continue Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual 3 Years.

3 Ann. C l8.j Farther Provi-

Jions respect tng Tithes, 11 £? 12 TP. 3. C 16. 'which is made perpetual by L Geo. I. C 26,

CAP. VII.

An Act to prevent False and Double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

whereas.false and ouble Returns of Members to serve in Parliament are an Abuse of Trust cmtuuia by 12 in a Matter of the greatest Consequence to the Kingdom, and not only an Injury to the Persons

' dulychofen, by keeping them from their Service in the House of Commons, and putting them to great Expense to make their Elections appear, but also to the Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports,

' by which they arechofen, and the Business of Parliament disturbed and delayed thereby; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tyre

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the same, That all false Returns wilfully made, of any Knight of the Shire, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of False e etumsof

the Cinque Ports, or other Member to serve in Parliament, are against Law, and are hereby prohibited; pr0'

and in case that any Person or Persons shall return any Member to serve in Parliament for any County, y^at^be 3

City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, of the false Return

Right of Election in such County, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place, that such Return so made shall and is hereby adjudged to be a false Return.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Party grieved, to wit, every Person that shall be duly elected to Party grieved serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place, by such false Return, may sue sue 1aa"y the Officers and Persons making or procuring the same, and every or any of them, at his Election, in any ter T riot' His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and shall recover double the Damages he shall sustain by cover double reason thereof, together with his full Coils of such Suit. Damages.

III. And to the end the Law may not be eluded by double Returns, be it further enacted, That if any 1 Luty ls4* > Officer shall wilfully, falsely and maliciously, return more Persons than are required to be chosen by the TE ilke.ef' Writ or Precept on which any Choice is made, the like Remedy may be had against him or them, and the officer return" Party or Parties that willingly procure the same, and every or any of them, by the Party grieved, at his ingmore Persons Election. than required.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts, Promises, Bonds and Securities whatsoever, here 2 Geo c 24 after made or given, to procure any Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, or anything relating ^"oc^ere^ thereunto, be adjudged void; and that whoever makes or gives such Contract, Security, Promise or Bond, e

or any Gift or Reward, to procure such false or double Return, shall forfeit the Sum of three hundred Pounds; one third Part thereof to be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, another third Part thereof r>ena!tj'* to the Poor of the County, City, Borough or Place concerned, and one third Part thereof to the Informer, with his Costs, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

- V And for the more easy and better Proof of any such false or double Return, be it enacted by the All Clerk of the thority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Crown for the time being shall from time to time enter, or cause Crown to enter to be entered, in a Book for that Purpose to be kept in his Office, every single and double Return of any ever' Rctllyn Member or Members to serve in Parliament, which shall be returned, or come into his Office, or to his Hands, and also every Alteration and Amendment, as shall be made by him or his Deputy in every such aji Persons to Return; to which Book all Persons shall have free Access at all seasonable Times, to search and take true have Acccft ta Copies of so much thereof as shall be desired, paying a reasonable Fee or Reward for the same: And that the Book, and the Party or Parties prosecuting such Suit, shall and may at any Trial give in Evidence such Book so kept, Bouk' or or a true Copy thereof, relating to such false or double Return, and shall have the like Advantage of such ^n'in evu^ Proof, as he or they shoukl or might have had by producing the Record itself; any Law, Custom or Usage

to

598 C 8 — 10. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

Clerk noten to the contrary notwithstanding;. And in case the said Clerk of the Crown shall not within six Day after iring Returns m any returnflir.il come into his Office, or to his Hands, duly and fairly make an Entry or Entries as afore cepty makingc ir 1x1 a^e any Alteration in any Return, unless by Order of the Ifoufe of Commons, or give any

any Alteration, Certificate of any Person not returned, or shall wilfully neglect or omit to perform his Duty in the pre or omitting to misses, he shall for every such Offence forfeit to the Parley and Parties aggrieved the Sum of five hundred perform his Du Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid, and shall also forfeit and lose his said Office, and be for ever incapable ty, to forfeit of having or holding the same.

his office. e

VI. Provided always, That every Information or Action grounded upon this Statute shall be brought information to within the Space of two Years after the Cause of Action shall aiife, and not after.

be within 2

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Add shall continue for the

Years. _ Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament and no longer. [Made fcvy«"nue perpetua by iz Annae, Stat. i. Cap. 15.

Sit Pojt Ch. I 15. And for farther Provisons relating to paaiamcnr, 10 & II TV. 3. C 7. 11 fef 12 IV 3. C 2. 12 fi? 13 TV. 3. r, 3 10. 2 3

Ann C 18. 6 Ann. C 7 S' 2; .9 Ann. CC 10 Ann. C 19 Sf 23 1 Geo. t. c. 3s & 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24, 6 Geo. 2. c. 2 & 8 Geo. 2. c. 30.9 Geo. 2.

C 38. 11 Geo. 2. c. 24. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. VIII.

Exp, An Act for taking, examining and stating the Public Accounts.

CAP. IX.

EXP.

An Act for repairing the Highways between the City of London and the Town of Harwich in the County of

essex. Act to continue 15 Years, unless Roads be sooner amended.

CAP. X

An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandise imported, for carrying on the War ao ainfl France.

O,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Further conti WE Your majesty's most dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, for a further sup nued by S Annae, y, p]y to \ our Majesty, for the more effectual prosecuting the present War against France, have chcar b" a e fully and unaniniously given and granted unto Your Majesty the Impositions and Duties hereafter men9 Anna;, C 21. tioned, for and during the respective Terms hereafter expressed, and do beseech Your Majesty to accept

§. 1.'thereof, and that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Impositions and Duties upon Wines and

1 Jac. 2. C 3. Vinegar, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, intituled,

An Act for granting His Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty and five, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety three; which said Act by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of

2 W. & M. ff. the Reign of His Majesty and the late Queen (of Bluffed Memory) was continued from the three and

a. C 5, twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety three, until the four and twentieth Day of June

one thousand six hundred ninety six, and by another Act of Parliament made in the fourth and fifth

4 & 5 W. & M. Years of their Reign, was further continued from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand

C IJ six, hundred ninety six, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight,

shall be continued from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, until the nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven Duties on Wines hundred and one, and no longer; and that the said first mentioned Act, and all Powers, Provisions, penal and Vinegar ties, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect, until the said continued to 29 njne anc] twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, and shall be applied, prac r'7 tiled, and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying, the said Duties hereby.

continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, had been again repeated in this Act, and particularly enacted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties, and Impositions, for t Jac. 2. C 4. all Sorts of Tobacco, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James,

entitled. An act for granting to His i/iuifiy an Impoftion upon all tobacco and Sugar imported, between the four and twentieth Day of June cue thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the four anil twentieth Day of June Duty on Tobacco one thousand six hundred ninety three; which said Act, as for and concerning the said Duties and Impositions continued to 29' on Tobacco only, by an Act' of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of His Majesty and the Sept. 170t. said late Queen, was continued from the three and twentieth Day of June in the said Year one thousand

iw.at.ir. six hundred ninety three, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety six, 2. C 4x15 and by another Act made in the fourth and fifth Year of their said Majesties Reign, was continued from

W. mc. 15. the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and nineiy six, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, shall be continued from the three and twentieth

C 10. 599

ticth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, until the said nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, and no longer.

III. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties How to vc paid, upon Tobacco, which were granted by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late 1 pc. ic. 4.

King James, and continued, as aforesaid, and which by the said acts were made payable by the first

Buyer, and subject to the Rules of Excise, in the several Parts' of Management thereof, shall, for all such Tobacco as shall be imported between the first Day of A lay one thousand six hundred ninety six, and the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, be secured, collected, raised, levied, answered, and paid to His Majesty, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Ail, in the Method herein after particularly diroiled, and with such Discount and Allowances to the Merchants as are herein also mentioned, and no otherwise; anything in the said former Aits to the contrary notwithstanding: And that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Custoras for the time being, or any four or more of them, be authorised and empowered, and the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to give the necessary Directions for securing, collecting, 'raising, levying, answering, and paying, to His Majesty, the Lid Duties upon Tobacco, and to make the Discount and Allowances to the Merchants herein after mentioned, for all such Tobacco as shall be imported between the said first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, and the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Means, or Ways, and under such Penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and expressed in o, northeast A CL of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the IZ Car 2 C Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Sitbftdy granted to the King of dunnage and Poundage, and 12 ar' 'other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandise exported and imported, and the Rules, Directions, and Orders, thereunto annexed, or any other Law now in Force, relating to the Collection of Elis majesty's Customs; which said act and acts, and every Article, Rule, and Clause, therein contained, shall Hand and be in Force for the Purposes aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional and other Rates, Irrt

?ofitions, Duties, and Charges, upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the said Second Year of their said Majesties Reign, intituled An act for granting to their 2 W. & m.fiv Majesties certain Impoftions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures, and upon all wroiight Silks, and feve 2 ral other Gooch and Merchandise, to be imported after the five and twentiemh Day of December one thousand

hundred and ninety, and which were thereby to have Continuance until the tenth Day of November one india°gao.?s*thousand six hundred ninety five, and by another act made in the fourth and fifth Years of their said Mac. con inuedto jellies Reign, were continued from the ninth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety five, Sept. 1701. until the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety seven, shall be further continued from 4 & 5w & the ninth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety seven, until the nine and twentieth Day of 2'w'& M. September, one thousand seven hundred and one; and that the said act, intituled, An Act for granting to C 4, 'to continue their Majesties certain Impoftions upon all east-india Goods and Manufactures, and upon all wrought Silks, and in Force. several other Goods and Merchandise, to be imported after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and effect, until the said nine and twentieth Day of September, 2 W. & m.ff. 2. and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying, C 4. the said Duties hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last mentioned act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, had been again repeated in this act, and enacted particularly, except only as to such Exception. Part of the said acts, touching which other Provisions or Alterations are made by any act or acts of Parliament now in being, which other Provisions or Alterations are to be observed, and to continue during the Continuance of this act.

V. And whereas the Methods prescribed by the said recited act, granting the said Duties upon To

made in the first Year of the late King James the Second, have been found prejudicial to Trade, 1 jac. 2. c. 4.

' and grievous to the Merchants concerned in paying the same: Therefore, for the more easy and better

Collection of the said Duties for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Security to Fnporter to give

be given for the said Duties upon Tobacco be by Bond to be given by the Importer thereof, with one or more sufficient Sureties, for Payment of the Duty at the End of eighteen Months from the Importation, tacco.

and that there be a Discount of ten per Centum, for prompt Payment of the said Impost Duty, if the same Discount on ftnll be paid within three Months from the Date of the Entry, and of eighty Centum at any Time after prompt Pay, wards within six Months from the same, of six per Centum if within nine Months, of four per Centum ifmenl> within twelve Months, of two per Centum if within fifteen Months; but after fifteen Months expired, there shall be no Discount at all; that on any Payment of the said Duty for Tobacco tobeconfumed here, there be an Allowance for the future of eight Pounds per Centum, for the Merchants Encouragement, in SI. percent. Consideration of Waste and Shrinkage in the Cellars; that the Security given by the Importers for eighteen Months be discharged by Debentures referring to the particular Entries on Exportations, at any Time shrinkage, within twelve Months from the Importation, and not after that Time; that there shall be an Allowance of See 7 Geo. 1. four Pounds per Centum, in consideration of Waste that may arise on any Tobacco so exported, to be struck stat. i. C 21. § off only from the Entry, and not to be paid where the whole Quantity entered shall happen to be exported; J°' & " that the Debentures for half Subsidy, Additional and Impost Duties of the same Quantity of Tobacco exported be one or more Parchment or Parchments, and that the Oath be printed thereon in hac verba, to be waste of to signed and sworn by the Exporters, That all the Tobacco entered and shipped, as thgre certified, is really bacco. and truly exported for Parts beyond the Seas on his own Account, if he acts for himself; or if he acts by Corniniffioii, then on the Account of such Person or Persons, for whom the Deponent acts in the direction

6oo C 10. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

of the Voyage; and that none of the said Tobacco has been since landed, or is intended to be re danded, in England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

malntoand be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Management or Ordering of bacco.on ° Bie Duties on Tobacco, both as to the Entry and the Account thereof, be made during the Continuance

of this Act (except where it is otherwise hereby directed) conformable to the Methods and Rules of the Customs.

5 w. & M. '

VII. And whereas by the Act of Parliament made in the fourth and fifth Years of their said Majesties JS Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing certain A Sis therein mentioned, and for charging several Joint Stocks,

'*a Credit was given for borrowing any Sums, not exceeding five hundred thousand rounds, as well upon the Security of that Act, as of the several other Acts therein before mentioned; in pursuance whereof several Sums, amounting to five hundred thousand Pounds, were actually lent at the Receipt of Exchequer, Persons may and Part thereof doth still remain unsatisfied; 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it lenrt 1, 500, ocol. shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or cor ea this Act, C porate, to advance and lend unto His Majesty, upon the Security of the Impositions and Duties arising by this Act, and also upon Security of the Impositions and Duties, which from and after the Repayment of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall arise by the said Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of their said Majesties Reign, any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, to be supplied out of such Impositions, and have Tallies or other Duties, as are before mentioned; and that Tallies of Loan shall be levied for all and every Sum and Orders for and Sums of Money so to be lent; and that Orders, according to the Course of the Exchequer, shall be Repayment, drawn, signed, and issued, for the Repayment of the same, and for Payment of Interest, for the forbear wn ntere, ance every such Sum of Money; which Interest shall not exceed the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the first four hundred thousand Pounds; six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the second four hundred thousand Pounds; seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the third four hundred thousand Pounds, and eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the remaining three hundred thousand Pounds; and shall be payable every three Months, from the respective Dates of the Tallies of Loan, until the Satisfaction of the respective Principal Sums.

A Register to be

VIII. And to the end that all Moneys, which shall be solent unto His Majesty, may be well and suffi keptof all Mo ciently secured out of the Impositions and Duties arising and payable by this Act, and also out of the im ames lent on tms pofitj0ns and Duties, which, from and after the Repayment of the said Principal Money borrowed, as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall arise by the said Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of their Majesties said Reign, shall be respectively answered and paid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in His Majesty's Exchequer, that is to say, in the Office of the Auditor of Receipts, one Book or Register, in which all Moneys, that shall be lent into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all Moneys paid or payable to His Render to have Majesty upon any other Branch of His Majesty's Revenue, or any other Account whatsoever; that all n Talley and and every Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall lend any Orterwuhln Money to His Majesty upon the aforesaid Credit, and pay the same into the Receipt of Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with the Talley; in which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance, after the Rate so to be allowed for the same, so as such Interest do not exceed the Rates before mentioned, to be paid every three Months, until Repayment of the Principal; and that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be registered in course, according to the Date of the Talley respectively, Orders to be re without Preference of one before another; and that all and every Person and Persons, Natives or foreign y.ifired and paid ers, Bodies Politic and Corporate, shall be paid in course, according as their Orders shall stand entered in jncciirfe, the Register Book, so as that the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall have his or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Book of Register, shall be taken and accounted as the first to

he paid upon the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Act, or any the before mentioned Acts, from and after the Repayment of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof; and he or they, who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and without undue accounted the second Person to be paid, and so successivtly and in course; that the Moneys to come in Preference, end by this Act or the said former Acts, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective not divertible. Parties, their Executors, Administrators, successors, or Assigns, respectively, without Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and not to be divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatso no See to be ever; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any of His taken for re Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books, Registers, Entries, Views, or Search, in Eiftring or or for payment of Money lent, or the Interest as aforesaid, by any of majesty's Officer or Officers, their

searching, C Qerk; S or Deputies, upon Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending with

Penalty on Of Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose His Place 1 ficer for making also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry, or Pay Entry or contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending

ayment, C jje ]jable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, Damtiges, and Costs, to

the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office: And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as afore directed, then he or they shall be judged to forfeit, and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Ac ^pendties how to tion, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid. All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Da mrecoveted, mages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks,

shall

C 10. 601

shall or may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orno undue rrr. ders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those he enters first, folie enters them

all the same Day.

X Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point of or where Money Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Oris ri, fcrvl'd (ot ders of Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did 1>0), me'u'

not come to demand their Money, and bring their Orders, in their Course, so as there be so much Money

reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them; In Interest to cf

terest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them. rrom that Tin, f'

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, Natives or So Ordirscmrcd reigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom any Moneys shall be due by Virtue of this Act, after m3)' be affined. Order entered in the Book of Register for Payment thereof, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

by Indorsement of his or their Order, may assign or transfer his or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipts aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall Entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon:

And such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so titles quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in Assignee may the Power of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who have or hath made such Assign assign asaic, ments, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XII. And whereas great Frauds and Abuses have been and are daily committed, to the Prejudice of His Majesty's Revenue, by Pretence or Colour of exporting Tobacco and other Goods by Land Carriage into Scotland, and obtaining Debentures for the same, although in truth such Goods have not been really exported, or if exported, have been again clandestinely returned into this Kingdom, which Practice is hardly e possible to be prevented upon the Borders It is hereby further enacted, That from and after the five and No Debenture twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, no cor°jtn dto"the* Debentures shall be allowed for any Goods pretended to be exported, but for such only as shall, according b^olc of Rates to the second Rule annexed to the Book of Rates, be slipped for Transportation, and the shipping thereof and the flapping testified by His Majesty's Searcher and ltnder Searcher in the Port of London, or the Searcher of any of the testified.

Out Ports respectively, and all the other Requisites of the said Rule duly performed.

XIII. And whereas by a late Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Im 4 & 5 W. & M,

pojitions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, the Sum of twenty Shillings is imposed on every Tun of Lapis c. 5 ' Calimanaris exported from and after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-two, which

is found by Experience to hinder the Exportation thereof, and utterly to ruin the Manufacture Where Lapis Calamina

fore, for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth risto pay only Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six, the Sum of two Shillings only shall be paid for every tavethjrate" Tun of Lapis Calimanaris exported, over and above the Rates thereon charged by the Book of Rates, the; n t), e Rook said Act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, to be collected as in and by the u pw, 3, C said Act is directed and appointed. 20. §. 9.

XIV. And for the Encouragement of such Persons as shall make sail cloth in England, be it enacted by 1 Anna., flat. 1. the Authority aforesaid, That so much of English made sail cloth as shall be found fit for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, shall have the Preference of all Foreign sail cloth; and the Commissioners of the Navy c]"|'h'to jl.'e are hereby directed and required from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, to contrast and Prefetence. agree for such English made sail cloth, and to allow the Makers and Manufacturers thereof arecompence of Makers to have twopence per Yard for the same, above what they pay for Foreign Cloth of equal Strength and good 2d. per Yard ness. "

XV. And whereas by reason of great Losses befallen Traders during the present War, many Persons, 9r

' who are Debtors to the King for new Impostor additional Duties of Goods already imported, have been / nn "'2 ' forced to abscond, but yet are willing to pay what they are able; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or ariy three or more Persons not able of them, or the Lord Treasurer for the time being, according to their Discretion, to compound with such to pay tl.e new Person or Persons as have sustained great Losses by the present War, and have been forced to abscond, for impofls' may any Moneys by them or any of them due or owing for new Impostor additional Duties, or any Bond or c0lr; pun

Bonds given for securing of new Impoll or additional Duties, although such Imposition or Duty on which the Debts owing by such Person or Persons are appropriated to particular Uses, so as this Power shall not extend to any such Debts contracted, or Bonds given, after the first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety fie; anything in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas several Merchants trading with the United Provinces in several Sorts of coarse Linens, Linen Cloth

eommonly called bore/apps, have of late been compelled to pay Cuilom for the same as Hollands, which called boicupps comes to above thirty-five Pounds per Centum, whereby the said Trade To useful to the poorer Sort of to be enured ad

People) is not only like to be lost, but the Customs thereby much abated Be it therefore enacted by the n^Authority aforesaid, That all such Linen Cloth known or commonly called by the Name of Borclapps, not exceeding twenty-eight Inches and an Half in Breadth, nor twelve Pence an English Ell in Value, shall be,

entered all valorum during the Continuance of this Act, and pay all other Duties accordir.glv.

Vol. 111. a H

60 2 C io.

Anno feptiino Sc octavo Guglielmi III AD. itc, 6.

Bxr iron un wrought, &c.

IV. ay b? imported from Inland, and diteliarj ed of the Duties lit

4 & 5 y7, & M.

C 5.

5 W. 3. C 20.

to.

R. us of Gold Coin efublished*

Guineas.

I I a h guineas. Doulle guineas. 5 1. Pieces. Penalty.

: 1

XVII. And whereas the Scarcity and Dearness of Iron in this Kingdom have of hte much discouraged the Manufactures thereof, in which great Numbers of the Poor are employed For Remedy whereof for the future be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to import into this Kingdom, from Ireland., any Bar iron unwrought, and Iron slit or hammered into Rods (other than Suedish or other Foreign Iron) discharged of the Impositions and Duties laid upon the same by an Act made frjath'e fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of their Majesties King wili.iam and Queen Mauv, intituled An act for granting to their Majrjlics certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for the projecting the War against France; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And fijr preventing the further Increase of the Rate of coined Gold, and the Mi (chiefs which may thence befall this Realm, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person lull receive, take, or pay, any of the Pieces of Gold Coin of this Kingdom, commonly called Guineas, at any greater or higher Rate than twenty six Shillings, for each Guinea, and not to exceed the same in Proportion for the Pieces of Gold

None compelled lo take Guineas at 26 s.

Vid, Pcjl. Ch. 19. Loan upon Credit of the Moneys for Annuities.

7 6c 8 W. 3, C

Tallies of Loan, and Orders.

Interest at 61. percent,

To be paid every 3 Months.

Moneys lent not divertlble.

Exceptions.

Loans and interefis unfatitried to be paid out of the next Aids,

of out of the King's Tieafure, Moneys lent not to be taxed, nor Fees taken.

No undue Preference in Repayment.

sue or inform for the same, to be recovered, with Cofis of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance. And be it declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to compel any Person or Persons to receive any Guinea or Guineas at the said Rate of twenty six Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the last Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety five, it shall and may be lawful to and for. any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer, upon Credit of the Moneys to be contributed or advanced for Annuities, by the Act made and passed in this present Parliament, holden in the seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times to come in and purchase certain Annuities, therein mentioned, and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on Love Wines or Spirits of the firfft Extraction, for carrying on the War against France, any Sum or Sums of Money, as, together with the whole Value, or Amount of all the Sums of Money which have been or shall, before the said last Day of February, be contributed or advanced for Annuities on the said Act, shall not exceed the Sum of three hundred eighty-two thousand four hundred sixty nine Pounds; and Tallies of Loan shall be levied for the same, and Orders for Repayment shall be drawn for the Principal Moneys so to be lent, and fer Interest thereof not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum; which said Orders shall be assignnhle and transferable from one Person to another.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be lent, in Order and Course, according to the Time of lending the same, and the Interest thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid every three Months, until Satisfaction of the Principal, shall be. payable and satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of the Moneys which from and after the said last Day of February. shall arise and be brought into the Exchequer, upon the Act last mentioned, by or for Contribution or Consideration Moneys for the Annuities before mentioned, so far as the same will extend; and the Moneys so arising by or for Contributions as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Satisfaction of the Principal Moneys to be lent in Course, and the said Interest thereof, and not he diverted or divertible to any other Use, except only such Part of the said Contributions or Consideration Moneys, as by any other Act of this present Session of Parliament (if any such be) may be directed to be applied to the Payment of Principal, Interest, and Reward for milled, broad, or unclipt Moneys, to be lent upon the Credit of the Contribution or Consideration Moneys aforesaid; and in case the Moneys so arising by Contributions shall not be sufficient fer the paying of the said Loans, and the Interest thereof, then then the said Loans, which shall remain unsatisfied, and the Interest of the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the then next Aids or Supplies to be granted to His Majesty in Parliament, and shall be transferred or transferrable thereunto, as soon as any such aid or Supply shall be granted to His Majesty; and if no such Aids or Supplies shall be granted to His Majesty before the second Day of February, which shall be in the Year of cur Lord one thousand six hun dre 1 ninety six, then the said Sum and Sums of Money, so to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be payable, and be paid and satisfied to the said Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, respectively, by and out of any of His Majesty's Treasure _ from thenceforth flrall come into, be or remain in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, not being already appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Time made; and that the Moneys so to be lent on the Credit last mentioned, filial 1 not be taxed or charged to any Tax or Aid whatsoever; and that no Fees or Gratuities shall be demanded or taken in the Exchequer, for the making or repaying of the Loins last mentioned, or for; he Interest thereof, and no undue Preference shall be given in the Repayment of the same Loans, under the like Penalties to be incurred by the Officers or Clerks in the Exchequer rd peftively, for the demanding or taking of such Fees or Gratuities, or for the giving of such undue Preference, as are prescribed in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, For granting to His Majestpan Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, for taking or demanding of any Fees or Gratuities, or for giving any undue Preference, in Respect of the Loans authorised to be made upon Credit of the said Aid of four Shillings in the Pound.

CAP. XI.

An Act for impowering His Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find Cause 1 X p to suspect are conspiring against His Royal Person or Government.

WHEREAS there has been a moll horrid, barbarous and detestable Conspiracy formed and carried on by Papills and other wicked and traitorous Persons, for assassinating His Majesty's Royal Person, in order to the encouraging an intended Invasion from France, to the utter Ruin and Subversion of theprotestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom: Wherefore for the better Prefer vation of his Majesty's Sacred Person, and for securing the Peace of this Kingdom in this Time of imminent Danger, against all Attempts and traitorous Conspiracics of evil disposed Persons, He.'

CAP. XII.

An Act for relier of poor Prisoners for Dc'ot or Damages. EXP. 22. % Car.

C JO.

CAP. XIII 30 Car. 2. slit.

C 7-

An Act for taking off" the Obligation and Encouragement for Coining Guineas for a certain Time therein*M' '

mentioned. i<cp'. s w. 3.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for making navigable the Rivers of Wye and Lugg in the County of Hereford. The Rivers Wye and p r.

Lugg to be deemed common for carrying of Goods, rowers vested in the commissioners in Trust for the 13*>4 Car of the County of Hereford. The Directions in the former Act to be observed. Wears to a liriv: ite ag he pulled down, making Satisfaction to the Owners. Commissioners, or any seven, may examine on Oath; settle the yearly Value of Wears, u'c. and proportion the Purchase Money. Commissioners Decrees to be binding, and preserved upon Record. Money to be levied on the County of Hereford. How to be assessed. Sum not to exceed 3777.47. 5d. per Menfetn. County and City o 1 Hereford, and Borough of Lcominjhr, to be assessed 4, 526l. 13 s. L CL per Annum, as the Commissioners shall direct. Commissioners of the Land Tax 7 W. 3. C 5. to be Commissioners for the said Assessments. Commissioners Power. Collectors Allowances. Commissioners to meet, and put the Act iir Execution. And to nominate a receiver-general, who shall give Security, and account for Money received. Register to deliver a Copy of Orders and Accounts at Michaelmas Sessions. Commissioners may build Warehouses with Surplus Moneys. Cujlcs Rotulorum of the County of Hereford to have Account of Moneys disbursed. Commissioners to have the same Power for cleansing the said Rivers, as any Commissioners of Sewers. A.

Register and other Officers to be appointed. Monthly Sum to continue from 24 June 1696, to 24 fitiie 1700. Trustees may borrow 16, 000 7. at 4 7. percent. Right of Fishing reserved. Earl of Kent, C to make and maintain a new Lock on the River at or near to New Wear, and build a House for a Person to live in, to keep the said Leek, and to allow him 10 7. per Annum. Ten Yards of New Wear to be taken 12 Inches lower than the Ioweft Part thereof. Snares, Nets, H'c. not to be laid. In case of Omission or Neglect for 7 Months after 25 March 1696. Trustees may employ Workmen todothe fame, and repair the Lock, in case of Omission after four Weeks Notice. In case of Nonperformance, to levy by Distress on the said Farm, with Coils. No Privilege to be allowed. Trustees not to pull down the iron mil) or Wear. If the Earl of Kent removeth the Wear and Lock, Obligation to cease. Tenants,

He. hindering Boats, or destroying the Fish, to forfeit 7. if sued in six Months. Grants made by the Earl of Kent, £tc. of Filling in the said River after 24 June 1696, to be void.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the continuing, meeting, and sitting of a Parliament, in case of the Death or Demise

of His Majesty, His Heirs and successors.

WHEREAS this Kingdom of England may be exposed to great Dangers, by the Invasion of So ' V feigners, or by the traitorous Conspiracies of wicked and ill disposed Persons, whenever it Ufa!)*please God to aftlift these Realms by the Death of our Gracious Sovereign King William (whom God. long preserve) or by the Death of any of His Heirs and Successors, before a Parliament can be summoned and called by the next Heir and Successor to the Crown For Preventh n whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and 1 lie Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this present Parliament, or any other Parliament, which hall hereafter be summoned and called by His Majesty King William, His Heirs and successors, shall not determine or be dissolved by the Death or Demile of His laid Majesty, His Heirs and successors; but such Parliament shall, and is hereby enabled to continue, and is hereby in; powered and required immediately to meet, convene and sit, and to act, notwithstanding such Death or Demise, for and during the Time of six Months, and no longer, unless the same filed 1 be sooner prorogued or dissolved by such Person who shall be next Heir to the Crown of this Realm of England in succession, according to an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of King w11-. 4 II 2 LIAM

L Ana. C S.

§ 4-

6 Ann. C 7. 4.

Parliament to ft fur 6 Months afwr the King's Death, cnless sooner dissolved by thesucceiicr*

1 W. & M. ft, ft. C 2,

liam and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Successton of the Crown: And if the said Parliament shall be (o prorogued, then it shall meet and sit on and upon the Day unto which it shall be prorogued, and continue for the Residue of the said Time of six Months, unless sooner prorogued or dissolved as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby fu rther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be no Parliament in being, at the Time of the Death or Demise of His Majesty, or any of His Heirs and successors, then the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and sit, and is hereby empowered and required to act as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Parliament had never been dissolved.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or abridge the Power of the King, His Heirs and successors, to prorogue or dissolve Parliaments, nor to repeal or make void one Act of Parliament made in the sixth and seventh Years, of the Reign of His present Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and call ing of Parliaments, but that the said Act shall continue in Force in everything that is not contrary to, or inconsistent with the Directions of this Act. See Poji. Ch. 25. And for farther Provisions relating to Parliament, see 10 £5 11 TV. 3. C 7. 11 & 12 TV. 3. C 2. 12 id 13 TV. 3. c.j & 10. 2 & 3 Ann. C i3. 6 Ann.

C 7 IP 23.9anne. 10 Ann. C 19 & 23. 1 Geo. 1. c. 38 & 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. 8 Geo.

2. C 30.9 Geo. 2. c. 38. 11 Geo. 2. c. 24. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20., 15 Geo. 2. C zz. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo.

z. C 14. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

In case of no Parliament, the last preceding to act.

Act not to abridge the king's Power to prorogue or dissolve Parliaments.

43c 7 W. 3. c. 2.

EXP.

13 & 14 Car. 3*

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety six, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue four former Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

j3 a 14car.2. ' WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of our late c. 10- Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine

18 Car. 2. C 3. ' upon the Northern Borders of England: And whereas also another Act was made in the eighteenth Year 29^st 30 ar. 2. t Gf faj(3 King, intituled, An Act to continue a former Act to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England: Both which Acts were continued by another Act made in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of the said late King, intituled, An Act for Continuance of two former Adk ' for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern - Borders of England, for and during the Space and ' Time of seven Years, and also from thence until the End of the first Session of the then next Parliament and whereas the three aforementioned Acts were continued by another Act made in the first Year 1 Jac. i. C 14. ' of the Reign of the late King James the Second, intituled, An Act for Continuance of three former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, for and during the Space and Term of eleven Years, and also from thence unto the End of the first Session of this present Parliament; The Powers in which Laws have been found very necessary for the Preservation of those Places from that great nunn the fore men her of lewd, disorderly and lawless Persons, that usually infefted and frequented those Parts Be it there t'inued for r°n' Pre enactecj Sy the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi years. 5 ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Continued fur same. That the said four former Acts, and all and every of them, and every Matter, Clause and Clauses there for n therein contained, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given, shall be, continue and re yew by, Zr* mann fujl Force from henceforth, for and during the Space and Term of five Years, and also from thence 6 geo 2 g. 37. unto the the Session of the next Parliament.

17 Geo. 2. C

40.

CAP. XVIII.

Rep. 20geo. 2. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates or Duties upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency

t. 3. of the clipped Money. From 25 March 1696, for seven Years, every Dwelling House inhabited to pay

2 s. House with ten Windows to pay 4s. per Annum, above the 2 s. Twenty Windows, 8 s. per Annum. to be paid half yearly. For the Increase and Continuance, &c. of these Duties see9 & 10 W. 3. C 20.

1 Annas, stat. 1. C 13. 5 Anns, C 13. 7 Anns, C 7. 8 Annae, C 4. 3 Geo. 1. c. 8. §. 18. 3 Geo.

1. C 3. §. 22. and C 19. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. §.61. Duties to be charged on the Inhabitants. Commissioners for the Land Tax 7 & 8 W. 3. C 5. to execute this for the first Year and meet before 7 May 1696, and divide themselves into Hundreds, and direct their Precepts to Assessors to appear inten Days. af feflors to certify the inhabited Houses, and Number of Windows, with the Names of the Inhabitants, and what they ought to pay. Two Persons to be coiieftors in each Parish, for whom the Parish to be answerable. Assessors to take the Oaths by 1 W. Sc M. ft. 1. C 8, Certificates of Rates to be returned before4 June 1636, Commissioners to issue their Warrants for collecting the Duties. Money collected to be paid to the receiver-general in twenty Days after Receipt. In Default of Payment to be levied by. Distress. The receiver-general to pay the Money into the Exchequer half yearly. Commissioners suspecting any House not duly charged or omitted, may examine the Inhabitant, who neglecting to appear i, s to pay Double. receiver-general to have 2 d. and Collector 3 d. in the Pound. Clerks allowed id. in the Pound. Appeals may be made inten Days, and Commissioners may abate or increase the Afleft

ment.

ment and estreat it into the Exchequer. Justices of Peace to be Commissioners for the last six Years.

collectors for preceding Years to deliver Copies of their Aftefi ments, and also the Names of two able Persons to be Collectors for the ensuing Year, to the Justices inten Days after the year's End. [By 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. §. 61. Justices of Peace may appoint Collectors and make re assessments.] Hordes or Windows omitted, or not duly charged, Commissioners examine Inhabitants. On Default of Appearance, to pay Double. Letters Patents no Exemption from Payment. Non objlante's to be void. Parents or Guardians to pay for Persons under twenty-one Years of Age. Collectors not paying the Money received, to be imprisoned, and their Estates seized. The Commissioners to sell such Estate, and pay the Sum detained to the receiver-general. Commissioners not liable to the Penalties in the act of 25 Car. 2. C 2. Occupiers of Houses who pay not to Church and Poor, excepted. Houses built in Warwick ftnee the late Fire, not to be charged. 1, 200, 000l. may be lent on this Act. Interest foe 600, 000l. at 7l. percent. And for the Remainder Si. percent. Money lent not to be taxed, A Register to be kept of all Moneys paid in, and entered apart. Persons lending Moneys to have a Talley, and an Order for Repayment with Interest every three Months. Orders to be registered, and paid in Course, without undue Preference. No See to be taken for Books or Searches. Orders entered may be assigned. Assignee may assign again, and so toties quoties. Moneys coming in by Loans on this Act, other than what is appointed? ^, C for Satisfaction of the same, ts'e. to be applied for making good Deficiency of the dipped Money. Commission3

ners of the Treasury to take an Account of the Deficiencies, and apply the Money arising by this Act.

Moneys placed to the Account of such Deficiency, to be paid out so far as it will extend, and not diver tible. [These Duties were made Part of the Aggregate Fund by 3 Geo. t. C 8.]

CAP. XIX.

An to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the Remedying the

ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fourth Day of May, No Retailers of which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person keeping Liquors to use or an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse or victualling house, or selling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors by Retail, shall publicly use or expose to be used in such his or her House, any wrought or manufactured Spoons) u^oer3 Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof (except Spoons) under the Penalty of forfeiting the same, Penalty, or the full Value thereof, together with full Costs of Suit, to him, her or them, who shall sue for the n \± w. same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no ' T5' § Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or Imparlance, shall be allowed.

"All Coining Prefies not brought into the Mint before 1 March 169;, to be seized. Duties of Excise and e X P.

"Postoffice received in dipped Moneys by 7 W. 3. C 1. to be recoined, for Payment of Tallies in Course "

"to be kept of the Weight and Tale. Charges excepted. New Moneys to be issued for Payment "of Tallies and Interest. Account to be kept of the dipped and new Moneys."

VI. And for the more effectual prohibiting the melting down the Coin of this Kingdom, and Silver Plate wrought within this Realm, and the Exportation of the melted Silver and Bullion of this Kingdom, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the last Day of Aiarch one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall ship or cause to be shipped or put on hoard any Vessel or Ship whatsoever, any melted Silver or Bullion whatsoever, either in Bars, Ingots, Wedges, Cakes, Pinas, or in any other Form whatsoever, unless a Certificate be first had and obtained from the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, Oath having been made before the said Court, by the Owner or Owners of such melted Silver or Bullion, and likewise by two or more credible Witnesses, that the same melted Silver and Bullion, and every Part and Parcel thereof, was and is foreign Bullion, and that no Part thereof was (before the same was melted) the Coin of this Realm, or Clippings thereof, nor Plate wrought within this Kingdom; which Oath the said Court of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London are hereby required and authorised to administer, and to examine strictly all and every such Persons as shall make such Oath concerning the Premises, and likewise to make and grant a Certificate thereof, as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward; which Certificate shall also contain and express the Name and Names of the Owner or Owners of such melted Silver or Bullion, and of the Witness or Witnesses, and the true Weight of such melted Silver or Bullion; an Entry of which Certificate shall be duly made by the said Court, in a Book to be kept for that purpose; which Certificate shall be shown to the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, or four of them, before any Cocket be granted for the exporting such melted Silver or Bullion; and an Entry thereof shall be also duly made by the said Commissioners of the Customs, in a Book to be kept by them for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall ship, or cause to be shipped or put on board any vessel or Ship, any melted Silver or Bullion whatsoever, as aforesaid, without Oath, Certificate, and Entry, first made and obtained, as is before provided; in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, or any other Person or Persons, to seize such melted Silver and Bullion so shipped and put on hoard, as forfeited; one Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer and Officers, or Persons so seizing the same; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such melted Silver or Bullion, shall forfeit double the Value of such melted Silver or Bullion; one Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person that shall sue or inform for the same, 'to be recovered with Costs of Suit, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no

Pri

No Person to ship melted sil ver or Bullion without Certificate and Oath — that the fame is Foreign Bullion, and not coined cltpr, C in England.

By9Sc to W. 3* C 28. Warches, Sword Hilts, wrought Plate, C may be exported, Sc C Certificate to expressthe owner's Name, Weight of the Bullion, to be entered and given gratis.

Melted Silver or Bullion shipt without Oath,

See. Officer may seize.

One Moiety to the King, the other to the Officer.

Penalty on the Owners

6o6 C 20.

M after or Captain of a Ship to forfeit aoak

Penalty on commissioniii, C granting coc quets for exporting Bullion before Cert ificac, See.

In case of sei zute of Bullion, Pi oof: o lie on the Owners j

and for want of Proof, to be forfeited.

Bullion exported by the King's Licence, not exceeding aoo, cool. excepted.

Penalty for taking dipped Money in Payment. 7 W 3. C r. Farther Prcvijsofts concerning Coin, Sfcfg fk^c. % 6.910 3.

C 21. I Inn. fiat. I. C 9. and 15 Geo. 2. c. 28.

Guineas to be at 22 s. after 1 o April 1696.

Penalty

7 & 8 W. 3. C 10, i8.

Anno septimo & octavo guglielmi III A.D. 1696

Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Lav, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and the Captain or 1c after of such Ship or Vessel (if the same belong to a Subject] who hall knowingly permit the said melted Silver or Bullion to be put on board his said Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit to such Person or Persons as shall i'ue or inform for the same, the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in Manner as aforesaid; in case the Ship or Vessel be a Man of War, or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, then the Captain thereof shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds to any Person that shall sue for the same as aforesaid, and shall forfeit his Employment, and be made uncapable of any Office or Employment, Civil or Military.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall grant any Cocquetfor exporting of any melted Silver or Bullion whatsoever, before such Certificate first had, as by this Act is directed, and entry thereof made in the Book hereby directed to be kept by the Commissioners of the Customs; that every such Commissioner and Officer of the Customs lb: offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and be made uncapable of any other Office or Place of Profit or Trust whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seizure of any melted Silver or Bullion shall happen to be made in Pursuance and Execution of this Act, or that any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be brought for any of the Forfeitures or Penalties incurred by this Act, and a Doubt or Question shall arise thereon. Whether the molten Silver or Bullion then in Question were really and truly foreign Bullion, or prohibited to be exported, or otherwise forfeited by this Add; in every such Case the Proof shall lie on the Part of the Owner, Proprietor, or Claimer, of such melted Silver or Bullion, and unless the Owner, Proprietor, or Claimer, or the Party sued, shall prove that the melted Silver or Bullion in Question was, at the Time of the Seizure or Forfeiture thereof, foreign Bullion, and that no Part thereof was (before the same was melted] the Coin of this Realm, nor Clippings thereof, nor Plate wrought within this Kingdom, that in every such Case, for want of fufch Proof, the melted Silver and Bullion in Question shall be adjudged, deemed, construed, and taken, to be melted Silver and Bullion forfeited by this Act, and liable to the Penalties before mentioned.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not j extend to prohibit the Exportation of such Bullion of Gold or Silver as shall be licensed by His Majesty! Licences being entered in the Books of the customhouse of the Port of London) so as the same be exported before the left Day of January, which shall be in the Year one thousand six hundred ninety six, and do not exceed in Value two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to be applied for the Payment of His Majesty's Forces.

XI. And to the end the Subject, after so great a Contribution and Charge for making good the Deficiency of dipped Money, may not remain under any Part of the Mischiefs which the Continuance of the Currency of such Money will occasion, be it further enacted, That whosoever, after the fourth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, shall take or receive any such dipped Money, otherwise than according, to the Directions, and in Pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An a£ifor remedying the ill State of tbs Coin of the Kingdom, in any Payment whatsoever, as if it were lawful Money, final] forfeit double the Value of the Silver so received, to the Use of such Personas will inform or prosecute for the same, to be recovered in such Manner and Form as the Forfeiture for uttering Money dipped, after a Hole has been punched through it, in Pursuance of an Act made iri this present Session of Parliamentis directed to be recovered by the said Act; and the Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered to hear and determine such information or prosecution accordingly.

XII. And whereas the uncertain Value of coined Gold has been highly prejudicial to Trade, and an Encouragement to certain evil disposed Persons to raifo and fall the same, to the great Prejudice of the landed Men of this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person Tall utter or receive any of the Pieces of Gold Coin, commonly called Guineas, at any higher or greater Rate or Value than two and twenty Shillings for each Guinea, and so proportionably for every greater or Idler Piece of coined Gold; and whosoever shall offend herein flvall incur the Penalties and Forfeitures provided in an Act made in this present Parliament, for those that shall recceive or pay Guineas, and other Pieces of coined Gold, at a' greater o r higher e.ate than in that Act is directed, to be recovered by the same Ways and means that the Penalties and Forfeitures of that' Act are to be or may be recovered.

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandise.

Mfl Gracious Sovereign,: t I

WE Your majesty's rhoft dutiful and loyal the Commons assembled: Parliament, have cheerfully

jsfnd dhanitnously given and giautcfe, 'iiml dbvhereby give! and graivt lilito Your Majesty the additional anil other Rates, 'impofttionfe, Duties, and Charges, upoia the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandise, to be imported into the Kingdom of England? Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, 'during such Time, and in such 'Manner" and Form as herein after foiioweth; and do humbly pray Your majesty thfet it may be 'erudtedu

'll. -- And be it enacted by the King's inp ff e^oqllent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of, ! ihc lords Spiritual and Temporal, and cymhfolvs, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the; 'feme, That there shall be 'answered and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, fertile several gfo ds and Merchandizes hereafter mentioned, over and above all Impositions, 'Duties, and - '., Charges,

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III C 20. ^07

Charges, already imposed and payable upon anti for the same in the Eook of Rates of Merchandise, by '

Act of Parliament established, and the Direction therein contained or otherwise, the farther Rates and Duties following "(that is to say)

III. F or every Tun of French Wine imported from and after the twenty-eighth Day of February one French Wins

thousand six hundred ninety six, for the Term of one and twenty Years, and from thence to the End of np0ll '_1 'Q the next belli on of Parliament, and no longer, five and twenty Pounds above the Duties already charged, '7

thereupon, without any Deduction, and so proportionably for a greater or Ieffer Quantity. rho f r 21

IV. F 'or every Tun of French Brandy of Angle Proof imported after the twenty-eighth Day of February Years.

one thousand six hundred ninety six, for the Term of one and twenty Years, and from thence to the End rnndy of single of the next Session of Parliament, and nc longer, thirty Pounds: And for every Tun of French Brandy of 'roof 301. per double Proof importedj as aforesaid, sixty Pounds, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon, £un d°ubl= without any Deduction, and so proportionably for a greater or Idler Quantity. ff 0 FCI'

French Goods condemned as, Prize exempted 8 «&9W. 3. C 24. §. 5. Repealed a, to rating sevenl Goods, ad valorem, 11 Geo. i. C 7. Du; ies on French Wines and Goodr, C made perpetual by 1 Geo. 1. ilat. 2. C iz. §.3.

V For every Tun of French Vinegar imported after the said twenty-eighth Day of February one thou Vinegar 151, sand six hundred ninety six, for the Term of one and twenty Years', and from thence to the End of the ter lun' next Session of Parliament, and no longer, fifteen Pounds, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon, without any Deduction, and so proportionably for any greater or Ieffer Quantity.

VI. For all other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of France, imported after the said a)) other French twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety six, for the Term of one and twenty Gor, ds zsl. per Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer, five and twenty tad v'i °' Pounds per Centum ad valorem, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon, without any Deduction, and so proportionably for a greater or Iefier Quantity.,

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Rates and Impositions hereby imposed upon the respective Goods and Merchandizes aforesaid, shall be collected and paid according to the respective^V Rates and Proportions herein expressed, and be raised, levied, collected, and paid into his Majesty, during Geo. i. flat. the respective Times before mentioned, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Means, and C 17. §. i, 2. Ways, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned and expressed in one Act of Parliament, an, i w)ne Lees made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Sub fitly granted to the pay as King of Tannage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchaticlize exported and imported, Ratcfpenajties and the Rules, Directions, and Orders, thereunto annexed, or any other Laws now in Force relating to be as in to the Collection of His Majesty's Customs; said Act and Acts, and every Article, Rule, and izcar. 2. C 4. Clause, therein contained, shall stand and be in Force for the purposes aforesaid, during the Continuance Made Part of rhs

of this Act. ' _ ictixlt

VIII. And whereas a very useful and profitable Invention or Mystery hath been lately found out for the better and more speedy making and knitting of Worsted' and Silk Stockings, Waistcoats, Gloves,

' and other wearing Necessaries, whereby great Quantities are wrought off in a little Time, His Majesty's Dominions abundantly supplied, and great Quantities exported into foreign Nations, to the Increase 1 of His Majesty's Customs, and the Improvement of Trade and Commerce: And whereas several of the Frames or Engines for the making and knitting of such Stockings and other wearing Necessaries have been of late exported out of this Kingdom, whereby the said Commodities have been made in Foreign Parts, which were heretofore made in this Kingdom only, to the great Discouragement of the Woollen 1 Trade in general, and the great Detriment of the said Mystery, and the Impoverishment of many Families,

' who have been thereby maintained For the Prevention of which Inconveniences for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred Penalty on ex ninety six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall load or put on board any Ship or Vessel any such Frame fortlj1sstocking or Frames, or any Part or Parcel thereof, in order to be exported beyond the Seas; upon Pain that the or i n" Person or Persons offending herein shall not only forfeit and lose such Frame and Frames, Parts or Parcels 8 of Frames, which stir.ll be so loaden and put on board, in order to be exported beyond the Seas, as aforesaid, but also the Sum of forty Pounds of lawful Money of England, for such Frame, or Part or Parcel thereof; the one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Success ors, the other Moiety thereof to the One Moiety to Person or Persons who Avail inform and sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, the King, the or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts, of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of "therr 1x1 the Law, shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance. ro.ecutor.

IX. And for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of such Frames, be it further enacted by the masterandwar authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, which from and after the said first densofthccom day of May shall buy, fell, dispose of, or remove from Place to Place, any such Frame or Engine, or any ktitte^t^jt Parts or Parcels thereof, shall, within two Months next after such Disposal Or Removal thereof, give no "o'havj1' tice in Writing to the Master and Wardens of the Company of framework knitters within the City of Notice of the: 'london, or to their lawful Deputy or Deputies for the time being, some or one of them, to whom and what selling or replace the same were so sold, disposed, or removed, to the end that an Account maybe taken by the said "oving of Stoc master and Wardens, or their Deputy or Deputies, thereof, upon Pain that every Person and Persons of kine Frames sending herein shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the Uses aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds' of like Money, to be recovered as aforesaid

o C 21,

Anno septimo Sc octavo Gcjlielmi III

A.D. 1696.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamerf.

FORASMUCH as the Strength and Safety of this, and other His Majesty's Realms and Dominions, do very much depend upon the furnishing and supplying of His Majesty's Royal Navy with a competent Number of able Mariners and Seamen, which may be in a Rediness at all Times for that Service:

II. And whereas the Seamen of this Kingdom have for a long Time distinguished themselves throughout the World by their Industry and Skilfulness in their Employments, and by their Courage and Constancy manifested in Engagements for the Defence and Honour of their Native Country: And for an Encou ragement to continue this their ancient Reputation, and to invite greater Numbers of His Majesty's Sub

jedts to betake themselves to the Sea, it is fit and reasonable that some competent Provision should be

5 made, that Seamen, who by Age, Wounds, or other Accidents, shall become disabled for future Ser ' vice at Sea, and shall not be in a Condition to maintain themselves comfortably, may not fall under Hard

and Miseries, may be supported at the public Charge, and that the Children of such disabled Sea ' men, and also the Widows and Children of such Seamen as shall happen to be slain, killed, or drowned in sea service, may in some reasonable Manner be provided for and educated

III. And whereas His Majesty, and Her late Majesty the Queen, of Blessed Memory, refledfing upon the Premises, determined with themselves, That an Hospital Should be erected, established, and endowed for the Purposes aforesaid, and in order thereunto by their Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the five and twentieth Day of October last past, did give and grant to certain Persons named therein, their Heirs and Assigns, a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate and being within the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, Parcel or reputed Parcel of their Manor of East Greenwich aforesaid, and in the said Letters Patents particularly described, and the Capital Message commonly called by the Name of the Palace of Greenwich, Handing upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, and several other Edifices, Buildings, and other Things in the said Letters Patents mentioned 4 (except as herein is excepted) to the Intent that the Premises Should be converted and employed unto and for the Use and Service of an Hospital, for the Relief of Seamen, their Widows, and Children, and an Encouragement of Navigation, as therein is mentioned

IV. And whereas His Majesty, in further Execution of his pious and princely Intention for the sound ing and endowing of an Hospital at Greemvich for the Purposes aforesaid, by His Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the tenth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety and five, hath constituted Commissioners, and granted an annual Sum, payable out of the Treasury, and given diverse proper Directions, Powers, and Authorities, for the carrying on and perfecting the said 2 R. x.jlst, i < Hospital, and the Endowment and Maintenance thereof, and of the said Persons to be placed therein: '4'*' And to the Intent that such Mariners, Watermen, Seamen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, and

Keelmen, as shall voluntarily come in and register themselves, in and for Plis majesty's Sea Service, as hereafter mentioned, may have and receive the Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages following: Be it enacted, fjv.

It E P, 44 Mariners, £sk. above 18 and under 50 may register themselves in the King's Service. Repealed by 9

Anns, C 21. §. 65. as to registering of Seamen. Register Office to be kept at the Navy Office, London,

44 or elsewhere. Seamens Names to be registered in Course of Time without Fee. Registers of Sea Ports to give Certificates gratis, of the Number and Names of Seamen registered in their Office, and transmit them to the Navy Office. An Account to be given once a Year to the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

Number not to exceed 30, 000 Men, and each to have 40*. per Ann. Bounty. Repealed by9 Ann,

44 C zi. §. 63. None but registered Seamen to be preferred. Registered Seamen in Service may assign two Months Pay in Six. Moneys due to Seamen dead in the Service, to be paid to their Executors. re- giftred Seamen to have a double Share out of Prizes, and freed from serving on Juries, and Parish Offices, {*."

VII. And for the Relief, Benefit, or Advantage, of such the said registered Mariners or Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen, or seafaring men, who by Age, Wounds, or other Accidents, shall be disabled for future Service at Sea, and shall not be in a Condition to maintain themselves comfortably, and the Children of such disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such of them as shall happen to be slain, killed, or drowned, in sea service, so far forth as the Hospital herein before mentioned shall be capable to receive them, and the Revenue thereof will extend for or towards their Relief or Support, and according to the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, to be settled and provided for the 'Registered Sea said Hospital, and the Government and Regulation thereof: Be it further enacted by the Authority afore men being said? That every such Seaman, Waterman, Fisherman, Lighterman, Bargeman, Keelman, or seafaring ficate tolhego, nan' registered and disabled, as aforesaid, shall, upon certificate thereof from the Captain, Master, Surgeon, vernov of Green and Purier, or so many of them as were in the said Ship for the Time being, under his or their Hand and I which Hospital, Seal, unto the Governor or Governors of the said Hospital at Greenwich for the time being, be admitted

to be taken in, ancj placed in the said Hospital, and shall have provided and allowed unto him, during his Life, at the

fr Charges of the said Hospital, and out of the Revenues thereof, according to the Rules, Orders, and con oring 1 u stitutions, to be provided and settled for the said Hospital, and the Government and Regulation thereof.

Widows and sitting and convenient Lodging, Meat, Drink, Clothing, and other Necessaries and Convenicncies; and

Children of Sea t[lc Widows of such Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen, and sea mcn Daltl or faring

3

faring men, who shall be llain, killed, or drowned, in the Sea service, and the Children of such Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen, or seafaring men, so llain, killed, or drowned, and not of Ability to maintain or provide comfortably for themselves, shall be received into the said hoi pital, and there be provided for; and the said Children shall be educated at the Charges of the said Hospital, till they are fit to be put out, or of Ability to maintain themselves; all which shall be done so far forth as the said Hospital shall be capable to receive such disabled Seamen, and such Widows and Children as aforesaid, and as the Revenues thereof will extend for the Purposes aforesaid, and according to the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, to be provided and settled for the said Hospital, and the Government and Regulation thereof.

"Registered Seamen withdrawing themselves in Time of War from the King's Service, and not repairing "on Board in 30 Days after Summons, if not detained by Sickness, to lose the Benefit of this Act, and "serve six Months without Pay. This Act not to alter the Punishment inflicted by 13 Car. 2. flat. 1. C 9."

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and after five and twenty Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and six, shall be expired, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be capable of being a Brother of 'trinity House of Deptford Strand, but only such as at the Time of his or their Election, or before, shall be, or shall have been, a Seaman, or Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen, registered in pursuance of this Act; and that every Seaman whatsoever, that shall serve His Majesty, His Heirs, or successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, in any of His Majesty's Ships, or in any Ship or vessel whatsoever, belonging or to belong to any the Subjects of England, or any other His Majesty's Dominions, shall allow, and there shall be paid out of the Wages of every such Seaman to grow due for such his Service, sixpence per Menfein for the better Support of the said Hospital, and to augment the Revenues thereof for the Purposes aforesaid; Monthly Allowance shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered, by such Officers, and according to such Rules and Methods, as shall in that Behalf be appointed by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, or any three or more of them, or by the Lord High Admiral of England for the time being.

"By 10 Annas, C 17. §. 1. Persons employed in Boats, care to pay 6 d. per Menfern. Further provi 'j fions relating to the Payment of 6 d. per Menfern by 2 Geo. 2. c. 7 and C 36. §.9 & 10. 18 Geo. 2. c. 3 1.

"Abode of registered Seamen to be certified by two Justices. Persons under 18 or above 55 not obliged to* serve. Commission or Warrant Officer not intituled to the Bounty or liable to the Penalty. Admiralty tc may dismiss registered Seamen on Misbehaviour."

XV. Be it also enacted, That Licences shall at any Time be given by Order of His Majesty, or the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, to any Landmen desirous to apply themselves to the Sea Service, to serve in Merchant Ships, or other Trading Vessels, which shall be to them a Protection against being impressed, for the Space of two Years following the Date of such Licence: Provided that such Landmen bring to the Register two credible Persons, Inhabitants, or known in the Place where they so enter themselves, who shall assert their Knowledge of such Landmen for two Years part, and in what Profession or Business they have known them employed; and that if any Person shall vouch any one for a Land man, who final! afterwards be proved to be a Seaman, he shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied in Manner, and to the Uses aforementioned; and that any Seaman personating or taking another's Name, or any Seaman or other Person whatever, counterfeiting any Licence shall forfeit twenty Pounds, to the said Uses, and be liable to such further Punishment as by Law may be inflicted for such a Fraud or Misdemeanour; and any Seaman so offending as above shall be incapable of the Benefit of this Act.

"Seamen inhabiting in the Cinque Ports may be there registered. Registers to be appointed by the War "of the Cinque Ports, and to take the Oath. Seamen so registered, and their Wives and Children, to "have the same Advantages as if elsewhere registered. Registered Seamen not to serve as Land Soldiers. "Chaplain, Surgeon, C not debarred.

Ann, C ip. 10 Ann. C 17. 1 Geo. 1. c. 25. 2 Geo. 2. c. 36, 6 Geo. 2. c. 25. fefl. 18. 8 Geo. 2. c. 29. 11 Geo. 2. c. 30, 13 Geo.

Gee. 2. C 38. 18 Geo. 2. C Ji» 20 Geo. 2. c. 38, 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47. 31 cfll. f. 10,

609

drowned in the Service to be received and provided for. Farther provided for by 8 & 9VV« 3- C 23 by 3 & 3 Ann, C 6. §. 19. Lojd Admiral may appoint disabled Seamen, Sec to be maintained.

After 25 Years from Mar. 25* 1696. none to be a Brother of Trinity House but registered Seamen,

6 d. per Mcnfcra to be paid out of all Seamens Wages towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital.

By 2 & 3 Anna, C 6. 7. poor

Boys assigned over to the Sea, hall not pay the 6 d. per Menfern, till the Age of 18.

Licences to be given to Landmen Co serve aboard Merchant shlpsa

Penalty on false vouching or personating another, or counterfeiting Licence. Farther Provi jhns concerning Seamen, 8 c5?9W. 3, C 23.

9 & 10 W. 3. C 41. 2 Anne. 6. 4 Cy 5

f. 3©i7. 14

CAP. XXII.

An act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade.

WHEREAS notwithstanding diverse Acts made for the Encouragement of the Navigation of this Kingdom, and for the better securing and regulating the Plantation Trade, more especially one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for increas.ng of Shipping and Navigation, another Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, another Act made in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth Year's of His said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade, another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year erf the Reign of His laid late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trades, great Abuses are daily Vol. HI, 4x 'committed,

13 Car. 2. C is, 15 Car. 2, C 7. 22 & 23 Car, 2, C 26.

25 Car. 3. C j9

6 r o

Goods nol to be imported or exported to or from the Plantations, but in Ships built inengland, Ireland, or in the Plantations.

Except Prize Ships, and Foreign Ships employed for 3 Years to bring in Naval Stores.

[Penalty.]

Goods may be Imported and exported in Prize Ships, the Matter and 3 fourths of 'tb^ Mariners being enfufiw

LI Car, i. C 18.

23 & 14 Car. 2. C II

4 & 5 W. Sc M. C 17.

Governors of English Plantations to take an Oath to observe all the Clauses in this and the other acts re jat ng to the said Plantations. Farther provided for by 8 & 9W. 3. C 20. §. 69. onnegle#, to be removed from his Government, and forfeit 1, coo 1.

15 Car. 2. C 7.

Naval Officers in the Plantations to give Security to the commissioners of the Outturns in England for Performance of their Duty, and in Default to be dtiabied.

C 22. Anno septimo & octavo Gulielmi III A.D. 1696.

' committed, to the Prejudice of the English Navigation, and the Loss of a great Part of the Plantation Trade to this Kingdom, by the Artifice and Cunning of ill dilpufed persons for remedy whereof for the future,

II. Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, no Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported out of, any Colony or Plantation to His Majesty, in Asia, Africa or America, belonging, or in His Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or shall be laden in, or carried from any one Port or Place in the said Colonies or Plantations to any other Port or Place in the same, the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Bottom, but what is or filial 1 be of the Built of England, or of the Built of Ireland, or the said Colonies or Plantations, and wholly owned by the People thereof, or any of them, and navigated with the Matters and three fourths of the Mariners of the said Places only (except such Ships only as are or shall be taken as Prize, and Condemnation thereof made in one of the Courts of Admiralty in England, Ireland, or the said Colonies or Plantations, to be navigated by the Master and three fourths of the Mariners English, or of the said Plantations as aforesaid, and whereof the Property doth belong to english.'i Men; and also except for the Space of three Years, such foreign built Ships as shall be employed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, or upon Contract with them, in bringing only Mails, Timber and other Naval jtores for the King's Service from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to this Kingdom, to be navigated as aforesaid, and whereof the Property doth belong to Englishmen) under Pain of Forfeiture of Ship and Goods; one third Part whereof to be to the I fe of His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, one third Part to the Governor of the said Colonies or Plantations, and the other third Part to the Person who shall inform and sue for the same, by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of Pits majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any Court in His Majesty's Plantations, where such Offence shall be committed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ( from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March) Goods or Merchandizes may be exported or imported to and from this Kingdom, the Colonies, Plantations and Places aforesaid, in any such Ships as are or shall be taken as Prize, and whereof Condemnation shall be made in one of the Courts of Admiralty aforesaid, and shall he navigated as aforesaid, by the Master, three fourths of the Mariners English, and whereof the Property shall belong to Englishmen, and also Mails, Timber, and other naval Stores for His Majesty's Service, for the Space of three Years, may be imported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to this Kingdom, in such foreign built Ships as shall be employed by the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being, or by Contract with them; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by one Clause in the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,

' all Governors of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in Asia, Africa or America, are required to take ' a solemn Oath to do their utmost that every the Clauses therein before mentioned, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall he punctually and bona fide observed according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, so that the said Governors are not ftriflly obliged by that Oath to put in Execution the subsequent Clauses of the said Act, although some of the Clauses following are of great Importance, and tend greatly to the Security of the Plantation Trade: And whereas diverse other good Laws have been made for the better regulating and securing the Plantation Trade since the said last mentioned AH; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the present Governors and Commanders in Chief of any English Colonies or Plantations, shall, before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and all who hereafter shall be made Governors or Commanders in Chief of the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, before their Entrance into their Government, shall take a solemn Oath to do their utmost, that all the Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in the before recited ahs of Parliament heretofore passed, and now in Force, relating to the said Colonies and Plantations, and that all and every the Clauses contained in this present Act, be punctually and bona fide observed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof (which Oath shall be taken before such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, who are hereby authorised to administer the same) so far as appertains unto the said Governors or Commanders in Chief respectively; ard upon Complaint and Proof made before His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or such as shall be by him or them thereunto authorised and appointed, by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, that any the said Governors or Commanders in Chief have neglected to take the said Oath at the Times aforesaid, or have been wittingly or willingly negligent in doing their Duty accordingly, the said Governor so neglecting or offending shall be removed from his Government, and forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling.

V. And whereas by the said act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, intituled An All C for the Encouragement of Trade, the Governors of the Plantations are empowered to appoint an Officer for the Performance of certain Things in the said act mentioned, which said Officer is there commonly known by the Name of the Naval Officer: And whereas through the Connivance or Negligence of the Persons so appointed by the Governors of the said Plantations, diverse Frauds and Abuses are or have been committed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Officers already appointed shall, within two Months after Notice of this Act in the respective Plantations, or as soon as conveniently it may be, give Security to the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, or such as shall be appointed by them, for His Majesty's Use, for the true and faithful Performance of their Duty; and all and every Person or Persons, who mall hereafter be appointed to the said

C 2 2.

611

said Office or Employment, hall within' two Months, or as soon as conveniently it may be? after his or their Entrance upon the said Office or Employment, give sufficient Security to the Commissioners of the Customs as aforesaid, for His Majesty's Use, for the true and faithful Performance of his or their Duty; and in Default thereof, the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to give such Security, shall be disabled to execute the said Office or Employment; and pntil such Security given, and the Person appointed to the said Office or Employment be approved by the Commissioners of the Customs as aforesaid, the rev

spedlive Governor or Governors shall be answerable for any the Offences, Neglects or Misdemeanours, of lathe Person or Persons so by him or them appointed. fwerable.

VI. And for the more effectual preventing of Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade ships coming in in America, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships coming into, or going out of, to, nr, oin* ouc any of the said Plantations, and lading or unlading any Goods or Commodities, whether the same be of, the Plant, majesty's Ships of War, or Merchants Ships, and the Mailers and Commanders thereof, and their aeon., liable to the Ladings, shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Visitations, Searches, Penalties and Forfeitures, as s^eng to the entering, lading or discharging their respective Ships and Ladings, as Ships and their Ladings, and |jndi j+car. the Commanders and Matters of Ships, are subject and liable unto in this Kingdom, by virtue of an Act of C n. Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King charx.es the Second, intituled, An Act for And officers of preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuj es in Flis majesty's Customs: And that the Officers for collecting and the Revenue managing His Majesty's Revenue, and inspecting the Plantation Trade, in any of the said Plantations, shall ttiere to h"vc ttlb have the same Powers and Authorities, for visiting and searching of Ships, and taking their Entries; and offilrstf "th" for seizing and securing or bringing on Shore any of the Goods prohibited to be imported or exported into custnmsineng or out of any the said Plantations, or for which any Duties are payable, or ought to have been paid, by land, any of the before mentioned Acts, as are provided for the Officers or the Customs in England by the said last mentioned Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and also to enter Houses or Warehouses, to search for and seize any such Goods; and that all the Wharfingers, Penalty on and Owners of Keys and Wharves, or any Lightermen, Bargemen, Watermen, Porters, or other Persons assisting in the Conveyance, Concealment or Rescue of any of the said Goods, or in the hindering or Refill concealment or ance of any of the said Officers in the Performance of their Duty, and the Boats, Barges, Lighters or Rescue of Goods, other Vessels employed in the Conveyance of such Goods, shall be fu ojedt to the like Pains and Penalties as are provided by the same Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in relation to prohibited or uncustomed Goods in this Kingdom; and that the like Assistance shall be given Assistancetn be to the said Officers in the Execution of their Office, as by the said last mentioned Act Ts [Provided for the given the offi officers in England; and also that the said Officers shall be subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, je[s 'nn |^cer* for any Corruptions, Frauds, Connivances, or Concealments, in Violation of any the before mentioned £, rne Penalties Laws, as any Officers of the Customs in England are liable to, by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; as by 13 & 14 and also that in case any Officer or Officers in the Plantations shall be.fucd or molested for anything done Car.' 2. C u. in the Execution of their Office, the said Officer shall and may plead the General Issue, and shall give this General Ifiiic. or other Custom Acts in Evidence, and the Judge to allow thereof, have and enjoy the like Privileges and Advantages, as are allowed by Law to the Officers of His Majesty's Customs in England.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures before mentioned, not in One third of the this Act particularly disposed of shall be one third Part to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef Forya'l'rfs to lie fora, and one third Part to the Governor of the Colony or Plantation where the Offence shall be com Another to the mitted, and the other third Part to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any Governor of the of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in the Court of Admiralty held Plantation, and in His Majesty's Plantations n spedlively, where such Offence shall be committed, at the Pleasure of the the other to the Officer or Informer, or in any other Plantation belonging to any Subject of England, wherein no Essoin, proibcut01, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed; and that where any Question shall arise concerning the Importation or Exportation of any Goods into or out of the said Plantations, in such Case the Proof flail Proof to lie nn lie upon the Owner or Claimer, and the Claimer shall be reputed the Importer or Owner thereof. the Owner.

VIII. And whereas in some of His Majesty's American Plantations, a Doubt or Misconstruction has arisen'

' upon the before mention.d Act, made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles 15 Car. 2. C 7.

' the Second, whereby certain Duties are laid upon the Commodities therein enumerated which by Law ' may be transported from one Plantation to another for the Supply of each others Wants) as if the same were by the Payment of those Duties in one Plantation, discharged from giving the Securities intended No Goods to be by the aforesaid Acts made in the twelfth, two and twentieth, and three and twentieth Years of the dipped though Reign of King Charles the Second, and consequently be at Liberty to go to any foreign Market in i?utjfs In ' Europe, without coming to England, Wales or Berwick It is hereby further enacted and declared, That [Tj notwithstanding the Payment of the aforesaid Duties in any of the said Plantations, none of the said Goods given asreouired shall be hi ped or laden on board, until such Security shall be given as is required by the said Acts made by 12 Cat. 2. in the twelfth, two and twentieth, and ihree and twentieth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Sec &2 cond, to carry the same to England, Wales or Berwick, or to some other of His Majesty's Plantations, and so Car; F toties quoties, as any of the said Goods shall be brought to be re shipped or laden in any of the said Plan Goodi

tations, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods, to be divided and disposed of as aforesaid.

IX. And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, 'hat all Laws, bylaws, Uiages Laws, bylaws, or Customs, at this Time, or which hereafter shall be in Practice, or endeavoured or pretended to be in ovplanu force or Practice, in any of the said Plantations, which are in any wise repugnant to the before mentioned dons, repugnant laws, or any of them, lo far as they do relate to the said Plantations, or any of them, or which are any j')thl4, A'a' 19 ways repugnr.it to ih.s present Act, or to any other Law hereafter to be made in this Kingdom, so far as' vul such Law shall relate., -1 and mention the said Plantations, are illegal, null and void, to all Intents and purposes whatsoever.

6 I 2

Officers futpefling Certificate, to take Security for Discharge of the pjantation Lading, and not to cancel Certificate till informed of the Truth,

Penalty or persons counterfeiting Cockets, C

Treasury and Commissioners of Customs may appoint Officers in any Town, Port, C in the 1 Hands, C

3f Actions brought in Plantations, 'Jury to be Natives of England, Ireland or Plantations, oft enccto belaid in any Colony, Places of Trust to be in the Hands of the Natives.

"Bonds given in Plantations, Sureties to be of Ability.

Condition of the Bonds,

Farther provisions relating to such Bonds by 8 Anna, C 13.

C 22. Anno septimo & a&avo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

X. And whereas great Frauds and Abuses have been committed by Scotch Men and others in the Plan tation Trade, by obtruding false and counterfeit Certificates upon the Governor and Officers in the Plantations appointed by His Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs in England, of having given Security in this Kingdom to bring the Ladings of Plantation Goods to England, Wales, or Town of Berwick up on Tweed, as also Certificates of having discharged their Lading of Plantation Goods in this Kingdom, ' pursuant to Securities taken in the Plantation, and also Cocquets or Certificates of having taken in their Ladings of European Goods in England, Wales or Berwick; by Means whereof they may carry the Goods of Scotland, and other Places of Europe, without hipping or lading the same in England, Wales or Berwick, to His Majesty's Plantations, and also carry the Goods of the Plantations directly to Scotland, or to any other Market in Europe, without bringing the same into England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed: 'It his hereby further enacted, That in such Cases where the Governor or Officers appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs in the Plantations shall have reasonable Ground of Suspicion that such Certificates are false or counterfeit (that is to say) that the Certificate of having given Security in England is false, in such Case the Governor or Officers appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs, hall require and take Sufficient Security there for the Discharge of the Plantation Lading in England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed: and in such Case where there shall be cause to suspect, that the Certificate of having discharged her Lading of Plantation Goods in this Kingdom is false or counterfeit, the Governor or Officers aforesaid shall not cancel or vacate the Security given in the Plantation, until he or they shall be informed from the Commissioners of the Customs in England that the Matter of the said Certificate is true; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, rafe or falsify any Cocket, Certificate, Return or Permit, for any Vessel or Goods, or shall knowingly or willingly make Use thereof, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid, and the Cocket, Certificate, Return or Permit so counterfeited, rased or falsified, shall be invalid, and of no Effect.

XI. And for the better executing the several A £"ts of Parliament relating to the Plantation Trade, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Treasurer, Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, shall and may constitute and appoint such and so many Officers of the Customs in any City, Town, River, Port, Harbour or Creek, of or belonging to any of the Islands, Tracts of Land and Proprieties, when; m.d. as often as to them shall seem needful; be it further also enacted, That upon any Actions, Suits and Informations that shall be brought, commenced or entered in the said Plantations, upon any Law or Statute concerning His Majesty's Duties, or Ships or Goods to be forfeited by reason of any unlawful Importations or Exportations, there shall not be any Jury, but of such only as are Natives of England or Ireland, or are born in his Majesty's said Plantations; and also that upon all such Actions, Suits and Informations, the Offences may be laid or alleged to be in any Colony, Province, County, Precinct or Division of any of the said Plantations where such Offences are alleged to be committed, at the Pleasure of the Officer or Informer.

XII. Provided always, That all Places of Trust in the Courts of Law, or what relates to the Treasury of the said iflaa#s, shall, from the making of this Act, be in the Hands of the native born Subjects of England or Ireland, or of the said Islands.

XIII. And whereas by the said Act made in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, the Bonds required to be given in the Plantatations by virtue of the said Act, for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, are altered, and the Word Ireland to be left out of the Condition of all such Bonds; and by the said Act it is enacted and provided, That for such Ships or Vessels coming from other Ports or Places, to any of the said Plantations, which by the said Act for encouraging and Increase of Shipping were permitted to trade there, the Governors of such English Plantations should, before the said Ship or Vessel should be permitted to load on board any of the Commodities in the said Act particularly mentioned, take Bond in Manner and to the Value mentioned and directed in the abovementioned Act for encouraging and Increase of Ship ping and Navigation, for each respective Ship or Vessel, that such Ship or Vessel shall carry all the aforesaid Goods, that should be laden on board in the said Ship, to some other of His Majesty's English Plantations, or to England, Wales, or Town of Benvick upon Tweed: But because no Provision hath hitherto k been made for the returning and producing Certificates within some reasonable limited Time, of the land 1 ing and dischargin such Goods, according to the Condition of the said Bonds, and also because many Times it hath happened, that the Sureties taken in the said Bonds have been Persons not resident in the said Plantations, but of uncertain and unknown Abodes, the said Bonds have proved ineffectual to the good Purposes intended by the said Acts; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in rdl such Bonds, to be hereafter given or taken in the said Plantations, the Sureties therein named shall be Persons of known Residence and Ability in the said Plantations, for the Value mentioned in the said Bonds, and that the Condition of the said Bonds shall be, within eighteen Months after the Date thereof (the Danger of the Seas excepted) to produce Certificate of having landed and discharged the Goods therein mentioned, in one of his Majesty's said Plantations, or in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed; otherwise such Bond, or Copies thereof, being attested under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief to whom such Bonds were given, shall be in Force, and allowed of in any Court in England, Ireland, or the Plantations, as if the Original were produced in Court by the Prosecutor

And whereas several Ships and Vessels laden with Tobacco, Sugars, and other Goods of the Growth and Product of His Majesty's Plantations in America, have been discharged in several Ports of the Kingdoms of Scotland and Ireland, contrary to the Laws and Statutes now in being, under Pretence that the said Ships and Vessels were driven in thither by Stress of Weather, or for Want of Provisions and other Disabilities ceuld not proceed on their Voyage For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority

C 2 2.

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III

rity aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety six, it shall not be lawful, on any Pretence whatsoever, to put on Shore in the said Kingdoms of Scotland or Ireland, any Goods or Merchandise of the Growth or Product of any of His Majesty's Plantations aforesaid, unless the same have been sir ft landed in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Jvales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and paid the Rates and Duties wherewith they are chargeable by Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of the Ship and Goods; three fourths without Composition to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, and the other fourth to him or them that shall sue for the same.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That if any Ship or Vessel laden as aforesaid, shall by Stress of Weather be stranded, or by Reason of Lcakiness, or other Disability, shall be driven into any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Ireland, and shall not be able to proceed on her Voyage; then and in such Case only the said Goods and Merchandizes may be permitted to be put on Shore, but shall be delivered into the Custody and Possession of the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port or Place where the said Ship shall b&'so stranded or driven into, there to remain until the said Goods and aperchandize shall, at the Charge of the Owner thereof, be put on Board some other Ship or Vessel, in order to be transported and carried to some other Port or Place within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the said Officer first taking good and sufficient Security for the Delivery of the same, according to the true Intent and apcaning of this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons and their Assignees, claiming any Right or Propriety in any islands ortiadls of Land upon the Continent of America, by Charter or Letters Patents, fhnot at any Time hereafter aliene, sell or dispose of any of the said islands, Tracts of Land or Proprieties, other than to the natural born Subjects of England, Ireland, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without the Licence and Consent of His Majesty, His Pleirs and successors, Signified by his or their Order in Council, first: had and obtained; and all Governors nominated and appointed by any such Persons or Proprietors, who shall be intituled to make such Nomination, shall be allowed and approved of by His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, as aforesaid, and shall take the Oaths enjoined by this or any other Act to be taken by the Governors or Commanders in Chief in other His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, before their entering upon their respective Governments, under the like Penalty, as His Majesty's Governors and Commanders in Chief are by the said Acts liable to.

XVII. And for a more cffeclual Prevention of Frauds which may be used to elude the Intention of this Act, by colouring Foreign Ships under english Names; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, no Ship or Vessel whatsoever shall be deemed or pass as a Ship of the Built of England, Ireland, Wales, Berwick, Guernsey, Jersey, or any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, so as to be qualified to trade to, from or in any of the said Plantations, until the Person or Persons claiming Property in such Ship or Vessel shall register the same as followeth, that is to say, If the Ship at the Time of such Register doth belong to any Port in England, Ireland, Wales, or to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, then Proof shall be made upon Oath of one or more of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, before the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs in such Port; or if at the Time of such Register the Ship belong to any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or to the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, then the like Proof to be made before the Governor, together with the principal Officer of His Majesty's Revenue residing on such Plantation or Island, which Oath the said Governors and Officers of the Customs respectively are hereby authorised to administer in the Tenor following, viz.

61.3

Product of the Plantations not to be put on Shore in Scotland, or Ireland, unlefj Duties be first paid in England.

If Ship stranded in Ireland, Goods may be put on Shore, and kept in Custody of the Officer of the Customs, till hipped again for England.

Officer to take Security for Delivery.

Persons not to sell Plantations in America, but to Subjects of England, C

Governors to be approved of by the King, and to take the Oaths.

[Penalty.]

english built Ships to be registered, and Proof made on Oath before the Collector of the Customs j

or, If belonging to America, C before the Governor, C

URAT' A.B. That the Ship [Name] of [Port] whereof The o.th,

J [Mailers Name] is at prefect Mailer, being a [Kind of Built]

of [Burtnen] Tuns, was built at. [Place where] in the Year [Time when]

and that [Owners Name] ( of and of, care at

C present Owners thereof; and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath t^iy Share, or Part, or In

therein.'

XVIII. Which Oath, being attested by the Governor, or Custom Officer respectively, who administered 0a; i tn a the same, under their Hands and Seals, shall after having been registered by them, be delivered to the Maf c^vernor^ana ter of the Ship for the Security of her Navigation, a Duplicate of which Register shall be immediately a transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, in order to be entered in be transmitted. a general Register, to be there kept for this Purpose, with Penalty upon any Ship or Vessel trading to, from penalty on ship or in any of His Majesty's Plantathns in America, after the said five and twentieth Day of March, and not trading to amt having made Proof of her Built and Property, as is here directed, that she sit all be liable, and she is hereby rica without made liable, to such Prosecution and Forfeiture as any Foreign Ship (except Prizes condemned in the High Proof of her Court of Admiralty) would for trading with these Plantations by this Law be liable to.

XIX. Provided always, That all such Ships as have been or shall be taken at Sea by Letters of apart or prize ships to b

Reprizal, and Condemnation thereof made in the High Court of Admiralty of England as lawful Prize, re&iltrcd, and shall be specially registered, mentioning the Capture and Condemnation instead of the Time and Place of t<j^tpr'([adct Building, with Proof also upon Oath, that the entire Property is English, before any such Prize shall be al y

lowed the Privilege of an English built Ship, according to the Meaning of this Act.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to require the registring any Fisher fiftier bnats, boats. Boys, Lighters, Barges, or any open Boats or other Vessels (though of English or Plantation Built) Hni's> c nct whose Navigation is confined to the Rivers or Coasts of the same Plantation or Place where they trade re to b: reglftre'i spedlively, but only of such of them as cross the Seas to or from any of the Lands, islands, Places or Territories, in this Act before recited, or from one Plantation to another.

- XXL And

Ship's Name not

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no ship's Name registered shall be acto be altered terwards clianged, without registring such Ship de novo, which is hereby required to be done upon any

ftrin°de novo Transfer of Property to another Port, and delivering up the former Certificate to be cancelled, under the and if sold, such same Penalties, and in the like Method, as is herein before directed; and that in case there be any Altera

Sale to te in tion of Property in the same Port, by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship after registring thereof, dorsed on the _ such Sale shall always be acknowledged by Endorsement on the Certificate of the Register before two wit ^'ftcrscmi nesses, in order to prove that the entire Property in such Ship remains to some of the Subjects of England, Farther Prov any Dispute arises concerning the same.

soils concerning Plantations, II W. 3. r. sz. 3 & 4 Ann. C 5 10. 6 Ann. C 30. 8 Ann. C 13.9 Ann, c. 17. 10 Ann. C 22 G? 26. 4 Geo. 1.

C 11. 8 Geo. r. C u fif 13. 13 Geo. 1. c. 5. 3 Geo. 2. C sz & 28. 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 G C 2. C 7 & 9. (o Geo. 2. C 13. 8 cn. 2. C 19. 11 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 & 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 fit 33. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 & 35. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

EXP.

Persons prafli ling Law not taking the Oaths by I W, & M. (T. 1. C 8. to incur the Penalties in Statute of premu mre, 16 R. 2. C 5.

25 Car. 2. C 2.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for continuing several former Acts for punching Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert His Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters, for one Year longer.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act requiring the Practicers of Law to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration

therein mentioned.

OR the better Security of His Majesty's Government, and the public Peace of this Kingdom; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled - by the Authority of the same, That if any Person at any Time after the five and twentieth Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, shall act as a Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Clerk or Notary, by practising in any Manner as such in any Court or Courts whatsoever, not having, before the Time of such acting, taken in His Majesty's Court of Chancery, or King's Bench, or Quarter sessions of the County wherein he lives, the Oaths mentioned and appointed to be taken in and by one Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration appointed to be made and subscribed in and by one Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An aslfor preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, such Persons shall incur all the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, mentioned in the Statute of Provision and Pretnuuire, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members.

See Ante Ch. 7 & e WHEREAS by the evil Practises and irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, Mayors, 15. e Vy Bailiffs, and other Officers, in the Execution of Writs and Precepts for electing of Members to

Forty Days bec serve in Parliament, as well the Freeholders and others, in their Right of Election, as also the Persons by tween the Tcde«them elected to be their Representatives, have heretofore been greatly injured and abused:: 'for re the Writ* f Haedying the same, and preventing the like for the future, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Mz writ to be if jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this sued out with all present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any new Parliament shall at Expedition, and any Time hereafter be summoned or called, there shall be forty Days between the Teste and Returns of the delivered to the Wnts of Summons; and that the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great who is to in"' Seal or Time being, shall issue out the Writs for Election of Members to serve in the same Parliament, dork the Day with as much Expedition as the lame may be done; and that as well upon the calling or summoning any whenreceived, new Parliament, as also in case of any Vacancy during this present or any future Parliament, the several and make out Writs shall be delivered to the proper Officer to whom the Execution thereof doth belong or appertain, the Precept. and to no other Per soil whatsoever: And that ev ry such Officer, upon the Receipt of the same Writ, shall livereltin three upon the Back thereof endorse' the Day he received the same, and shall forthwith, upon Receipt of the Days after Re Writ, make out the Precept or Precepts to each Borough, Town Corporate, Port, or Place within his ju ceipt of the' rifdiction, where any Member or Members are to be elected to serve in such new Parliament, or to supply Writ. By 10 any Vacancy during the present, or any future Parliament; and within three Days after the Receipt of the*1' 'thtfeth said Writ of Election, shall, by himself or proper Agent, deliverer cause to be delivered, such Precept or ave^nurgcdto" Precepts to the proper Officer of every such Borough, Town Corporate, Port, or Place within his juris jlx. C diction, to whom the Execution of such Precept doth belong or appertain, and to no other Person what officei to endorse soever; every such Officer, upon the Back of the same Precept, shall endorse the Day of his Receipt the Day of Re thereof, in the Presence of the Party from whom he received such Precept, and shall forthwith cause pub notu e^f fbe' Sck Not'ce to be given of the Time and Place of Election, and shall proceed to Election thereupon, within Time of e'ice the Space of eight Days next after his Receipt of the same Precept, and give four Days Notice at least of tion in g Days the Day appointed for the Election. after.

C 25. 615

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the Sheriff nor his Under Sheriff, in any County or City, nor the Mayor, Bailiff, Constable, Port reeve, or other Officer or Officers of any Borough, Town Corporate, Port or Place, to whom the Execution of any Writ or Precept for electing Members to serve in Parliament doth belong or appertain, shall give, pay, receive, or take any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, for the making out, Receipt, Delivery, Return, or Execution of any such Writ or Precept.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Election to be made of ar.y Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in this present or any future Parliament, the Sheriff of the County where such Election shall be made, shall hold his County Court for the same Election at the most public and usual Place of Election within the said County, and where the same has most usually been for forty Years last pall, and shall there proceed to Election at the next County Court, itnless the same fall out to be held within six Days after the Receipt of the Writ, or upon the same Day, and then shall adjourn the same Court to same convenient Day, giving ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Election; and in case the said Election be not determined upon the View, with the Consent of the Freeholders there present, but that a Poll shall be required for Determination thereof, then the said Sheriff, or in his Absence his Under Sheriff, with such others as shall be deputed by him, shall forthwith there proceed to take the said Poll, in some open or public Place or Places, by the same Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, as aforesaid, in his Absence, or others appointed for the taking thereof, as aforesaid; for the more due and orderly proceeding in the said Poll, the said Sheriff, or in his Absence his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute, shall appoint such Number of Clerks as to him shall seem meet and convenient for takin thereof; which Clerks shall all take the said Poll, in the Presence of the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute: And before they begin to take the said Poll, every Clerk so appointed shall, by the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, as aforesaid, be sworn truly and indifferently to take the same Poll, and to set down the Names of each Freeholder, and the Place of his Freehold, and for whom he shall poll, and to poll no Freeholder, who is not sworn, if so required by the Candidates, or any of them (which Oath of the said Clerks, the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff', or such as he shall depute, are hereby empowered to administer) and the Sheriff, or in his Absence his Under Sheriff, as aforesaid, shall appoint for each Candidate, such one Personas shall be nominated to him by each Candidate, to be Inspectors of every Clerk who shall be appointed for taking the Poll; and every Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at the same Election, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any of them, first take the Oath herein after mentioned; which Oath the said Sheriff, by himself or his Under Sheriff, or such sworn Clerks by him appointed for taking of the said Poll, as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to administer (viz.)

Sheriff, Sec. not to give or take ary See fur miking out Receipt, ikt. vt t: iy vvur, or Precept.

County Court to be held at the ofuai Hace, an<l proceed to Election, unless it f. j1 out in 6.

d<*.yf after Receipt of the Writ.

Sheriff, Sec. to take the poll, if required, and to appoint a Number of Clerks, who are to be sworn.

Name of each Freeholder to be set down, and for whom he polls, and a Person for each Candidare to in spedv the Clerks.

Freeholder to be sworn.

and have Freehold T, ie 0atl1

Another Oath

4 \7 OU shall (wear that you are a Freeholder for the County of

JL Lands or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of forty Shillings, lying at.

' within the said County of and that you have not been before polled at "sgeo'.afc.ijt.'

' this Election

IV. And in case any Freeholder, or any other Person taking the said Oath, shall thereby commit wilful persons con and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof convicted, or if any Person do unlawfully and corruptly procure or v"ftedofperj'jr?'» suborn any Freeholder, or other Person, to take the said Oath, in order to be polled, whereby he shall com fn^mhepe mit such wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall he thereof convicted; and they, for every such Offence, na|tj,; n s^shall incur the like Pains and Penalties as are, in and by one Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of C 9.

the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Punishment of such Persons as shall procure or commit any wilful Perjury, enacted again! all such who shall commit wilful Perjury, or suborn or procure any Person to commit any unlawful and corrupt Perjury contrary to the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sheriff, or in his Absence his Sheriff not to Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute, as aforesaid, shall at the same Place of Election proceed to the adjourn the polling all the Freeholders then and there present, and shall not adjourn the County Court then and there ^camndates held, to any other Town or Place within the same County, without the Consent of the Candidates, nor consentl shall, by any unnecessary Adjournment in the same Place of Election protract or delay the Election;

shall duly and orderly proceed in the taking of the said Poll from Day today, and Time to Time, without any further or other Adjournment, without the Consent of the Candidates, until all the Freeholders then and there present shall be polled, and no longer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, and other Officer, to Copy of the Poll whom the Execution of any Writ or Precept shall belong for the electing Members to serve in Parliament, to be delivered, shall forthwith deliver to such Person or Persons, as shall desire the same, a Copy of the Poll taken at such

Election, paying only a reasonable Charge for writing the same: And every Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, j"c8na]ty'on she. Bailiff, and other Officer, to whom the Execution of any Writ or Precept for electing of Members to serve riffs, C com -- in Parliament doth belong, for every wilful Offence contrary to this Act shall forfeit to every Party so ag mining wilful grieved the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his or their Executors or Ad 0l, el3ce ministrators, together with full Costs of Suit, and for which he or they may sue by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection,

Wager of Law, Privilege, or Imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed. None to vote by

VII. And be it also enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be allowed to have any Vote in Election of reason of Trull, Members to serve in Parliament, for or by reason of any Trust Estate, or Mortgage, unless such Trustee c un, cor

Mortgagee be in actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the same Estate; that the t

Mortgagor, or Cejltii questrust, in Possession, shall and may vote for the same Estate, notwithstanding such eagn, j. nij, y fff Mortgage or Trust; and that all Conveyances of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, uonvyamns m

order to multiply Voices void, By io Annee, C 23. §. 1. all Conveyances to qualify Persons for voting are n^ade absolute.

ill

616

C 26, 27. Anno septimo & octavo Gulielmi III A.D. 1696.

But one Voice for one House. Norte under ir Yeats to vote, or to be elected Members.

[Penalty.]

County Courts for York to be held on wed nesday.

Poll may be adjourned from Winchester to Newport in the I fie of Wight. Farther Provt

in any County, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Port or Place, in order to multiply Voices, or to split and divide the Interest in any Houses or Lands among several Persons, to enable them to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, are hereby declared to be void and of none effet, and that no more than one single Voice shall be admitted for one and the same House or Tenement.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever, being under the Age of cne and twenty Years, shall at any Time hereafter be admitted to give his Voice for Election of any Member or Members to serve in this present, or any future Parliament, and that no Person hereafter shall be capable of being elected a Member to serve in this or any future Parliament, who is not of the Age of one and twenty Years; and every Election or Return of any Person under that Age is hereby declared to be null and void; and if any such Minor hereafter chosen shall presume to sit or vote in Parliament, he shall incur such Penalties and Forfeitures, as if he had presumed to sit and vote in Parliament without being chosen or returned.

IX. And whereas the County Court of the County ofeirpisby Custom called and held upon Mondays, C which hath long been complained of to be a very inconvenient Day to all the Suitors thereunto, who at the Elections of Knights of the Shire, and all Services at other Times, are forced to travel upon Sundays to there Attendance there, to their very great dissatisfaction and Grievance; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all County Courts, after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six, held for the County of York, or any other County Courts, which heretofore used to be held on a Monday, shall be called and begun upon a Wednesday, and not otherwise; any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff of the County of south ampton, or his Deputy, at the Request of one or more of the Candidates for Election of a Knight or Knights for that County, shall adjourn the Poll from Winchester, after every Freeholder then and there present is polled, to Newport in the Isle of Wight, for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Island; anything in this A contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Jiom relating to Parliament, ro £? II W. 3. C 7. it & 12 IK 3. C 2. 12 £? 13 it'. 3. C 3 6? 10. 2 6f 3 Inn. e, 18. 6 Ann. C 7 & 23.9 Ann. C 5.

10 Ann. C 19 £? 23. J Geo. I. C 38 & 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. 8 Geo. 2. c. 30.9 Geo. 2.c. 38. II Geo. 2. c. 24. 13 Geo. 2. C to.

15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. XXVI.

P R. An Act for repairing the Highways between jfymondbam and Attleborough in the County of Norfolk.

is Geo. !1 ^22 'n'01, ce 15 Years unless the Road be amended before, and the Money borrowed be repaid.

and for 21 Years

from 25 Mar,

CAP. XXVII.

1747. by 20

Geo. C l6' An Act for the better Security of His Majesty's Royal Person and Government.

To be

WHEREAS the Welfare and Safety of this Kingdom, and the Reformed Religion, do, next under God, entirely depend upon the Preservation of Your majesty's Royal Person and Government, which by the merciful Providence of God of late have been delivered from the bloody and har barous Attempts of Traitors and other Your majesty's Enemies, who, there is just Reason to believe, ' have in great Measure been encouraged to undertake and prosecute such their wicked Designs, partly by Your majesty's great and undeserved Clemency towards them, and partly by the Want of a (efficient Provision in the Law, for the securing Offices and Places of Trust to such as are well aftetsted to yourma e jesty's Government, and for the repressing and puniftting such as are known to be disaffected to the same For Remedy whereof may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Persons refuting Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after tatake theoaihs the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, all and every Person and Persons who shall refuse by i w. & M. to take the Oaths mentioned and appointed to be taken in an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of blevovhepe" the ^c'gn f Dis present Majesty and the late Queen of Blelled Memory, intituled, An Act for the abro naltics inflicted gating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, or either of them, when tendied on Popish Rccu to him or them by any Persons lawfully authorised to administer or tender the same, or shall refute or stats to appear when lawfully summoned, in order to have the said Oaths tendred to him or them, shall, until he or they have duly taken the said Oaths, be liable to incur, forfeit, pay and suffer all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, Sums of Money, Disabilities and Incapacities, which by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, now in Force, or any of them, are inflicted upon Popish Recusants duly convkft of Resufancy: names of Per And for the better and more orderly levying and answering the said Penalties and Forfeitures to Plis ma fons i efufmgto jesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Persons so tendring the said Oaths shall, upon every such Refusal or Record a Default of Appearance as aforesaid, record and enter in Parchment the Christian and Surnames, and the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so refusing, or not appearing as aforesaid, to take the said Oaths, or either of them, together with the Time of such Tender and Refusal, or Default of Appearance, and Record to be shall deliver and certify the said Record or Entry to the justices of Assize, Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or certified to the Gaol Delivery, at their next Session within the same County, who shall forthwith estreat and certify the justices of Affame into Plis majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be there entered of Record, to the end that the said Court of Exchequer to Exchequer may thereupon award and Blue such Process against the Lands and Goods of the said Person or

issue Process Persons mentioned in such Estreat or Certificate, as may by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm be award

against Lands ed and Blued against the Lands or Goods of a Popish Recusant convict.

nd Goods. - 3

"Persons

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Gomel mi III C 27. 617

"Persons denying Mis majesty's Right, or affirming that of others, on Conviction to incur the Penalty of "Premunire 16 R. z. C 5. 1 W. & lvl. IT. z. C 2."

e III. And whereas for the better Preservation of His Majesty's Royal Person and Government against the aforesaid wicked and traitorous Designs, upon a full Discovery thereof, great Numbers of His Majesty's ' good Subjects haveentred into and subscribed an Act'ociation in the Words following, viz,

WHEREAS there has been a horrid and detestable Conspiracy, formed and carried on by Papifis, and other Form of the wicked and traitorous Persons, for affafjinating His Majesty's Royal Person, in order to encourage an aftociaiion.

' lnvajion from France, to subvert our Religion, Laws and Liberty: We whose Names are hereunto subscribed, By 11 & 12 W, C do. heartily, sincerely and solemnly profess, tejhfy and declare. That His present Majesty King William is 3 <= t7 and 1 11 rightful and lawful King of these Realms. And we do mutually promise and engage to Jland by and assist each annk. fiat other to the utmost of our Power, in the Support and Defence of His Majestfs most sacred Person anclgovern of this

' went, against the late King James, and all his Adherents. And in case His Majesty come to any violent or un Act as relates to timely Death (which God forbid) vje do hereby further freely and unanimously oblige ourselves to unite, associate this Association and Jland by each other, in revenging the same upon His Enemies and their Adherents, and in supporting and de is repealed.

' sending the Succession of the Crown, according to an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King w1 L L i a m C Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the iw. M. ff.

' Succession of the Crown.' 2. C 2.

"Association to remain good and lawful, Commissioners of Accounts and Officers under the King, &c.

"within thirty Miles of London, shall in Easter Term subscribe the Association, or before 1 August, at the "Quarter sessions. Persons admitted into Office, to subscribe the said Association, and the Declaration in "z Car. 2. C z. Persons neglecting or refusing to subscribe the Association, to be incapable of their Of "Penalty on Persons executing Office after Neglect or Refusal. Subscriptions to be registered. ofk "cers forfeiting by Neglect, may have a new Grant 'on Subscribing. Information to be given in three "Days, and Prosecution in three Months; no Conviction but on Oath of two Witnesses."

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Dissenters from the

the Church of England, called Quakers, who scruple the taking any Oath, as shall make and subscribe the Declaration of Declaration of Fidelity, mentioned in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Fidelity of 1 w. and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects dissenting from 1. c.i8j

the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, and shall produce such witnesses and Certificates as are by the said Act required, proving themselves to be of the said People called Quakers, and shall also own King William to be rightful and lawful King of these Realms, shall and are hereby exempted from the Penalties and Forfeitures provided by this Act for such as shall refuse to take the Oaths to His Majesty "

"to the Prince and Princess to subscribe. Persons on Board the Fleet, or in the Service beyond "Sea, may, subscribe in three Months after Return."

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all or any the Pains, Penal k'r, e under, '9 ties or Disabilities, to be incurred by any Person or Persons, as Popish Recusants convict, by virtue of this act, for not taking the Oaths aforesaid, may be pardoned, remitted or discharged by the King Majesty, [or not taking His Heirs or Successors, under the Privy Seal; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise not ihe Oaths, withstanding "

"this Parliament Members to subscribe the Association, or be disabled; a Writ to issue for a new 3 £4 V & "Election. Persons returning from France, during the War, without Licence, to surrender themselves, C3*

"and give Security to depart in twenty Days, &c. 1 W. & M. ff. 1. C 8."

XIX

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall refuse to take the tr^uf'ns

Oaths directed by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the late Queen oaths by 1 w. Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, & M. fl. ic. or being Quakers, shall! reiufe to subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, directed by one other Act of Parlia Or, if Quakers, ment made in the said first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, An Act dej]^t, n of^for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of Fidelity, 10 certain Laws (which Oaths and Subscription respectively the Sheriff or Chief Officer taking the Poll at any have novote in Election of Members to serve in Parliament, at the Request of any one of the Candidates, are hereby im Election of powered and required to administer) shall be admitted to give any Vote for the Election of any Knight of Members of the Shire, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of the cinque ports, to serve in Parliament. s" itgm'2.

C 30. providing that Persons in Office take thetefiin six Montis.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to detain in Persons com custody, without Bail or Mainprize, any Person who is or shall, before the last Day of Trinity Term one tted thousand six hundred ninety six, be committed upon Information upon Oath against him for High Treason, detained tin i until the first Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety six, unless such Person should be sooner Decemb. 1696, bailed by Order of Council, signed by IX of his Majesty's Privy Council^any Law or Statute to the con unless bailed by trary notwithstanding. Order of Coun

Voi. HI,

4k

cil.

1 W. & M. ff.

2. C 2.

Commissions to te in Force 6 Monthsafter the King's Death, tinless superseded by the Successor. Enforced by 1 Annae, Hat. 1. C 8.

Farther Provi- Jims relating hereto, 6 Finn, C 7 & 14. and 8 Amt, C 15.

XXI. And for the better securing of the Succession of the Crown in such Manner, as in and by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown, is provided, limited and appointed: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commission, either Civil or Military, shall cease, determine or be void, by Reason of the Death or Demise of His present Majesty, or of any of His Heirs or successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, but that every such Commission shall be, continue and remain in full Force and Virtue, for the Space of six Months next after any such Death or Demise, unless in the mean Time superseded, determined or made void by the next and immediate successor, to whom the Imperial Crown of this Realm, according to the Act of Settlement herein before mentioned, is limited and appointed to go, remain or defeend.

C This Act not to make void any Office of Inheritance, &c. so as a Deputy be appointed, who will fub "feribe the Association, and shall be approved of by the King."

This at5lis enforced by9 & 10 W. 3, C i,

1 w.&m.ff.i. C 32.

4 & 5 W. & M. C 24.

Further continued.

Part of 13 & 14 Car. 2. C j8 snaking the Exportation of Wool Felony, repealed.

Ports where "Wool may be imported from Ireland.

An Account to bs transmitted from Ireland to England once in six Months of all Wool exported.

Certificates to be writ on Paper, and not interlined.

Wool not to be carried by Land to or from any County adjoining to Scotland, or within 5 Miles of the Seacoast, but, C

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, and for the encouraging

the Importation thereof from irelar.d.

WHEREAS several Laws have been made to prevent the Exportation of Wool, yet nevertheless the said Exportation is still continued, whereby daily Mischiefs and Evils do happen, and a Cor respondence with France is maintained, to the great Prejudice of the Government, and Discouragement of the Manufacture of this Kingdom.

II. And whereas in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, there passed an Act, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manu fastures of this Kingdom; which Act was continued by an Act: made in the fourth and fifth Years of King Will 1 am and Queen Mary, intituled An ft for reviving, continuing and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and near expiring, and will now soon expire: And whereas for preventing the said Mischiefs, it is necessitry the said Act should be continued

1: 1. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained (except what is hereafter otherwise altered, explained or repealed) shall continue and remain in full Force, as if the same were herein and hereby particularly recited and mentioned.

IV. And whereas the Statute of the thirteenth and fourteenth of King Charles the Second, made against the Exportation of Wool, among other Things in the said Act mentioned, doth enact the same to be deemed Felony; by the Severity of which Penalty the Prosecution of Offenders hath not been so effectually put in execution be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act, which relates to the making the said Offence Felony, be repealed and made void.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Encouragement of the Importation of Wool from Ireland, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, from the Place or Places in the said Act limited, to import into England from Ireland any Quantity or Quantities of Wool, to any the Ports hereafter mentioned (that is to say) jfhitebaven in the County of Cumberland, Leverpoole, Chester, Bristol, Bridgewater, Minehead, barnjlapl and Biddiford, and to no other; anything in this Act: to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Vj. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners or Farmers of the Custom's in the Kingdom of Ireland for the time being, shall from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, once every six Months, transmit or cause to be transmitted unto the Commissioners of His Majesty's cu stoms in England, a true Account of all such Wool as shall be from time to time exported from any of the Places within the said Kingdom of Ireland, from whence the same may be exported, the Quantity and Weight thereof, and by whom, and in what Ships exported, and where consigned, and the Names of the Persons signing the Certificates of the landing the same in England, and the Date of the said Certificates, and where the same was landed, as all'o the Quantity and Weight contained in the said Certificates, in order that the same may be compared with the Account by the said Act: appointed to be kept by the Commissioners of the Customs of this Kingdom.

VII. And for preventing the Mischiefs of rafing, obliterating or interlining such Certificates as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That all Certificates given for the Landing of Wool from Ireland, or from one Port to another in England, shall be written upon Pap: r, and not Parchment, and that the Quantities therein exprest ed shall not be obliterated or interlined upon any Pretence whatsoever.

VIII. And whereas the several Inhabitants of the several Counties and Shires of this Realm next ad joining to the Kingdom of Scotland, and to the Seacoasts, do reap great Profit and Advantage by the car rying out of Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Fullers Earth, and Scouring Clay, into the said Kingdom of Scotland, and exporting of them into France, and other Parts beyond the Seas, to the great Prejudice and Decay of the Woollen Manufacture of this Realm; ' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Wool, or any other of the Commodities aforesaid, shall be laid or loaden on any Hoise, or oth r Carriage whatsoever, or shall be carried or conveyed by Land, to or from any Place or Places within the said Counties next adjoining to the said Kingdom A Scotland, or within five Miles of the Seacoast, as aforesaid, but between sun rising and sun sett.ng, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the said Commodities, and of the said Korfes, and other Cattle and Carriage

e tuple

_) ed

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo G u LI e L m i III C 28. 619

employed in carrying the same; and that no Ship or vessel hall export or carry the same into any Part be Penalties, yond the Seas, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the said Commodities, Ship and Vessel, and Treble the Value thereof, with Treble Costs of Suit; and the Inhabitants of the respective Hundred, Port, or treblec»rt«. Place exempt, next adjoining to the said Kingdom of Scotland, or to the Sea Coalis out of or through which Special proii any Wool, or any other of the Commodities aforesaid, shall be so carried or exported, flrall forfeit twenty lion is to Pounds, if the said Wool so carried out or exported shall be under the Value of ten Pounds; bu: if it Hundred shall be of greater Value, then treble the Value thereof so exported, or carried out of the said Kingdom, q

as also treble Costs of Suit: All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs of Suit, are to be recovered C 4, °*, u'. and received by him or them that shall fuefor the same, and to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suit,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, against the Inhabitants of such Hundred, Port, or Place exempt, out of or through which the said Wool or other Commodities shall be exported, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, where no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, hall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Execution for the Informer shall and Execution may may be had against two or more of the said Inhabitants; and that after Execution had by Force of this be had against z Act, it shall and may be lawful (upon Complaint made by the Party or Parties so charged) to and for the ot nere Justices of the Peace of the same County or Place where any such Execution shall be had, at their General Fjjh s, t Southeast Quarter sessions to beheld for the said County or Place, to assess and tax, rateably and proportionably, ac iionsmay aflu's cording to their Discretions, all and every the Towns, Parishes, Villages, and Hamlets, in the said Hun prnponiunabiy died. Port, or Place exempt, in the same Manner and Form as any Hundred ought to be charged in case 25 in caseof of Robbery committed, for the Persons against whom Execution shall be had for the Person so robbed, pur Kc, b, ry com suant to an Act made in the seven and twentieth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for thejcl mi "'lowing of the Hue and Cry, and that the Justices of the Peace of the said County or Place, where such Fact

shall be committed, shall and are hereby empowered and required, at their General Quarter sessions to be 'he

held for the said County or Place, to levy the Penalties hereby charged upon the said Inhabitants, by an inhabitants, equal assessment upon the said inhabitants, and reimburse lueh Person or Persons Inhabitants within the said Hundred, Port, or Place exempt, adjacent to the Kingdom of Scotland, or the Seacoast, from whence the said Wool, or other the said Commodities, shall be tramported, in the same Manner, as if there had been a Judgement at Law against the said Hundred, Port, or Place exempt.

X. And be i t further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Persons who shall be aiding, abetting, Penalty for af or assisting, in carrying or exporting any of the said Commodities out of this Realm, as aforesaid (being le ln 1i\the f gaily convicted thereof) shall fufter three Years Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize, and the Owner \voc°]jution ° of the said Wool, or of any other of the Commodities aforesaid, and all and every Person or Persons who shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting, in carrying or exporting of them or any of them out of this Kingdom, shall answer and satisfy treble the Value of all such Forfeitures and Penalties, which such Inhabitants shall be so charged with and liable to, as also treble Costs of Suit; which shall and may be recovered by Actions to be in Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at I'vefmin the Name of the fer, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one impar of the lance, by and in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, of or for every such County or county,

Place, without naming the Christian Name or Surname of the said Clerk of the Peace; which treble Value and treble Costs of Suit shall be to the only Use and Behoof of the said Inhabitants; and that notwithstanding the Death or Removal of any such Clerk of the Peace, after such Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, sued, commenced, or preferred, the same shall be prosecuted and pursued to Judgement and Execution, in such Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as that Clerk of the Peace might have done, which first commenced or preferred the said Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information.

XI. And for the better and more impartial Trials of all such Actions and Informations which shall be and tried by a commenced or prosecuted by virtue of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Ac j"ry of another tions and Informations shall be tried, in any of Plis majesty's Courts of Record, by a Jury of good and coun' j lawful Freeholders to be summoned out of any other County than that wherein the Fact shall be committed: And to encourage Persons to discover the said Crime, the first three Persons who have been aiding, Firfc 3 Persons abetting, or assisting, in carrying out or Exportation of Wool, or any other of the Commodities, as aforesaid,

that shall inform thereof any Justice of the Peace in either of the said several Counties aforesaid, fert^penalties" whereby the Punishment and Penalties appointed by this Act may be inflicted and recovered, the Party or Parties so discovering (not being Owner or Part Owners of the said Wool, or other Commodities aforesaid) shall not fufter any of the said Penalties or Punishment.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Actions against

brought and prosecuted by any Person or Persons against any Justice of Peace, or other Person employed by Justice of Peace them or any of them in the Execution of this Act, for any Matter, Cause, or Thing, by them or either m

'of them done, committed, or executed, by virtue or p.eafon of this Act, or any C a use or Article therein wher/the^aft contained, that then, and in every such Case, the Action shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was tone, was done and committed, and not CL le where; and the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General

Blue, and give the special Matter in Evidence at the 7 rial, that the same was done in Pursuance, and by Authority of this Act: And if upon Examination it shall so happen to be done, the Jury shall find for the Difen lam miy Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his Ac p'fa; i General tion, after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, the Defendant or Defendants shall have lllue> c and recover their treble Costs which he or they shall sustain or be put unto by reason of his or their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; and that every Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Infor Limitation of mation, by virtue of this Act, shall be commenced and prosecuted within one Year after the Fact com Afllons* mined.

4 K 2

620 C 2g, Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

Penalty on Pc

XIII. Provided always, That if any Person, who is intituled to the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inevorteitures' £'ven' shall compound with any Hundred, Port, or Place exempt, hereby liable to pay the same, for any C "' lefier Sum than what is hereby given; that it shall at any Time hereafter be lawful for any other Person to sue for and recover the same in Manner and Form as aforesaid, as if no such Composition had been made; and the Person so compounding shall for such his Offence suffer five Years Imprisonment without Bail or Act to continue Mainprize: And this Act to continue in Force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next fjr 3 Years. Session of Parliament.

of

XIV. And for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and Correspondence with France; be it of the Admiral further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of England, or Commissioners for shipstnd armed execi|t'ns the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, shall from time to time direct and appoint sicop/to cruise. one Ship of the fifth Rate, and two Ships of the sixth Rate, and four armed Sloops, constantly to cruise from off the North Foreland to the Isle of Wight, with Orders for taking and seizing all Ships, Vessels, or Boats, which shall export any Wool, or carry or bring any prohibited Goods or any suspected Persons. jlt'tj!7o&en [Continued by9W. 3. C 40.]

W. 3. C 10. 3 Geo. j. C 21. 4 Geo. T. C II 5 Geo. 1. C II 12. Geo. I. C 34. 13 Geo. 1. c. 23* 5 Geo. 2. c. 21, 12 Geo. 2. C L 15 Geo. 2. C ijt

2$ Geo. 2. c. 24. 26 Geo. 2. c. 8 & 11. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 30 Geo. C 12.-

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws

relating thereunto.

WHEREAS any evil disposed Persons assuming to themselves the Names and Titles of the King's General or Deputy Surveyors of the Highways, and other Persons, without any legal Authority for the same, have of late Years, by Threats, false Informations, and other illegal Ways, extorted and gotten great Sums of Money from several Owners of Wagons and Carriages of this Kingdom, under at Car. 2. C 12.*Colour and by Force of the wording of a certain Clause in a certain Act of Parliament (entitled, An act ditional Act for the better repairing of Highways and Bridges) made in the two and twentieth Year of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, containing these Words, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June, therein mentioned, no Travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, wherein any Burdens, Goods, or Wares are or fall be carried (other than such Carts and Carriages as are employed in

and about Husbandry, and manuring of Lands, and in the carrying of Hay, Straw, Corn untkreshed. Coal, 1 Chalk, Timber for Shipping, Materials for Building, Stones of all Sorts, or such Ammunition or Artillery 1 which fall be for His Majesty's Service) fall at any Time travel, or be drawn, or go in any common or public Highway or Road, with above five Horse Beasts at Length; and if any fall draw with a greater Number of

Horses or Oxen, they fall all dravj in Pairs, that is to say, two a breajl, for such a Number as they fall use, 13 fa!, 2. < except one Horse, contrary to the Equity, true Intent and Meaning of the said Clause For Prevention of

c. 5' such Extortion and Oppression for Time to come, and the better Explanation of the said Clause;

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Penalty on the Authority thereof, That for the better repairing and amending of the said Highways, and the better

Owners of Application of the Forfeitures in and about the same, every Owner of any Wagon, Cart, Carriage, Horse,

&catbe5 m Beast' or Oxen, offending contrary to this present Act, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, and no tocihe°surveyor m°re, for every respective Offence, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish, Town, of the High Village, or Hamlet, where any the said Offences shall be committed, to be paid to the Surveyor or Surveys, veyors, and to no other Person or Persons whatsoever; which said Forfeiture and Forfeitures shall be levied

Bum, V 1.536. in such Manner as the Penalties in the said recited Act, imposed on every Constable or Surveyor of the p'c' Highways, for refusing or neglecting to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for or touching the repairing, amending, or enlarging of such Highways, are directed and appointed, and no otherwise; who to receive and the said Parish Surveyor and Surveyors for the time being are hereby authorised and required to take accoum to the an a'eceive tbie said Forfeiture and Forfeitures, and to pay in and account for the same respectively upon Justices on Oath Oath to the justices of the Peace at their Special Sessions held once in four Months, pursuant to an Act once in of Parliament in the second and third Years of our said Sovereign Lord King William, and the late Queen

Months. of Gracious Memory, which said Forfeiture and Forfeitures are to be employed in and about the Repairs 3*4 W. & M, of the Highways, in the respective Parish or Parishes, Town, Village, or Hamlet, where such Forfeitures Forfeiture to ars or were committed, according to the Direction and Appointment of the last mentioned Statute, and no le employed in otherwise; anything in the said Act of the two and twentieth of King Charles the Second, or any other repairing the Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Highways. '

III. And whereas by a Statute made in the two and twentieth Year of King Charles the Second, in

axe Car. 2. C 12. < tituled, An Additional Act for the better repairing of Highways and Bridges, it is enacted, That no Wagon,

' Wain, Cart, or Carriage (except as therein excepted) shall at any Time travel or be drawn, orgo in any common or public Highway or Road, with above five Horse Beasts at Length, and if any shall draw

with a greater Number of Horses, or Oxen, they shall all draw in Pairs: And whereas, to avoid the In ' tendon of the said Act, the Waggoners have fixed an Iron or Shaft on the Side of the Wagon, whereby

Travelling Wag ' none of the Horses go in a Line with the Wheels, and those which draw on the Side make the Rut deeper, gons not to have < and thereby the more impair the Highways: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforebtc? e^nd' said, That from and after the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six one Horse hundred ninety and six, no travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, wherein any Burdens, Goods, waggons, Carts, or Wares are or shall be carried or drawn for Hire (other than such Wagon, Cart or Carriages as a*e cm fcc. excepted, ployed

ployed in or about Husbandry or Manuring of Lands, and in the carrying of Hay, Straw, Corn unthreshed.

Coal, Chalk, Timber, Materials for Building, Stones of all Sorts, or such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for His Majesty's Service] shall at any one time travel or be drawn, or go in any common or publick Highway, with above eight Horses, and not with above eight Oxen and one Horse, or six Orden and two Horses, or two Oxen and six Horses, or four Oxen and four Horses; said Horses, or Horses and hnrfes0.r Oxen, shall draw in Pairs with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or in double Shafts, and the other Horfps to drawln Pairs to draw in a Line with the Wheel Horses or Oxen, in the same Manner as they usually draw in Coaches, upon Pain that every Owner of such Wagon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, Horse or Oxen, shall forfeit for Penalty to ts every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, two third Parts whereof shall be to the Use of the High'"'d b? Dl ways, and the other third Part to the Informer, to be levied by Distress of any one of the said Horses or tered by Oxen, by the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Surveyor of the Highways, or Overseer of the Poor 6 Anna., C 29.'of the Parish or Place where the said Offence is or shall be committed, or any of them; and in case the 9 Anne. 18. Penalty be not paid within three Days after such Distress, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Peri Geo. 1. flat. a. soil so diffraining to sell the same, restoring the Overplus to the Owner thereof, the Charges of distraining, C 1 & 5 Gco

selling and keeping being first deducted; anything in this or any other Law to the contrary in any wise geo'.vi'c 42. notwithstanding, Geo. 2. C \.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Innship, Liberty, Pre j6 Geo. 2. c. 29. cindl, or Vill, that uses to repair their own Highways, shall have levied the Rate of sixpence in the At, y innship. Pound, and employed the same toward the Repair of the Highways, and yet the said Highways are notfuf

ficiently repaired, that then and in such Cases it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, at pair their high their Special Sessions to be held every four Months for the confijeration of the Highways, to 01 der the ways, though Parish whole Parish to contribute so the repairing thereof. to contribute.

V. And be it further enacted by the uthority aforesaid, That any Person that shall have in his or her 50l. per Ann. Occupation, wood land, or aether Land, to the Value of fifty Pounds per Annum, shall be adjudged and Land, deemed deemed to have a plough land, as to all or any of the Purposes within any of the Statutes heretofore made e9ual "a

of or concerning the Highways; anything in them, or any Usage or Custom, to the contrary in any wise plo "E "an notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it hath been found necessary to secure horse caufways, or Causways for Horses, and

foot caufways, to travel upon in public Highways, by Posts, Blocks, or great Stones fixed in the

Ground, or by Banks of Earth call up, or otherwise, from being broken up and spoiled with Wagons,

Wains or Carts: And forasmuch as several evil disposed Persons do frequently pull up, cut down, and re move the said Posts, Blocks and great Stones, so fixed as aforesaid, and also dig and cast down the said Banks, which are the Securities and Defences of the said Causways, whereby the Causways are often

ruined and destroyed For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and penalty f0rrt» after the said four and twentieth Day of Jane, every Person who shall pull up, cut down, or remove ar.y moving Pods, Soft, Block, great Stone, Bank of Earth or other Security, which was setup, placed and made, for fecu Stones, C let ring the said Horse and Foot Causways from Wagons, Wains, and Carts, shall (upon Complaint thereof UP fr <=cur|nb made to any Justice of the Peace of the Place or Division, where such Offence shall be proved to be done era Foot by the Oath of any one credible Witness, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, or au "a*View of the Justice himself) forfeit for every of the said Offences the Sum of twenty Shillings, one

Moiety thereof to the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish, Town or Division where any of the said Offences shall be committed, to be employed in the Repairs of the said Highways, and the other Moiety thereof to him that shall discover the same, to be levied in Manner as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any General Surveyor, or De Penalty on sur puty Surveyor, or Supervisor of His Majesty's own private Roads, or other Person or Persons, shall make veyorscom any Composition, or demand, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward whatsoever, p°»nding with of any Carrier, Wagoner, or other Person or Persons, upon the Account of drawing with any Number of wass°ners> Horses or Oxen, otherwise than as is appointed by this Actor for any other Offence in Relation to the frartlc\pr< highways, that every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Repair of the said Highways, and the other jifo.i.'t.jg. Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, 24gm. 2. C 43. Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor6 gea any more than one Imparlance j any Law, Statute or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. tc°ij

Geo. 2. c. 28. and 31 Geo. 2. e 34*

CAP. XXX.

An Act for laying several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

tl'or the Supplying Your majesty's extraordinary Occasions, and the better Support of Tour Govern j2\v. 3. C ir.

merit; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the §. 6. 3 & 4'Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Aon. C 4. of the same. That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thou i-336>

land six hundred ninety six, until the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our C 2

Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, there shall be paid, by way of Excise, unto His Majesty, His Excise on low Heirs, and Successors, for all Imw Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, drawn by ar.y Distiller or other Wines. Person making or drawing Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale or Exportation, within this Kingdom of ' "J'left Duties

3 england^are

6 22 C 30.

Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Rates and Duties following (that is

England, Dominion of Wales,

Low Wines, C j

reign m.uciiais, II For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign 8 d. per. Gallon, or imported Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, eight Pence.

From w, ft, III For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extradition, made or drawn from Brewers fromdrink10"' Wafti or Tilts, twelve Pence.

br°wed, I'd. per IV For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn only from Drink

Gxllon! brewed and made of any Sort of malted Corn, one Penny.

V For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any other

Sort or Kind oi English Materials, threepence.

VI. For every Barrel of mixed Liquors, commonly called or known by the Name of Sweets, made from foreign or English Materials, twelve Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Distillers and others, who shall draw

or; make any Low Wines, Spirits or Brandy, from Com, shall brew, or cause their Corn to be brewed, and from such Drink so made and prepared (without any Mixture with any Molofles, Wash or Tilts, or other Materials whatsoever) shall draw their Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction: And that it shall and may be lawful for the Gauger and Gaugers of Excise, from time to time, to gauge and keep an Account of the Liquors, Worts and Drink, made and drawn by such Distillers or others, for the making such

Low Wines, Spirits or Brandies, and to see that the same be drawn and made from Drink made of malted Corn entirely, without any Mixture as aforesaid; in Case any Distillers or others, shall therewith mix

Bow winrs.&c. any other Materials, either in the Brewing, or after the same is made, into Drink, and before the same be fiomm.xrdnnk, distilled into Low Wines, the said Gaugers shall charge the Low Wines, drawn from the Drink so mixed, izd. pergaiion. V the j^uty 0p twelve Pence for every Gallon; which said Duty shall be answered and paid to His Majesty and Successors.

& 4 Annre, ^ee Is Car, 2' C z j5 Car. 2* C JI. 3 & 4 w & C 15. And'ior the Increase and Continuance of these Duties, See. 12 & 13 W, j.

C. 11. 4 Anna?, C 12. 5 Anna?, C 19. i Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 12. §.8. 1 Geo. 2. stat. 2. CI

From other eng lish Materials 3 d. per Gallon. Sheets, 12 s. per Barrel.

jlow Wines, Sc, C to be draw n from Drink not mixed with Mo losses, C Gauger to keep Account of Liquors made by Distillers, See,

Penalty on di stiller preparing Wash from Molofles, C until the Liquors be drawn off. Penalty on Gauger making false Charge.

Distillers may export Brandies, C drawn from Drink,

and not mixed, paying the Duties.

Drawback allowed of 3d. per Gallon on all Spirits exported.

Duties, chow to be levied and paid.

12 Car. 2, C 24.

Decayed Wines, Cyder, See found in any di ftiljing house prepared for di ftillation, See,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distillers or others, drawing Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, prepared as aforesaid, shall prepare any Wash from Molofles, or other Materials, or receive any Wall of Molofles, or other Materials, from any other Person whatsoever, until he has drawn off and distilled all the Liquors made or prepared from Corn as aforesaid, on Pain of Forfeiture for every Barrel of such Liquors made of Corn as aforesaid, found undistilled or drawn into Low Wines, the Sum of five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gauger, or other Officer of ex cife, shall wittingly and willingly make a false Charge, by returning to the Commissioners any Quantity of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, not made from malted Corn, as made and drawn from malted Corn, such Gauger or Officer shall forfeit his Office or Employment, and also shall forfeit for every Gallon of Low Wines so falsely charged or returned, the Sum of ten Shillings.

X. And for the further Encouragement of Distillers and others to draw and make Spirits or Brandies from malted Corn brewed into Drink as aforesaid, and to export the same as Merchandise into Parts beyond the Seas; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Distillers, of others, upon Oath made before any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or justices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any Brandy or Strong Waters is or are intended to be exported, that the same were or was made and drawn from Drink brewed from malted Corn, without any Mixture with any other Materials, and that the same is not mixed with any Low Wines not drawn a second Time, nor with any other Spirits or Brandy made from any other Materials, either Native or Foreign, and that the Duties of the same are duly entered or paid, and that the same are exported for Merchandise, to be spent beyond the Seas, to export such Spirits or Brandies made from Corn prepared as aforesaid; upon a Certificate under the Hands of the Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits or Brandies were shipped oft', of the Quantity so shipped, and that the same was shipped in the Presence of such Officers, that such Distiller or others so exporting shall be allowed or paid back, by the Commissioners, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits or Brandy shall be shipped oft', the Sum of threepence for every such Gallon of Brandy or Spirits so shipped off.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid unto His Majesty, Plis Heirs and Successors, during the Time before mentioned, in the same Manner and Form, anu by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, expressed and directed, in and by one at of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in capite, by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Lav now in Force relating to the Revenue of Excise.

XII. And for preventing the making oi drawing of Low Wines or Spirits of a first or second Extraction, by any compound Distiller or rectifying Oilfiller, or any other common Distiller, whereby to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this Act imposed; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gauger or Officer of Excise shall, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March find in the distilling house, or other House or Warehouse, of any compound Distiller, or rectifying Distiller, or any other common Distiller, any Quantity of decayed Wines, Cyder, or other Materials fit for or preparing for Distillation, whereby he may be induced to believe that such compound or rectifying Distiller, or

dler, doth or may draw or extract Low Wines or Spirits from such Materials, and such

Gauger

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III C 30. 623

Gauger or Officer shall find any Still or Stills of such distiller's charged or prepared to work, that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Gauger or Officer to take off the Head of such Still or Stills, and to examine what Materials are therein, if not at work; and in case such Still or Stills shall be at work, that then

it shall and may be lawful to and for such Gauger or Officer to stay and continue in such distiller's Distilling

house, until such Still or Stills shall be wrought off, and then to examine what Materials were wrought be wrought fr, therein; and in Case any such Distiller shall refuse to permit such Gauger to continue in his Distiliing >«'! ex>mine the house, until such Still or Stills shall be wrought off, and examined, as aforesaid, in every such Case such Majids. Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds. ftuier rcfnfin5*"

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twen 1. )rrc u ing' tieth Day of March, all and every the Stills, Worms, still heads, and all other Vessels and Utensils for charged wuh distilling, tiled by any such Distiller, or other Person for making of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Ex Debts far Exportation, into whose Hands soever the same shall come, and by what Conveyance or Title soever the cist, C same be claimed, shall be liable and subject unto, and are hereby charged with, all and singular the Debts

and duti'.s of Excise that now are, or hereafter shall be, in Arrear and owing by any such Distiller, or other Person or Persons, for any Strong Waters, Spirits, or Low Wines, so made or drawn, as aforesaid; that it shall be lawful in all Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings, against the Stills, Worms, Vessels, and Utensils, therein contained, as it may be lawful to do in case the Debtor or Offender, using the said Utensils, had been truly and really Owner and Proprietor of the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Gauger and Gaugers of Excise Gaitgcrstogauge shall, from time to time, gauge and take Account of all Wash and other Materials prepared or preparing the Waft, C for the making of Low Wines, and also of all Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters, found in the f "ndn Houses, Cellars, or ware houses, or in any Wash Back, Cask, or o.her Vessel or Vessels used by any "rs oue, 'c' Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits; and in cale he shall miss any Quantity or Quantities of LI Gauger

quor or Drink brewed or made from Corn, or any Wash or other Materials prepared for making of Low Liquor found at Wines, which he found or gauged the last Time such Gauger was at such distiller's, not exceeding twenty his last Gauge, four Hours before, and shall not, on Demand, receive Satisfaribion what is become of such Drink or Wash cor other suchlike Materials, that in every such case it shall be lawful for such Gauger to charge such Di distiher^hh so stiller with so much Low Wines, as such Liquor, Drink, Wash, or other Materials so missing, in his much as is mif judgement would reasonably have made. ling.

XV. And to the Intent that the Duties payable to His Majesty for all Low Wines, Spirits, Aqua Vitan0 Distiller, and Strong Waters, maybe the better ascertained, collected, and levied; be it enacted by the Authority to distill or deli -- aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, no Distiller or Maker of Low ver.out any Wines, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters shall distill or set their Stills at work for the drawing or ma ^'"wfth^tno king any the Liquors abovementioned, or shall deliver or carry out any Low Wines, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, tito the offi to any of their Customers, in Cask, or by the Gallon, without Notice thereof first given to the Officer ccr of Excise, " of Excise for the Place or Division where such Distiller or Maker shall live, to the Intent that such Officer C

may be present to see and gauge the same; unless at such Times as herein after are mentioned (that is to say) From the nine and twentieth Day of September to the five and twentieth Day of March yearly, between the Hours of five in the Morning and eight in the Evening, and from the five and twentieth Day Penalty on of March to the nine and twentieth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of three in the Morning Distiller. and nine in the Evening; upon Pain that every Distiller and Maker of the Liquors aforesaid, doing contrary hereunto, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Vinegar, Cyder, Me Penalty for con

theglin, Mead, or Sweets for Sale, shall at any Time hereafter hide, conceal, or convey away any vine V n«gar> > gar, or Liquor prepared for Vinegar, or any Cyder, Metheglin, Mead, or Sweets from the Sight and ga'u, er°m View of the Gauger or Gaugers appointed to take Account of the same, whereby His Majesty shall or may ° r'

be defrauded of any of the Duties due for the same; that every such Maker of such Vinegar, Cyder, Metheglin, Adead, or Sweets, for every Barrel of Vinegar, or Liquor prepared for Vinegar, or Sweets, so hid, concealed, or conveyed away, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; and for every Hogshead of Cyder so hid, concealed, or conveyed away, the Sum of forty Shillings, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; and for every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead so hid, concealed, or carried away, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth, in case any Maker or Re for refuting tailer of Vinegar, or of any of the Commodities aforesaid, shall, upon due Request or Demand made by Gauger to take the Gauger or Officer in the daytime, or if by Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, refuse to per Account, emit such Gauger or Officer to enter and come into his or their House, store house, or other Place belonging to or used by such Maker or Retailer of Vinegar, or of any other the Liquors or Commodities aforesaid,

and to take Account of any of the Liquors or Commodities aforesaid; in every such Case such Maker of Vinegar, or any other of the Liquors or Commodities aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the

Sum of fifteen Pounds.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth no Maker of Vinegar or and for carrying Sweets shall sell, deliver, or carry out, any Vinegar or Sweets to any of his Customers, either in whole ollt v!nesa, '> Cask, or by the Gallon, without Notice thereof first given to the Gauger or Officer of Excise for the Place to

or Division where such Maker of Vinegar or Sweets shall live, to the Intent that such Officer may be pre officei .5" sent to see, gauge, and take an Account of the same, unless at such Times as are herein after mentioned (that is to say) From the nine and twentieth Day of September to the five and twentieth Day of March yearly, between the Hours of five in the Morning and eight in the Evening, and from the five and twentieth Day of March to the nine and twentieth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of three in the Morning and nine in the Evening; upon Pain that every such Maker of Vinegar or Sweets, doing

contrary

62 4

Clause, in the Act a W. & M. ff. 2. C 9. §. iz. continued

Brewers, Src. brewing a Party Guile, to declare to Gauger how much Strong Beer and how much Small, C In case of refusal. Gauger to return the whole as Strong Beer. 4 This Clause repealed by 8 & 9V 3. C 19.

Penalty for in creating Strong Beer after such Declaration,

for carrying out any Part of a Guile before Gauger hath taken an Account,

and for refilling to permit Gauger to come into his brew house, CC

30. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

contrary hereunto, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings, for every Barrel of Vinegar or Sweets that shall be so carried out, contrary to the true Meaning of this act.

XIX. Aik! be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a certain Clause in an act made in the second Year of the Reign of His Majesty and the late Queen Mary of Blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the drilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn, and for laying fever a I Duties on Low wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, relating to Strong Waters, Brandy, Aqua Sites, and other exciseable Liquors brought from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, and all the Charges, Duties, and Penalties, and every Article and Thing therein contained, shall continue and be of Force and Virtue, during the Continuance of this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clause were herein Word for Word repeated and enacted.

CXX. And forasmuch as it is found by Experience, that the Payment of His Majesty's Duties on Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, is much avoided and defrauded by the Brewers and Makers thereof, ' by their making Drink of an extraordinary Strength, and mixing of Small Beer or Worts with the same, ' after an Account hath been taken by the Gaugers, and by their carrying away, or laying off Part of their Worts, after the same hath been gauged, and making them up by Part of another Wort, before the Gauger can take an Account of the same, by making use of private Pipes, and other Conveyances under Ground: And by reason the Gaugers and Officers are not duly admitted and permitted to enter and come into the Houses, brew houses, dillilling houses, store houses, and other Places belonging to or used by such Brewers, Distillers, or Makers of the Liquors aforesaid, or being lawfully entered, are not quietly permitted to continue in such brew house, where the said Liquors are brewing and making, to gauge and take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of the several Worts, as they are brewed off, and to see their Strong and Small Drink cleansed and carried out without Mixture, and to prevent the committing any other frauds be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all common Brewers, Innkeepers or Victuallers, who after the said five and twentieth Day of March shall brew or make a Party Guile, shall declare to the Gauger or Gaugers appointed to gauge and take an Account of the same, how much of such Guile he or they intend to make into Strong Beer or Ale, and how much into Small, before any Part of such Guile is cleansed, and shall continue all the said Strong Beer in their Tuns, until the said Small Beer shall be carried out and delivered; and in case such Brewers, Innkeepers, or Victuallers, or their respective Servants, brewing or making such Guile of Beer or Ale, shall refuse to declare to such Gauger or Officers, how much of their Guile or Brewing the y intend to make into Strong Beer or Strong Ale, and how much into Small, before any Part of such Guile is cleansed, or shall permit the said Strong Beer to be carried out of their Tuns, until the said Small Beer shall be carried out and delivered; such Gauger or Gaugers shall charge and return the whole of such Guile to be Strong, and such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, shall pay the Duties thereof accordingly: And in case such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, or their respective Servants, after such Declaration made, shall make any Increase of their Strong Beer or Strong Ale so declared as aforesaid, by any Ways or Means whatsoever, such Increase shall be deemed and taken to be and proceed from mixing Small Beer with such Strong Beer, or Strong Ale j and such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, shall forfeit and lose, for every Barrel lo increased, the Sum of forty Shillings, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Penalties already imposed for mixing Small Beer with Strong; and in case, upon any Information brought against. such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, for the penalties aforesaid, it shall appear by the Evidence given in Behalf of such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, that the Strong Beer, or Strong Ale, so declared as aforesaid, was increased, by adding to or mixing with the same any Strong Beer or Strong Ale, that remained or was left, or returned of a former Guile of his or her brewing, such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, shall incur all the Penalties aforesaid, except it be also proved by the Oath of one or more credible witnesses, that such Strong Beer, or Strong Ale, so added to such Guile, was added to such Guile in the Sight and View of the Gauger, the said Evidence or any other thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, any common Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, shall cleanse, carryout, remove, or convey out of his brew house, or Place of brewing, any Part of his Guile or Brewing of Beer, Ale, or Worts, before the whole of such Guile is brewed off, and be in his Tuns, Backs, or Coolers, and until the Gauger or Gaugers shall or might have.taken an Account of the same, and of the dlflinct Quantities thereof in his respective Vessels, without sir ft giving Notice to the Supervisor or Gauger appointed for the Place or Division where such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, doth or shall inhabit, at what Time, and how much of such Guile or Brewing he intends to cleanse, carry out, or remove, and whee he intends to lay or dispose of the same, such Brewer, Innkeeper or Victualler, for every Barrel of Beer, Ale or Worts, so cleansed, carried out, removed, or conveyed out of his brew house, or Place of brewing, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Brewer, Innkeeper or Victualler, after the said five and twentieth Day of March, shall, upon duerequest or Demand made by the Gauger or other Officer in the daytime, or in the Night in the Presence of a Constable, refuse to permit such Gauger or other Officer to enter and come into his House, brew house, store houses, or other Places belonging to or used by such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler; or being lawfully entered, shall refuse such Gauger or Officer to stay and continue in his brew house, or Place of Brewing, whilst his Guile is brewing, and quietly gauge and take an Account of the several Worts as they are brewed off and let into his Backs and Tuns, and to see their Strong and Small Drink cleansed and carried out without Mixture, and to gauge and take an Account of the Goods in the Mesh Tun, or of the Quantity of Malt from which such Worts are drawn or made, such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds, and the Informer or Prosecutor shall not be obliged to prove that such Brewer, Innkeeper or Victualler, did carry or deliver out any Part of such guile.of Beer or Ale before he

paid

for.

Penalty on Victualler refilling.

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Gu lielmi III. C 30. 625

'paid and cleared the Duties due for the same; anything in the former Acts of Excise, or any other Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And for the preventing and discovering of all Frauds made by Mixtures or otherwise, lie it cn, Vnaj E), ew acted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Brewer or Innkeeper, after the said live and tv/en Cr, &c. mixing" tieth Day of March, shall upon carrying out his Drink, or after the same is carried out, start or mix any smaiib.crv.ith Small Beer or Small Worts with or amongst any Strong Beer or Strong Ale, upon his Dray, or in any Strong after car victualler's Cellar, or other Place, such Brewer or Innkeeper so doing, shall forfeit and lose for every such lic; i ou' offence the Sum of five Pounds; and further, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gauger or Ganger may taste Gaugers of the Excise to tafle the Drink upon any such brewer's Dray or Drays, where and whensoever ink on the he or they shall find and meet the same; anti also, upon Request, to enter into the Cellar or Cellars, or Dray, in the other Rooms in the Possession of any Innkeeper or Victualler that do or shall take or receive any Drink of Vldtualk'r scc' -- or from any common Brewer, and to taste the Drink in the same; and if any Innkeeper or Victualler, after the said five and twentieth Day of March, shall refuse such Gauger or Gaugers to enter and come into their Cellar or Cellars, or other Rooms, or being entered, shall refuse such Gauger or Gauge: s to tafle the Drink in the same, such Innkeeper or Victualler, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Ex Commissioners cife, and Justices of the Peace respectively, upon any Information exhibited before them, for any Offence of Excise, C committed against the Laws of Excise, to funrmon any Person or Persons (other than the Party accused) Df fu"inlon to appear before them at a certain Daytime and Place, to be inserted in such Summons, and to give lind LB' Evidence for the Discovery of the Truth of the Matter in Controversy before them; and in case of ite pen?lry for not gledt or Refusal to appear, or if upon Appearance such Person or Persons shall refuse to give Evidence, appearing, when he shall be thereunto required, every such Person so making Default, fluill forfeit and lose the Sum of

ten Pounds, to be imposed, recovered, levied and disposed in Manner as herein is directed.

XXV. And whereas in and by one Act of Parliament, made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty and the late Queen Mary of Blefied Memory, intituled, An Act for granting tc their 5&6w. m, Majesties several Rata and Duties upon Dunnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other LI C 20. quors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said All mentioned, to such Persons as flail voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards the carrying on the ivar against France, it is amongst other Things enacted in the Words or to the Effect following (viz.) That true Notes in Writing of the laji Gauges, made or taken by the Gaugers, shall be left by them with all Brewers, Makers or Retailers of Beer, Ale, or other Exciseable Liquors respectively, or same of their Servants, at the Dimes of their taking their Gauges, containing the Quantity and flhtality of the Liquors so gauged, upon certain Penalties in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas it is necessary for the securing His Majesty's Duties upon the Liquors aforesaid, that several Gauges be taken by one, or more Officers of every Wort of one and the same Guile or Brewing, by Reason whereof the said Notes left by such Gaugers do not sufficiently inform such Brewer or Retailer how much he is charged in such respective Guile or brewing be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, Caugcrto leave every Gauger mall, within three Days after the End of every Week, deliver to or leave with such Brewer "ith Brewer, or Retailer, or their respective S rvants, a true Copy, under his Hand, of each respective Charge by him ici. ar<dopy made upon such Brewer or Retailer, containing the Quantity and Quality of the Liquors by him charged^in such Week respectively; and if any such Gauger or Gaugers shall refuse or neglect to leave with such

Brewer or Retailer, or their refective Servants, such Copy of his or their Charges as aforesaid, or shall Gauger neglect charge such Brewer or Retailer more than such Copy contains; such Gauger or Gaugers shall forfeit and i, is, close, for every such Offence and Neglect, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered by any Person that shall le Geo. i. c.as. sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Re §3°* cord at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. And it is hereby provided and declared, That no Gauger or Gaugers, whodo or shall leave such Gaugers leaving

Copy of his Charges, as above directed and required, shall from henceforth he liable to any of the Penalties copjtof such by the former Acts imposed, for not leaving Notes of the last Gauges at the Times of their taking such Charges Dot i gauges; the said Act, or any other Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. abc to thepc*

XXVII. And for the better preventing and discovering of all private Backs, Tuns, and other private nalt es. c and concealed Vessels or other Receptacles, and of all Drains, Pipes, or other Conveyances to or for the same, used by any Brewer, Distiller, or other Maker or Retailer of Fxcifeable Liquors, to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties payable by them or any of them respectively; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, that it shall and maybe lawful offices suspect to and for the Officer and Officers of Excise, or any of them, in their respective Divisions, in the Day; any private time, and in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer for the Peace (who are hereby respectively Back, Tun, C required to be aiding and assisting the rein) where they shall have a just Suspicion that any such private maybreak open Backs, Tuns or other Vessels aforesaid, are used by any such Brewers, Distillers or Makers aforesaid, on Request first made, and Cause declared, to break open the Door, or any Part of such brew house, diflil iing house, store house, ware house, or other Room in their respective Possessions, and to enter into the same, and also break up the Ground in any such brew house, distilling house, store house, ware house, or other Room, or the Ground near adjoining, in their respective Possessions, to search after such Back, Tun or other Vessel aforesaid, or any Pipe or other Conveyance leading thereto; and in case where they shall find any private Pipe or other Conveyance, to search after and follow the same; and in case the same shall lead into any Ground, House, Outhouse or Place, in the Possession of any other Person or Persons, on like Request, 'and with a Constable, to enter into the same, and break open the Ground, or any Part of the House or Houses, if Occasion shall be, to follow such private Pipe, in order to find out and discover such private Vol. III 4 L and

Door, fcc. and search.

626 C 30.

Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

Penalty on!?reiver, Scz. of poling Officer,

Verjuice to pay Duty as Cyder and Perry.

Fines, Penalties, C how to be recovered.

Inferior Officers of Excise, C to continue in their Offices, notwithstanding the Death or Removal of any of thecoramif iioners, See.

300l. for

nces of the; 's House

do I, forre* f the French

and concealed Back, Tun or other Vessel, into which such Pipe or other Conveyance shall lead, making good the Ground or House so broken up, or giving reasonable Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case any such Brewer, Distiller, or any other Person or Persons, shall oppose or hinder such Officer or Officers in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given or granted, every such Brewer, Distiller, or other Person so doing, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further declared, That all Persons who shall buy or make Verjuice for Sale, shall be chargeable with, and pay the lame Duties as in case of Cyder and Perry.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered and levied by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at ivcjim tnjier, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, or His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XXX. And whereas His Majesty's inferior Officers, whether they be Sub of, Collectors, ' Supervisors, Gaugers, or others employed in levying the Rates, Impositions and Duties upon Beer, Ale, ' and other Exciseable Liquors, and upon Salt, are by virtue of His Majesty's Commission appointed, authorized and constituted, by the Chief Commissioners and Governors of and for the Receipt of Excise

Rates and Duties upon Salt, or any five of them: And whereas if by the Death of any one of the said Chief Commissioners, who joined in the appointing, authorising and constituting any such inferior e Officer, or by the Alteration or other Determination of the Commission to the said Chief Commissioners, ' the Authority given to such inferior Officer or Officers should be determined, it would prove very preju

dicial to His Majesty, and render it impossible on such Occasions to collect and levy the said Rates and Duties justly and duly, as the same ought to be collected and levied For Prevention whereof, and of all Doubts and Questions which have been or may arise thereupon, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such inferior Officers, who are, have been, or shall be duly and legally authorised and constituted in Pursuance of any Commission under the Great Seal of England, since His Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown, or any such Commission which shall hereafter be granted to the Chief Commissioners and Governors of and for the Receipt of Excise, and Rates and Duties upon Salt, do and shall remain and continue in their respective Offices and Employments, notwithstanding the Death or Removal of any Chief Commissioner or Commissioners, by whom they were so authorised and constituted, or any Alteration, Change or other Determination of the Commission of such Chief Commissioners and Governors, until the Authority and Constitution of such inferior Officers respectively be, by the Chief Commissioners and Governors of and for the Receipt of the Excise, and Rates and Duties upon Salt for the time being, revoked or annulled.

XXXI. And to the end as well the whole Rates and Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction and Sweets hereby granted, as also the weekly Sum herein after mentioned to be taken and applied out of the Hereditary Branch of His Majesty's Revenues of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and out of that Part of His majsty's Revenues of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, which is granted to His Majesty during His Life (which God preserve) and likewise another weekly Sum herein after mentioned to be taken and applied out of His Majesty's Revenue arising within the General Letter Office or Poll Office, or the Office of His Majesty's Poll Master General, may be made Funds or Securities for raising any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole five hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds (that is to say) any Sum or Sums, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, for defraying the Expenses of His Majesty's Houshold and Family, and other His Majesty's necessary Occasions; and any Sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, for the Relief of the poor French Protestants; by borrowing Moneys upon the same Rates, Duties, or Branches respectively, in such Proportions, Manner and Form, as are herein after expressed: it further enabled, ce X P.

"King may borrow 70, 000]. on Credit of the Duties hereby granted. Money lent to be Tax free. Duties "to be paid weekly into the Exchequer, and entered apart. Penalty on Commissioners neglecting or misapplying the Moneys. Comptroller of Excise to keep a distinct Account of the Duties. On making such "Tallies to be llruck, and Orders for Repayment, with Interest every three Months. Orders af "and to be registered, and paid in Course. 6, 0001. a Week to be separated from the Branches of Excise, e. for Payment of Tallies and Interest; and after applied for Payment of co, ooool. borrowed "on this Act. Interest to be paid every three Months. Explained as to Tallies by 8 W. 3. C 3. §. 3. De "of weekly Payments to be made good ont of the whole Receipt. Tallies to be assignable, and "Moneys lent not to be taxed. Commissioners of Excise to keep a Register of Tallies, C to which all "Persons may have free Access without Fee. 6001. a Week to be paid out of the Poll Office for satisfy "Tallies; and after Satisfaction thereof, to be applied to the Payment of the Loans on this act. Tal "to be paid in Course, and Interest every three Months. This act not to hinder the Payment of "the yearly Sums granted to the Prince and Princess of Denmark: Nor the Annuity to the Duchess of "Cleveland, csv.

12 Geo. i, C zs.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That true Notes in Writing of every Gauge made or^3°' taken, signed by the Gaugers, containing the Inches and Tenths, of the Backs, and Wants of the Tuns,

and the Qualities of the said Liquors respectively, hall be left by them with all common Brewers of Beer Penalty on or Ale, or some one of their Servants (if demanded) at the Time of their taking the said Gauges, on Pain Gaugersneglect to forfeit for every neglect or Refusal the Sum of forty Shillings, with Costs of Suit, to be recovered in ing to leave any

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III C 31* 627

any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information) Notes of every wherein no Privilege or Wager of Law shall! be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XLVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed this present Sessions, intituled, An Act for reme ctzb,

' dying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That in regard the J, mall 30, '

*' Pieces of the New Moneys to be coined will he moll lifeful in Commerce, that from and after the fourth Day of 7 W. 3. C 1.

' 'February one thousand six hundred ninety fve, the Mafier and Worker of His Majestfs Mint for the time being 4'shal'/, upon every hundred Pound Weight Troy of Sterling Silver to be coined from the dipped Money, pursuant to the Direction of that Ad, from time to time cauft at leas forty Pounds Weight Troy to be coined into Shillings, and ten Pounds Weight Troy to be coined into Sixpences, besides the other Coins which he js to make out of the same, pursuant to the indenture of the a'/int; and that in case the Alafier and Worker of the Mint Jhdli omit so to do, he J, hall forfeit for every fetch Offence twenty Pounds, the one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, to be recovered by Adieu of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, whereih no Wager of Law, Protection, Privilege, Imparlance, or essoin, fall be allowed: And forasmuch as the Penalty for not making the several Species of Money in Quantity in the said Act directed, is wholly and only laid on the Master and Worker of the Mint, whole Part is only to deliver clean Silver Plates to the Corporation of Moncyers, from which the said Corporation are to make and mark the said Moneys, fof which they, by Indenture of the said Mint, are to have nine pence halfpenny per Pound Weight Troy for all such Silver made into Moneys, and one Penny per Pound Weight Troy more for the better and niord exact seeing and making the moneynow for the more speedy and effectual coining of the said Money into the several Species, 'pursuant to the said Act of Parliament, be it enacted, He.

EXP.

"Moneyers refusing to mark the Silver Plate and keep the said Mills at work, Master and Worker of the Mint may employ other Persons, He.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a national Gand Bank, and for taking off" the Duties upon Tunnage of Ships and upon Coals.

4 i;

WHEREAS by an Act made at the Parliament held in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of gw.

His present Majesty, and the late Queen Mary of Blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for grants m. C 7.

ing to their Majesies certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and.advantages; int the said fid mentioned, to such Persons as. fall, voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against Prance, it was, enacted, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety four, 'there should be'

throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed., raised, le vied, collected, and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, until the seventeenth Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and no longer, for Salt, the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned We Your majesty's most loyal and dutiful subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being sensible of the great and necessary Expense in which Your Majesty is engaged for carrying on the present War against the French King, and being desirous to supply the same in such Manner as may be least grievous to Your majesty's Subjects; for the Encouragement of such Persons who shall voluntarily contribute to the advancing and paying into Your majesty's Exchequer, towards carrying on the said War, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of five and twenty hundred and sixty four thousand Pounds, upon the respective Terms andrecorr.pences herein after mentioned, we Your majesty's said loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, have given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto Your Majesty, Your Heirs and successors, Kings and Queens of England, the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned. 1

II. And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ever, "as directej lame, That all and every the Rates and Duties upon Salt granted by the said recited Act, shall be raised, by 5'& 6 w. & levied, collected, answered, and paid unto Your Majesty, Your Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens MC 7 of England, for ever, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under 4 3- peo

such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in the said Act for raising, levying, collecting, answering, vi^dvor other and paying the same, for the Term granted in the said Act; and that the said recited Act, and every Ar uses by 5 Geo. tide, Rule, and Clause therein mentioned, as for and concerning the Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon 2. C 6. and con. - Salt, shall continue and he in full Force for ever, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the tinu(: d liy same were particularly recited, expressed, and enacted in the Body of this Act. " <fa°iu'rpref,

Jims concerning Salty9 & 10 JV. 3. r. 6. 10 6? 11 3. C 22. t Ann. fiat 1. C 21. 2 3 Ann. C 14. 4 Ann. C I2'. 5 Anne, 29. 6 Ann. C 12.9Anti,

C 23. 12 Ann. flat. 2* C 2. 5 Geo. X C 18. zgeo, ic i 31 Geo. 1. c. 30. 3 Geo. 2. ct 20. 5 c?w. 2. f. 6. 8 Gw, .2. f. 12. 14geo, 2. C 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3. & 32.

Commissioners of Excise to keep apart the Moneys arising by the Duties hereby granted, and pay the

EXP.

same weekly into the Exchequer. A distinct Book to be kept in the Exchequer, for entering the, said Mo "Penalty on Commissioners neglecting, or misapplying the Moneys. Weekly Sums to be a Fund for Loans. Salaries, He. to he. paid out of the Duties. Comptroller of the Excise to keep. Account of "the duties according to 5 & 6 W. & M.C. 7. 179, 4801. to be the yearly Fund, and paid as herein after

4 B z 44 directed.

628 G. 31. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

"directed. Subscriptions for 2, 564, 0001. Bank' of England excepted. Subscriptions of Land, The yearly "bum of 179, 480]. to be applied to the Use of the Subscribers. Commissioners of the Treasury to direct P. the Payment, and Officers of Exchequer to issue the Moneys without Fee. Contributors to be incorporated

by the Name of The Governor and Company of the National Land Bank. If the whole Sum be not < ' paid by 1 fan. 1696. Subscribers to receive only 71. percent, per Ann. After Incorporation, the said "

"Sum to be paid to the Bank, in Trull for Payment of Bills. Interests and Stocks to go to Executors; If the whole Sum, or one Moiety thereof, be not contributed in the Time limited, Corporation "to cease. A fourth Part to be paid down, or in default Subscription to be void. Residue to be paid before ' 1 fan. 1696. Person having Stock or Place in the Bank, to have no Interest or Place in this Corporation, "Penalty on the Corporation advancing Money on any other Fund than by Credit given by Parliament. "Corporation not to trade by themselves or others with the Stock: But may sell Goods of the Produce <£ of Lands purchased by them. Fines, &c. against the Corporation not to be pardoned. Yearly Sum not fe to Hand charged with more than the Moneys paid into the Exchequer. Money payable by this Act not "to be taxed. In a year's Notice after 1707, on Repayment of 2, 564, 000 1. and Arrears of the yearly Sum, >£ by Parliament, the Corporation to determine. Redemption of the Fund, &c. not to extend to Forfeiture of Lands, but be subject to all lawful Uses for which conveyed. Duties granted by 5 & 6 W. & M. C 20. further continued for live Years. 560, 000]. to be applied for paying the Remainder of 564, 700l. 6 ft 7 W, 3. "and Interest advanced on Security of the aforesaid Act, 140, 0001. for making good the Rates of Tun

CL nage of Ships. A like Sum for making good the Duties on Salt. Rules appointed by 1 W. & M. IT. 2.

C 1. to be in Force for distributing the Sums hereby appropriated. 500, ooh. to be lent at 3 k 10s. percent,

per Ann. to the Members of the Corporation, to be paid quarterly, or 4l. percent, payable half "Alignments of Lands to be entered in Books kept by the Corporation. Lands so entered may be "assigned. Governor, &c. taking Conveyance of Lands, &c. to charge the same by Bills in the Form "prescribed, and the Corporation liable to Action of Debt for the Money. Owners of Lands payirrg off "Moneys, and the Companies Bills not ready to be delivered, to cancel so many Bills charged on other Lands. A Transfer of the Bills Handing out, to be entered in the Counterpart, and to be endorsed on the ".' Bill, and entered. Penalty for charging Lands with more than the Sum lent. Bills under Seal of the "Corporation entitle the Bearers to an Action of Debt against them. Counterfeiting Seal or Bills, Felony.

Interest on Land Security not being paid in Time, Lands may be sold, detaining the Moneys due, and "Charges, and returning the Overplus. Owner to be foreclosed, except Infants. Member of Parliament "may be of the Corporation. Guardian may advance Money for Benefit of Infant. Trustees, &c. to taketh Oaths 1 W. MIT. 1. C 8. Corporation may transcribe Dockets, &c. paying the Fees. No "Member to be adjudged a Bankrupt in respect of his Stock therein, nor Stock liable to foreign At "

XLIII. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of 5 & 6 W. & M. ' His Majesty and the late Queen Mary of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to their Mac 7- ' jesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recom

' peaces and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten 1 hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on tbs War against France, it is provided and enabled, That there Should be raised, levied, collected, and paid to their Majesties, their Heirs, and Successors, until the southeast venteenth of May one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, for every Gallon of Salt and Rock Salt made at the saltworks, or taken out of any Pits within the Kingdom of England', Dominion of Wales, or 'Sown of Berwick upon Tweed, one Penny half pcny, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser quan vtity: And whereas some Dispute hath since arisen, whether Salt refined, or Salt made from Salt, either imported or made in England, and hath paid the Duties by the said at imposed, and is since melted down, either in Seawater or other Water, and made into Salt again, shall be charged with the Duty Sait made from of one Penny half penyfor the settling whereof, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority ^fincdsal't*"# that all Salt niade from Rock Salt (allowing the Drawback for the same, as in the said al

payonepen/° is mentioned) and all refined Salt, or Salt made from Salt, either imported or made in England, was and hal.ffpenyper is intended to be Charged and chargeable with the said Duty of one Penny halfpenny per Gallon; anything Gallon. in, the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

All Salt, except - '

XLIV. And whereas the Measures for making the tvinchefer Bufiiel at eight Gallons to the Bushel ap rock Salt, to be pointed by the said Act for measuring of Salt, for Payment of the said Duties, are various and unequal, a<6lb^to'he*1 4 aid ave provm inconvenient, not only to the Duties, but to the Makers and Traders in Salt in general: '

Rulhel. 4 For the Prevention whereof, and the Payment of the said Duties more equally, it is hereby declared and Hy9 & 10w.3. enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Salt at all saltworks and salt pits (Rock Salt excepted) shall C 6. §. 1, Salt is be ascertained as Jo the Payment of the said Duties, at the Rate of fifty six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, to h retauabac an(j n0 more; anything in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Altered h yia* XL

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Salt, whether brought II w. 3. C from Scotland by Land, and also all imported Salt, whether the same be of the Product or Manufacture of §. 2. this Kingdom, or of the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, brought in, landed, or

Sa t bright put on Shore, before due Entry made with the Officer appointed to receive the same, and Payment of du oi ^'imooru'd'^'d l'es ^7 the A imposed, shall be forfeited, one Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and bnlkd fcetore'1 the other Moiety thereof to him or them that shall or will seize, inform, or sue for the same; anything Duty piij to be in the said Act to the contrary 'in any wise notrvithllanding.

forfeitej.

XLVI. And for the better ascertaining the said Duties on Salt, according to the Bushel of fifty six

Sound's Weight herein before declared, 'in all Parts and Places where any salt work or salt pit is or shall be; > Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector or Officer, appointed to receive and \ v1 collect

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo 6c cavo G u LI elmi III. C 31. 629

collect! the said Duties, shall from and after the said seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety colk&ors at and six, provide at every such salt work or salt pit a sufficient Beam, Scale, and Weights, or Stilyard, a

and shall have Liberty to fix the same in some convenient Place in or about such salt work or salt pir, for £, r°]vr weight' the weighing all Salt that shall be delivered from such salt work or salt pit; and that one or more Per irg of Salt, tonne or Persons (as Occasion shall require] living on or near such salt work or salt pit, shall be admitted wci^hcrt to be and sworn to the due and true weighing all Salt from thence to be delivered, before one or more Justice or sworn, and paid justices of the Peace near adjoining (which Oath he or they are hereby empowered to administer] without bythscolfcaois. See or Reward; and such Weigher and Weighers shall be satisfied and paid for their Pains for weighing such Salt, by the said Collector or Officer for the said Duties; anything herein, or in the said former Act, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLVII. And whereas the Carriers of Salt do frequently load several Horses with Salt at one salt work,

' and at one Time for which they have had but one Warrant or Permit, and are often obliged, for conve nient Carriage of the said Salt to several Places, to separate the said Horses, and to drive them several Roads, by which Means same of the said Salt has been liable to Seizure: 'For Prevention therefore of Carriers of Salt such Inconveniences to the said Carriers, it is hereby enacted, and the said Officers are hereby strictly tojave f'ermits charged and required to deliver gratis, and without Delay, such and so many several Warrants or Permits to Loads a°sare" each Carrier of Salt, as he shall demand, for such several horse loads of Salt as he shall load at one Time, joajed ato"nc and at one salt work; anything heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding. Time.

XL

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rates Rates paid by j and Sums of Money directed to be paid by an act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of His & 6 w. & M. Majesty and the late Queen Mary, and herein first recited, for the several Sorts of Fish (except Conger] ' therein mentioned, to be exported, shall be allowed and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in Ported °toebe such Manner as by the said first recited Act is directed and appointed; anything herein to the contrary pad during this notwithstanding. Act.

XLIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons selling Salt (except' foreign Salt] Salt (except so made for Use, shall, from and after the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety and six, reign to be sold) fell the same after the Rate of fifty six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and not otherwise, and foin Pro Ylb> L tbte portion for a greater or lefl er Quantity; and that every Person offending therein shall for every such Offence otheavift? forfeit the Sum of five Pounds to the Informer, to be sued for and recovered in such Manner as other Penalty. Forfeitures by this Act are to be sued for and recovered. Explained by 9

L And to the end the yearly Fund, intended to be settled and payable by this Act for ever, subject northeast & W. j. c. 6. vertheless to the Proviso of Redemption aforesaid, may be the more certainly and effectually raised, and for the better Security and Encouragement of all and every such Person and Persons who shall subscribe and advance their Money for the Ends and Purposes before mentioned: We Your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, have given and granted, and do hereby give and grant to Your Majesty, Your Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of England, the further Impositions,

Rates, and Duties herein after specified.

LI. And be it further enacted lay the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Impositions, Rates, and Duties, upon Glass, or Glass Wares, Stone Bottles and Earthen Bottles, and every of them, granted by the abovementioned Act, intituled An act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares,

Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War againf France, shall be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid unto Your Majesty, Your Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of England, for ever, C

[The Sections between LI and LXXIV are omitted, because they relate wholly to Duties on Glass Wares, Stone Bottles, and Tobacco Pipes, which Duties are determined by9 & 10 W. 3. Cap. 45. and' by 10 & n W. 3. Cap. 18. and the rest of the Act, here omitted, is expired.]

"Clause of Loan on Orders registered, at 7i percent, or on Bills at 3d percent, per Diem for 2, 564,000l. w

"King to appoint how much of the said Sum shall be lent on Credit of Orders, or advanced on Bills. 7 '3' '3'

"Moneys lent to be taxed. Moneys to be paid in course, Interest every three Months. Penalty for undue

"Preference. Orders assignable. Bills payable on Demand with Interest at 3 d. percent, per Diem, to be

"satisfied out of the current Moneys in the Exchequer. Auditor to make Bills of Credit of 10, 20, 30,

"50, or iool. each. Counterpart to remain in Books. Bills to be delivered to the Tellers, and by them "to such who advance Moneys, and to pals in Payment. Tellers on Demand to pay Principal and In "without further Warrant. Penalty on 'Feller refusing so to do. Auditor and Tellers to keep "true Accounts, to which free Access shall be had. Bills paid off to be cancelled, and Accounts to be "discharged thereof. Old Bills to be issued again, or new ones made. Penalty on Offices issuing out " Bills for more than the Sum limited. Forging or counterfeiting Bills of Credit, Felony. Charge of making Bills, &c. to be defrayed out of Moneys lent. Cash to be reserved for circulating Rills. Bills "of Credit may be exchanged for a perpetual yearly Rent at 7 per Cetit. Interest payable out of the Salt "Duties, &c. every half Year. Orders to be signed for Payment without Fee. On Payment of Principal and Interest the yearly Rents and Payments to ceaseand determine. Subscribers intituled to the Fund of "179, 483 I. per Annum. Moneys subscribed towards a National Land Bank, &c. to be issued for paying off "Orders of Loan, Bills of Credit, and Annuities. Treasury to discharge the Orders, Bills, &c. as Mo "comes in On paying off the same. Duties and Fund totally discharged of such Orders, &c. Or "to remain afterwards in the Exchequer as Vouchers. Bills paid off ro be cancelled, if not issued "or renewed. Corporation to enjoy the yearly Fund. Subscribers may mortgage Lands for securing one fourth Part of their Subscription. Lands mortaged may at any Time be discharged. On "Judgement obtained against the Corportion for Debt charged on the Fund, Officers of Exchequer may pay 4 " the

630 C 32.

Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

3

C JO.

C z. & CC

the Money. National Land Bank may discharge the Fund from Tallies, Bills, isfc. Corporation not to lend Money at Interest, unless to the King or His Subjects. If Duties not i'ufficient to satisfy the yearly Payments, Treasury may make the same good out of the Moneys unappropriated. 140,000l. for making good the Duties of Tunnage. ioo, ooool. to be paid weekly to the Governor and Company. 40, 000 1. to the Purchasers of Annuities by Quarterly Payments. 1, 816, 9721. appropriated for the Service of the Navy, and the Remainder to the Land Forces. The Sums hereby appropriated', to be distributed according to the Act L W, & M. ft. z. C 1."

Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London, and Justices ac their General Sessions, to settle the Price of Salt

Penalty for selling at a higher Rate.

Distress for Nonpayment,

This Act not to acts it judgments ?n wt stminster Hallj C

XCII. And for the preventing of Exactions upon Sale of Salt into the Kingdom, and to have the Rates and Prices thereof ascertained; Be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London shall and may, and are hereby required, in the Court of Aldermen within the City of London, upon or before the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and six, to set, ascertain and publish, in Writing, certain reasonable Rates and Prices upon all Salt to be sold, or exposed to Sale, after the Paid first Day of May, in the City of London and Precincts thereof, and the Bills of Mortality; and that the respective Justices of Peace for the respective Counties, Cities, and places, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall and may, and are hereby required, upon or before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, at the several and respective General Sessions of the Peace for the said several and respective Counties, Cities, and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace, set, ascertain, and duly publish in Writing, certain reasonable Rates and Prices upon all Salt to be sold or exposed to Sale, after the said first Day of August, within the said several and respective Counties, Cities, and placesfavherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace; and that the Lord Mayor of London, and the said Court of Aldermen, in the Court of Aldermen, and that the said respective Justices of the Peace, of the several and respective Counties, Cities, and Places aforesaid, as aforesaid, at the several and respective General Sessions of the Peace for the said several and respective Counties, Cities, and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, and are hereby required from time to time (if necessary) at the several and respective General Sessions of the Peace for the said several and respective Counties, Cities, and Places, from and after the said first Day of August, by Writing duly made and published, alter and correct the Rates and Prices of all Salt to be sold and exposed to Sale in the said several and respective Places; which Rates and Prices which shall be so set, ascertained, altered, and corrected, are hereby enacted' and required to be observed, accepted, received, and taken by all and every Person and Persons selling or exposing to Sale any Salt within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And if any Person or Persons shall sell any Salt at apy higher Price or Rate, or refuse to sell any Salt at the Prices and Rates aforesaid, such Person and Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied - out of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Distress and Sale thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Place or Places wherein such Offence shall be committed, or Distress shall be to be made; and in Default of sufficient Distress for the same, it shall and may be lawful by Warrant under Hand and Seal from the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or from any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to imprison the said Offender or Offenders, until such Offender or Offenders shall pay the said Sum of five Pounds; one Moiety of which Sum of five Pounds is hereby enacted to be paid to the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid to such Person or Persons as shall inform and prosecute for the same, before the said Lord Mayor of London, or the said respective Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken or construed to the Prejudice of any Judgement given in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or any Suit now depending the re, in Relation to the melting or refining of Salt.

3 Geo. 2. c. 23.

13 Edi. C 38.: i Ed. 1 flat. i. If Plaintiff sue forth a Ven' fac' C in order to Trial, and proceed not, the Issue may be tried at any other Assize.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries.

WHEREAS for Trials of Causes upon Writs of Nift prhis, and other Cnules at Assizes, th'e Sheriffs do return a competent Number of Jurors lor such Services; but it often happens, that many of the Causes, which are brought down for Trial, do not go on to be tried at the first Assizes, but are brought down again to be tried at some other subsequent Assizes, whereby the Jurors returned to try such are compelled to attend at several Assizes for Trial of one and the same Cause, to their very great Expense and Trouble; and forasmuch as by Partiality and Favour of Sheriffs, the Corruption of Of ' ficers, and many other evil Practises, the Service of Jurors has been found to be very burdensome and grievousfor Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time hereafter any Plaintiff or Demandant, in any Cause depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, which shall be at Issue, shall sue forth, or bring to any Sheriff, any Writ of Venire facias, upon which any Writ of Habeas Corpora, or Distringas, with a Nift jrius, shall issue, in order to the Trial of such Issue at the Assizes, and that such Plaintiff or Demandant mail not proceed to the Trial of the said Issue at the said first Assizes after the Tejle of every such Writ of Habeas Corpora, or Distringas, with a Nift prius, that then and in all such Cases (other than where Views by Jurors shall be directed) the Plaintiff or Demandant, whensoever he shall think fit to try

3*the

the said Issue at any other Assizes, shall sue forth and prosecute a new Writ of Venire facias directed to the Sheriff in this Form

' Quod de novo venire facias coram, &c. duodecim liberos & legales homines de vicineto de A. quorum Form nftlic quilibet habeat decern librat' terrre tenementor' vcl reddituum per annum ad minus, per quos, &c. Writ.

' Ft qui nec, &c.'

And the p.cfidue of the said Writ shall be after the ancient Manner; which Writ being duly returned dcfwvhmttning and filed, a Writ of Habeas Corpora, or Diflringas, with a Nisi prius, shall issue thereupon (for which the any iniicjoinot ancient and accustomed Fees shall be taken, and no more, as in the Case of the Pluries habeas Csrpora, or di/lringas, with a Nisi prius) upon which the Plaintiff or Demandant shall and may proceed to Trial, as if no former Writ of Venire facias had been prosecuted or filed in that Cause, and so toties quoties as the cutc, he ff) by fe shall require: And if any Defendant or Tenant, in any Action depending in any of the said Courts, h, b'corp or shall be minded to bring to Trial any Issue joined against him, when by the Course in any of the said distrir.ga, Courts he may lawfully do the same by Proviso, such Defendant or Tenant shall or may, of the issuable Term next preceding such intended Trial, to be had at the next Assizes, sue out a new Venire facias to the Sheriff, in Form aforesaid, by Proviso, and prosecute the same by Writ of Habeas Corpora, or di/lringas, with a Nisi prius, as though there had not been any former Venire facias sued out or returned in that Cause, and so toties quoties as the Matter shall require.

II. And be it also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Writ of Venire facias, and Writs of Ven' every Writ of Habeas Corpora, or Distringas, with a nijiprius, sued out and prosecuted, according to the ^c'*"; with a Purport and Direction of this Act, and all Trials, Entries, and Proceedings thereupon, shall be good and fuedsotandpro warrantable by Law, and not be erroneous, or be assigned or assignable for Error; any former Law or Usage touted, to be to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. good in Law.

III. And forasmuch as very frequently unfit Persons are named by Sheriffs or their Under Sheriffs to Gn Wr. f ' serve as Jurors upon the Tales, where a Tales may be prayed or demanded, by Virtue of the Statute in hab corp' C

1 that Cale provided: ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Writ of Habeas on Default of a Corpora, or Dislringas, with a Nisi prius, where a full Jury shall not appear before the Justices of Assize or sufficient Num nift prius, or else after Appearance, where by Challenge of either of the Parties the Jury is like to remain by of jurors, untaken for Default of Jurors, the Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers, to whom it shall appertain to turned return the tales men, shall, upon the awarding the Tales, at the Command of such Justice or Judge ofcig. '35 Assize, return Freeholders or Copyholders of the County where the Cause is to be tried, who shall be returned upon some other Panel to serve at the same Assizes, and shall be then attending the Court where such Trial is to be had, to serve upon such Tales, and not any others, if so many out of the other Panels be present in Court, or can there be found; and that either of the Parties, Plaintiff or Defendant, Deman Plaintiff orde dant or Tenant, shall and may have his Challenge to the Jurors so named, added, and annexed to the said former Panel, by the Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers aforesaid, in such wise, as if they had been tot sas if' impanelled upon the Venire facias awarded to try the Issue; and that the said Justices and Judge of Assize impanelled on shall and may proceed to the Trial of every such Issue, with those Persons who were before impanelled the Ven' fac' and returned, with these tales men so newly added and annexed to the said former Panel by virtue of this jujge majr pr Act, in such case as he or they might and ought to have done, if all the said Jurors returned upon the Writ coed to Trial, of Venire facias awarded to try the said Issue had appeared to try the same; and that all and every such Trial had, after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety six, shall he good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever: And in case any such Freeholder, C Freeholder, or Copyholder, as the said Sheriff, or Minister or Ministers shall return upon the Tales, as not appearing, is aforesaid, being present at such Return made, shall be called, and not appear, or after his or their Ap tobeiined. pearance, shall wilfully withdraw himself from the said Service, then in such Case the Justices or Judge of Assize, who shall award such Tales, shall and may feta Fine upon every such Person making Default, or wilfully withdrawing himself.

IV. And that all Sheriffs of Counties may be the better informed of Persons qualified, who are to be Conffaldes, e. returned for Trials of Issues joined in the Courts of Chancery, Kims Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, t0sive ln altor to serve upon Juries at Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Constables, Tythingmen, and ^hthcirpiaces Headboroughs of Towns in each Courtty, or their Deputies, or some or one of them, shall yearly, at the of Abode, and General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for each County, Riding, or Division, or any Part Titles, thereof, in the Week after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, upon the hrft Day of the said Sessions, Duplicate to be or upon the first Day that the said Session shall be held, by Adjournment at any other particular Division or sheriff's and en Place, return and give a true List in Writing of the Names and Places of Abode of all Persons within the tred by the Clerk respective Places, for which they serve, qualified to serve upon such Juries, with their Titles and addi of the Peace, tions, between the Age of one and twenty Years and the Age of seventy Years, to the Justices of the Peace No sh riff to, in open Court; which said Justices, or any two of them, at the said Sessions, in the respective Counties, 1171panc| Person Ridings, or Divisions, shall cause to be delivered a Duplicate of the aforesaid returned List, by the Clerks jp^lins '*of the Peace of every County or Riding, to the Sheriffs or their Deputies, on or before the first Day of penalty on Con january next following, and cause the said Lists to be fairly entered into a Book, by the Clerk of the tables neglect peace, to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose amongst the Records of the said Court of Sef ins fions; and no Sheriff shall impanel or return any Person or Persons to try any of the Issues joined in any exp !ainde? angd, of the said Courts, or to be or serve in any Jury at the Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol jut

Delivery, or Sessions of the Peace, that shall not be named or mentioned in the said List; and any Con Farther p/ovlfi stable, Tythingman, or Headborough, sailing at any Time to make the Return aforesaid, shall forfeit onsrelatinghere

and t 3*4 Ansar, C i8. $. 5.

632 C 32.

Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

Constables fub and incur the Penalty of five Pounds to His Majesty and Successors, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Inscribing

such formation.

Lists in the Presence

of one Justice, cis suffic ent by 3 Geo. 2. c. 25. §. 6.

Summons to be C V And that the Summons of Persons qualified for the Services aforesaid may not be so uncertain, as maje by the hath been practised by Officers therein, to the great Injury and Grievance of Persons liable to the afore laid Services; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Summons of any Person W the turorls qualified to any of the aforesaid Services shall be made by the Sheriff, his Officer or lawful Deputy, six to u rve.j Days before at the least, hewing to every Person so summoned the Warrant under the Seal of the Office In calc of Ab wherein they aie nominated and appointed to serve; in case any Juror so to be summoned, be absent fence. Notice to from the usual Place of his Habitation at the Time of such Summons, in such Case Notice of such Summons shall be given by leaving a Note in Wriling, under the Hand of such Officer, containing the Contents thereof, at the dwelling house of such Juror, with some Person there inhabiting in the same.

VI. And to the end that Sheriffs may not incur any Penalty, to fufter any Damage, by summoning or returning any Person named in the Lists or Books of Jurors transmitted to them from the respective quarter sessions as aforesaid, for not having such Estates as qualify such Persons to be Jurors; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Return to the said Justices shall be a good Excuse and Bar in Law for the said Sheriff, for such Summons and Returns; and if any Action or Information shall be brought or prosecuted against any Sheriff for such Return, the said Sheriff may plead the General Issue, and give this Geneririffue in at in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or if a Verdict be given for the case of Action Defendant, or a Noli prosequi be entered in any Information, or a Verdict pnfs for the Defendant thereupon, brought. the Plaintiff or Informer shall pay treble Costs, to be awarded by the Court, in which such Action or in ihe Defendant forrnat>on was prosecuted, and levied by usual Process: if the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Penahfon She Bailiff or Bailiffs, shall summon and return any Freeholder or Copyholder, to any of the aforesaid Services,

he left under the officer's Hand.

Return to the Justices a good Excuse for the Sheriff $ who may plead the

riff neglecting, or making undue Return.

None to be a Juryman in Yorkshire above once in Years, City of York and Kingston upon Hull excepted

otherwise than as aforesaid, or in any Ways neglect his or their Duty or Duties in the Service or Services of them required respectively by this Act, or excuse any Person or Persons for Favour or Reward, or allow of any Writ of Non ponendis in aj/izis & jurat!s, or other Writ, to excuse or exempt any Person or Persons from the Service of any Jury or Juries, under the Age of seventy Years; such Sheriff, Deputy or Bailiff shall, for every Transgression committed against this at, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by such Party or Parties grieved or injured, or whom else shall sue for the same, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

VII. And whereas the County of York (being a very large County) hath many Persons therein quali fied to serve upon Juries at Assizes, General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace; yet by the Cor 1 ruption of Sheriffs, and their Under Officers, the Burden of that Service is forced upon a very few, to their Oppression and grievancebe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person shall be re. -, or summoned to serve upon any Jury at the Assizes, or General Gaol Delivery, to be held for the

Ann, nc. j4.10 Ia'cl County of York, or at any Sessions of the Peace to be held for any Part thereof (the City of York, §. 5. as to Sef and County of the said City, and Town and County of kir.gjion upon Hull excepted) above once in four Hons of the Years: And to the end it may appear what Persons nave been summoned, and have served as Jurors at any Peace in York former Assize or Gaol Delivery to be held for the said County of York, or at any Sessions of the Peace Sheriff of York en fr any Bart of the said County of York, every Sheriff of the said County for the time being shall to reafter the' prepare and keep a Book or Register, wherein the Names of all such Persons who have served as Jurors, Mamesofall with their Additions and Places of Abode, and the Times and Places of such their Services, shall be al whoserveon ju phabetically entered and registered, which Books and Registers Dial 1 from time to time be delivered over to the succeeding Sheriff of the said County, within ten Days after he shall be ftvorn into his Office; and Turor at the End evelt Juror who stall be summoned, and shall serve at any the said Assizes, General Gaol Delivery, or of every Assize Sessions aforesaid, shall and may, at the End of every such Assize and General Gaol Delivery, or Sessions may have his aforesaid, repair to the Sheriff, or Under Sheriff" of the said County for the time being, to have his and Name entered, their Names entered in the said Book or Register kept for the Purpose aforesaid, of which he shall have a and a Certificate Certificate upon his immediate Request gratis, from the Sheriff", or Under Sheriff for the time being, testi byjsannie, firing such h's Attendance and Service done.

£, L 3. Sheriff not keeping a Resifter forfeits iool.

VIII. And whereas two several Panels of Jurors have been usually returned to serve on the Grand In ' ques; that many more Panels have been sometimes returned for Trials in Civil Causes, at the Assizes held for the said County of York; which was found to be more than necessary, and burdensome to the Persons there qualified for the said Service; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth any one Panel confiding of forty-eight Freeholders and Copyholders, and no more (each Person having fourfeore Pounds Land per Annum) shall be returned to serve on the Grand Inquest, and no more than ten Panels, confiding of twenty-four Jurors in each Pane!, hall be returned to serve upon Trials in Civil Causes, at any Assizes to be held for the said County of York (except only where special Juries are diretfted to be returned by Rule of Court) and that at no one Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said County, or within any of the Ridings within the same, or in any Place where such Sessions of the Peace shall be held by Adjournment, or otherwise, within the same County, shall be returned above the Number of forty Persons, to serve either upon the Grand Inquest, or other Service there; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster serve in all Juries in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Picas, and Exchequer, and likewise at the Sessions of the Peace which 4 (by virtue of His Majesty's Commission) is quarterly held for the said City and Liberty; 'Be it further

en aided

One Panel of 48 Freeholders, C Ten Panels of 24 Jurors, C Not above 40 Persons to be returned on the Grand Inquest at the Quarter sessions for the County of York.

Inhabitants of Westminster ex wpted from fera.

D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III C 33, 34.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth the said Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster shall be, and are hereby exempted from serving in any Jury at the Sessions, before the Jo dices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex.

X. And whereas by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, artel explaining several Laws therein mentioned, ' which are expired and near expiring, amongst: other Things, there were several good Clauses and Provi'"'"' - the

' thereof as did relate to the returning of Jurors, was to be in Force for the Space of three Years, from the full Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety three, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, which by Experience hath been found beneficial and useful Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, as to so much thereof as doth relate to the returning of Jurors, shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force, together with this Act, for the Space of seven Years, from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or the said Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to give or require any longer Time for the summoning of any Julies that are to try any Blues joined in any of the said Courts, that are triable by Jurors of the City of London, or County of Middlesex, than was by Law required before the making of the said Act:; nor shall extend or be construed to give any longer Time, or other Day, for the Return of any Writ, Precept, or Precefs of Venire facias, Habeas Corpora, or Dtjlringas, for the summoning, attaching, or distreining of any Jury to appear, than was by Law required before the making the said Act; but that where there shall not be six Days between the awarding of such Writ, Precept, or Process, and Return thereof, every Juror may be summoned, attached, or distrcined to appear, at the Day and Time therein mentioned or appointed, as he might have been before the making of the said Act; anything herein or therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the City of London, nor to any other County of any City or Town within this Realm, nor to any Town Corporate that have Power by Charter to hold Sessions of Gaol Delivery, or Sessions of the Peace for such Town.

633

ving on Jwri« for the Courry of Middlesex.

4 k 5 W. & M. C r.

Made perpetual by 1 Geo. 2. C z j. and 6 Geo. 2. c. 37.

3$ to nc returning able Jurors continued for 7 Tear.

Neither of the Acts to give longer Time for summoning Juries. than by Law lequired, nor for Return of Writs, Sic, Juror to appear at the Time appointed, Sc C

This A not to extend to London, Sec,

See 4. Geo. 2. c. 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. 24 Geo. 2. c. 18. and 29 Geo. 2. c. 19.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade.

' \\ WHEREAS by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of His Majesty king4&5w M. 6 William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the regaining, encouraging, and fettling C 17

' the Greenland Trade, it is thereby (amongst other Things) enacted, That a John Stock of forty thousand Pounds, at least, should he raised by Subscriptions by the several Persons in the said Act: named, and should be paid at tuch Times, and in such Manner, as mould be directed and appointed by the Governor or Deputy Governors, and Court of Committees of the Compariy by the said Act established for the time being, so as the whole Sum to be subscribed be paid within four Years; and that the said Company should pay no further or other Custom for the Oil, Blubber or Sins, caught and imported in their Ships or vessels, than if they had been navigated with three fourths of the Mariners Englif: And whereas the several Persons in the said Act named did subscribe to the said Joint Stock the Sum of eighty-two thousand Pounds, but by Reason of the present War with France, and the Scarcity of Seamen, the said Company cannot at present employ all the said Money subscribed to the said Joint Stock in the said Trade: And whereas some Doubt or Scruple hath been made, whether the Oil, Blubber and Sins, taken and imported in and by the Ships of the said Company, ought not to pay some Duty or Custom to His Farther E, Majesty May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, Me. ragementst, the

Greenland 7/ adct

"Remainder of the Joint Stock to be paid as the Governor, Me. shall appoint. The whole to be paid IO & tifr. 3. "before 23 March 1703. Company not to pay Custom for Oil, Me. imported into England." 1' //l', 'i'

t. 16. 10 Geo. X C 16. 12 Geo. I. C z6. feet. 7. 5 Geo. 2. c. 2s. 6 Geo. 2. c. 33. 13 Geo. 2. c. 28. fcsi. 5. 22 Geo. 2. c. 45. 28 Geo. 2. C C

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act that the fulemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

WHEREAS diverse difl enters, commonly called Quakers, refusing to take an Oath in Courts of Vy Justice and other Places, are frequently imprisoned, and their Estates sequestered, by Process of 13 & 14 Car. 1, ' Contempt Bluing out of such Courts, to the Ruin of them (elves and Families For Remedy thereof be cf' V 0 it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spl m. c.i*. ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the quakersihfteau same. That from and after the fourth Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand n °2,; i ( six hundred ninety six, every Quaker within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town' of Berwick upon Tweed, who shall be required upon any lawful Occasion to take an Oath, in any Case where 6 "

Pol. lil. 4 M L V

634 C 35-

Anno septimo 6c octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

Carthew 448.

by Law an Oath is required, shall, instead of the usual Form, Affirmation or Declaration in t'nefe Words following, viz.

be permitted to make his or her Solemn

8 Geo. 1. c. 6. 'I A.B. do declare, in the Prefchce of Almighty God, the Witness of the Truth of what I say.'

v.'bich is to be of the same Force in Law as an Oath.

Penalty on false Affirmation.

If Quakers re fufo to pay Tithes, e.

II. Which said solemn Affirmation or Declaration shall be adjudged and taken, and is hereby enacted and declared to be, of the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, in all Courts of Justice and other Places where by Law an Oath is required within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, as if such Quaker had taken an Oath in the usual Form.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Quaker, making such solemn Affirmation or Declaration, shall be lawfully convicted, wilfully, falsely, and corruptly to have affirmed or declared any Matter or Thing, which, if the same had been in the usual Form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury; every such Quaker so offending shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are enacted against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And whereas, by reason of a pretended Scruple of Confidence, Quakers do refuse to pay Tithes and Church rates be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Quaker shall refuse to

Justices on fta Pay or compound for his great or small Tithes, or to pay any Church Rates, it shall and may be lawful to tingwhausduej and fr the two next Justices of Peace of the same County (other than such Justice of the Peace as is Pa

may compel tron of the Church or Chapel, whence the said Tithes do or shall arise, or any ways interested in the said them thereto, if Tithes) upon the Complaint of any Parson, Vicar, Farmer, or Proprietor of Tithes, Churchwarden or the Sum be un Churchwardens, who ought to have, receive, or collect! the same, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to convene before them such Quaker or Quakers neglecting or refusing to pay or compound for the same, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer) or in such Manner as by this Act is provided, the Truth and Justice of the said Complaint, and to ascertain and state what is due and payable by such Quaker or Quakers to the Party or Parties complaining, and by Order under their Hands and Seals to direct and appoint the Payment thereof, so as the Sum ordered, as aforesaid, do not exceed ten Pounds; and upon Refusal by such Quaker or Quakers to pay according to such Order, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the said Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the Money thereby ordered to be paid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, his Executors or Administrators, rendering only the Overplus to him, her, or them, necessary Charges of Persons ajgrity distraining being the reout first deducted and allowed by the said Justice; any Person finding him, her,

the^u rfptal to or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement given by such two Justices of the Peace, shall and may appeal to Seffiofi" 'who t^le next General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate; are finally to dc and the Justices of the Peace there present, or the major Part of them, shall proceed finally to hear and termine. determine the Matter, and to reverse the said Judgement, if they shall feecause; and if the Justices then if judgement he present, or the major Part of them, shall find cause to continue the Judgement given by the first two Juf C ve Costs' to t'ces t^le Peace they shall then decree the same by Order of Sessions, and shall also proceed to give such Costs against the Appellant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Ap no Judgement to pellant, as to them shall, just and reasonable; no Proceedings or Judgement had or to be had by Certiorari by v'rtue f this Act shall be removed or superseded by any Writ of Certiorari or other Writ out of His ma jessy's Courts at Westminster, or any other Court whatsoever, unless the Title of such Tithes shall be in Question.

No Distress till T. Provided always, That in case any such Appeal be made as aforesaid, no Warrant of Distress shall Appeal be deter be granted until after such Appeal be determined.

shred VI Provided, and be it enacted, That no Quaker or reputed Quaker shall by virtue of this Act be qualified

or permitted to give Evidence in any criminal Causes, or serve on any Juries, or bear any Office or Place of Profit in the Government; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Quakers not to be Evidence in criminal Causes,

See.

This AO: was made perpetual by 1 Geo. i.

au a. C 6. bat is altered by i Geo.

VII. Provided, That this Act shall continue in Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

fiat. 2. C 13. §4. and 8 Geo. i, C 6. Farther Provisions concerning gjuakers, 12 Geo. 2. c. 13. 22 Geo. 2. ^46,

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the enforcing the Laws which restrain Marriages without Licence or Banns, and for the better regillring Marriages, Births, and Burials.

j;

ill

hi

5 St 6 W, & M.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty Kinjr winmam, and the late Queen Mary of Blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for

6 &7 W. §. 51.

granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for four Tears, towards car vying on the War against France, it is amongst other Things enacted, That a Duty or Imposition of five Shillings shall be rated, levied, collected and paid, for every Piece of Paper or Parchment, upon which any Licence or Certificate of Marriage should be written or ingrafted: And whereas by a Clause in another Act of Parliament made in the sixth and seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act

'upon Batche

' for granting; to His Majesty certain Plates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and up

lors and Widowers, for the Term of five Tears, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, it is amongst other Things enacted and provided, That no Person shall be married at any Place pretended to be exempted from the Visitation of the Bishop of the Diocese, without a Licence first had and obtained,

except the Banns shall be published and certified according to Law; and that every Parson, Vicar, and

£ Curate,

'C(

D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo G u L ie lm i III

C

35-

Curate, who hir.ll marry any Persons contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Which Clause was so enacted and provided for the better ascertaining, levying, and collecting the aforesaid Duty of five Shillings upon every Licence or Certificate of Marriage, but by Experience is found ineffectual for the same, in regard the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds is not extended to every Offence of the same Parson, Vicar, or Curate, so offending as aforesaid: And whereas the Force and Intent of the said Clause is otherwise eluded and made of none Effect, by several Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, who, to avoid the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, do substitute and employ, and knowingly and wittingly suffer and permit, diverse other Ministers to tnarry great Numbers of Persons in their respective Churches and Chapels, without Publication of Banns, or Licences of Marriage first had and obtained; many of which Ministers so substituted, employed, permitted, and suffered to marry, as aforesaid, have no Benefices or settled Habitations, and are poor and indigent, and cannot easily be discovered and convicted of the Offences aforesaid: whereas diverse Ministers, being in Prison for Debt and otherwise, do marry in the said Prisons, many Persons resorting thither for the Purposes aforesaid, and in other Places for Lucre and Gain to themselves; all which Means the Duties and Impositions upon Licences of Marriage, as aforesaid, are greatly diminished and substradled, and many other great Inconveniences do arise For the remedying and preventing whereof,

II. Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hun Penalty on rir ired ninety and six, every Parson, Vicar, or Curate, who shall marry any Persons in any Church or Cha fens maro ins el, exempt or not exempt, or in any other Place whatever, without Publication of the Banns of Matri ^lice'.fe5 nony between the respective Persons according to Law, or without Licences for the said Marriages first or lce', ce' lad and obtained, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And for the more effectnal preventing the Abuses aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority

lforesaid, That every Parson, Vicar, or Curate, who shall substitute or employ, or knowingly and wit and for permit: shall suffer and permit, any other Minister to marry any Persons in any Church or Chapel to such ting aether; io to: arson, Vicar, or Curate belonging or appertaining, without Publication of Banns or Licences of mar age first had and obtained, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; the afore

aid respective Forfeitures to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His

majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Wager, or Protection of Law, or any more than one im >arlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

IV. And for the better ascertaining, levying, and collecting, the said Duties on Marriages and Licences, Penalty no those

is aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth married without

Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and six, every Man so married licence, or

without Licence or Publication of Banns, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to borenns5 Covered, together with Costs of Suit, in Manner as aforesaid, by any Person who shall inform dr sue for andonpaiifh the same; and likewise that every Sexton, or Parish Clerk, or other Person acting as Sexton or Parish clerks affixing Clerk, who shall knowingly and wittingly aid, promote, and aitift, at such Marriages so celebrated without at such Mar" m, Banns or Licences, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit qcoa 2-

in Manner as aforesaid by any Person who shall inform or sue for the same. C 33. for making

V. And whereas diverse Children who are born within this Kingdom are not christned according to dandefihe Mir ' the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, and many are christned in private Houses, nor are r: alci the Parents of such Children obliged by the aforesaid Act to give Notice to their respective Ministers, of the Births of such Children; for want whereof an exact Register of all Persons born is not kept, and many Persons chargeable with the Duties in the said Act mentioned do thereby escape the Payment of 1 the several Sums due to His Majesty, and charged upon them by the said Act, by reason of the Births of such childrenfor Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the penalty on pa four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year one thousand six hundred ninety and six, the rents not givins Parents of every Child, which shall at any Time be. born after the said Day and Year and during the Notice in s djj' Continuance of the said Acts, or one of them, shall within five Days after such Birth give Notice to the^child respective Rector, Vicar, Curate, or Clerk of the Parish or Place where such Child was born, of the Day 0 a of the Birth of every such Child: And in case any Parent shall neglect to give such Notice as aforesaid, he or Hie shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer; the which said Rector, Vicar, Curate, or Clerk of the Parish, or their Subili Distinct regi tutes, are hereby required, during the Continuance of the said Act, to take an exact and true Account, ftps to be kept and keep a distinct Register of all and every Person or Persons so born in his or their respective Parishes or f children not Precincts, and not christned; for doing which the Parents of such Child, or one of them, shall pay to every i^'en'tsto such Parson, Rector, Vicar, Curate, or Clerk of tyre Parish, the Sum of Sixpence; and if any i'uch Rec L forregn for. Vicar, Curate, Parson, or Minister, shall refuse or neglect to keep a true Register thereof, as before tiring, is directed, such Parson or other Minister, so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, to be re l'enai yon par covered by such Persons, and in such Manner, as in the said recited Act the Forfeitures therein mentioned Jj "p!ne

are appointed to be recovered; anything in the said Law contained to the contrary notwithstanding. uc ivcgl"£r'

"Commissioners to administer Oaths to the Collectors. Parsons to produce tvyice a Year, to the Come X P.

"missioner, such Licences, Certificates, and Registers. 4 Anns, C 12. §. 10. indemnifies Omissions in "this Case. parsons to give Notice, within ten Days, of Persons buried in their Parishes;

CAP.

C 36- — 38.

Anno septimo & octavo Guglielmi III A.D. 1696.

*0 Car. 2. C 5. 1 Jac. 2, C 13.

1 w. & m.nr. j. C 23* for ex porting Leather, continued for 7 Years.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned.

' ttfzhereas diverse temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found useful and beneficial, ' are near expiring Therefore, for continuing the same, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned and dre[fed, which Abl was revived by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James; which Acts were revived and continued by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving two former Acts for exporting of Leather, for the Space of seven Years, from the End of that Sessions of Parliament, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next ensuing, shall be, and are hereby continued, and shall be in Force, during the Space of seven Years, from the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next ensuing, and no longer.

EXP.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, which Act was revived and continued by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, from the first Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, for the Space of seven Years and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, shall be and are by virtue of this Act continued, and shall be in Force, and be made perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Dfcovery of fudgments in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Westminster, which Act was continued by an Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of the said King, and late Queen, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned for one y'ear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and are by virtue of this Act continued, and shall be in Force, and be made perpetual.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fourth and fifth 5 W. & M. Years of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for regulating Profs regu ccedings in the Crown Office of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, which was to continue and be in

Force for three Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force, and be made perpetual.

16 & 17 Car. 2.

C 2.

2 W. r M. ft at. 2. C 7. for regulating the Measures and Prices of Ccal?, made perpetual. 4 & 5 V Ss M.

C 20.

6 & 7 W, Sc M. C 14. for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's Bench, Sec. made perpetual.

g proceed in the in Office,

'perpetual.

9 Geo. 2. c. 36.

9 //, 3. C 36.

The King may grant Licences to alien, or purchase in Mortmain.

Lands so aliened not subject to Forfeiture.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions.

WHEREAS it would be a great Hindrance to Learning, and other good and charitable Works, if ' Persons well inclined may not be permitted to found Colleges or Schools for Encouragement of Learning, or to augment the Revenues of Colleges or Schools already founded, by granting Lands, Te ' nements, Rents or other Hereditaments to such Colleges or Schools, or to grant Lands or other Hereditaments to other Bodies Politic or incorporated now in being, or hereafter to be incorporated, for I other good and public Uses; 'it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King, our most Gracious Sovereign Lord, and for His Heirs and Successors, when and as often, and in such Cases as His Majesty, His Heirs cr Successors shall think fit, to grant to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Licence to alien in Mortmain, and also to purchase, acquire, take, and hold in Mortmain, in Perpetuity or otherwise, any Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments whatsoever, of whomsoever the same shall be held.

II. And it is hereby declared, That Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments, so aliened, or acquired and licensed, shall not be subject to any Forfeiture, for or by Reason of such Alienation or acquisition.

See9 Geo. 2. c. 36. retraining Gifts in Mortmain by Will.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to take away the custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their Personal Estates by their Wills.

Stai. Watties,

WHEREAS in several Counties and Places within the Principality of Wales, and Marches

Ed. 1. thereof, the Widows and younger Children of Persons dying Inhabitants therein, have often

27^8^-oi6. < claimed, and pretended to be intituled to a Part of the Goods and Chattels of their late Husbands or Fa

r+26 3s, is 6 ' thers, called her and their reasonable Part, by Virtue or Colour of a Custom or other Usage within the

637

A.D. 1696. Anno septimo & octavo Gulielm 1 III C 39.

said Principality and Marches thereof, notwithstanding any Disposition of the same by their Husbands and

Fathers last Wills and Testaments, or by Deed in their live's Time, and notwithstanding a competent Jointure, according to the Agreement made for the Livelihood of the said Widows by their Ilufbands, C which have often occnfioned great Troubles, Disputes, and Expenses, about and concerning such Cuf

tom and Usage, whereby many Persons have been and are disabled from making sufficient Provision for

their Families, younger Children, and Relations, and great Disputes, Troubles, and Expenses, have often happened concerning the same, to the great Damage or Ruin of many For Remedy whereof, and for preventing all Questions, Doubts and Difficulties for the future touching the said Custom and Usage;

it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety six, it shall and

may be lawful for any Person or Persons, inhabiting or residing, or who shall have any Goods or Chattels within the Principality of Wales, or Marches thereof, by their last Wills and Testaments to give, bequeath, and dispose of, all and singular their Goods, Cha'tels, Debts and other Personal Estate, to their Executor or Executors, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Testator or Testators shall think fit, in as large and ample Manner as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm any Person or Persons may give and dispose of the same, within any Part of the Province of Canterbury, or elsewhere; and that from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety six, the Widows, Children, and other the Kindred of such Testator or Testators, shall be barred to claim or demand any Part of the Goods,

Chattels, or other Personal Estate of such Testator or Testators, in any other Manner than as by the said last Wills and Testaments is limited and appointed; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to takeaway any Right or Title, which any Woman now married, or younger Children now born, may have to the reasonable Part of their Husbands or Fathers Estate, by virtue or colour of the said Custom or Usage. already married

See farther concerning tfales, 11 & "ia W 3. C 9. 8 Geo 1. C 25. 6 Geo. 2. c. 14. and 20 Geo. ac. 42.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, and bringing Flax and Hemp into,

and the making of Sail Cloth in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS there are great Sums of Money and Bullion yearly exported out of this Kingdom, 2s //. 8. f. 4, C for the purchasing of Hemp, Flax and Linen, and the Productions thereof, which might in great j El. C 12. '

' Measure be prevented by being supplied from Ireland, if such proper Encouragement were given as might L invite Foreign Protestants into that Kingdom to settle; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Ex

P. &? At. r.

ei. C 2 e, i8.

ls/r/ ei.

27 EL C 9.

10 Car. z. c. 5.

IIV. & M. flat I. r. 27. sry.g? mc'

Inhabitant? of Wale? may lor

the future dispose of their Grods and Chattels by Will,

Widows, C not to claim any Part of the Personal Estate,

Nnt to take away the Right of Women, &c.

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Ifemporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Hemp or Flax, first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Native fcc rnav b. c. i: T, ' or Natives of England or Ireland to import into England, directly from Ireland, any Sorts of Hemp or Flax, and all the Prodtuftion thereof, as Thread, Yarn, and Linen, of the Growth and Manufacture of Ireland, brdcaom trec free from all Manner of Customs, Duties, anil Impositions whatsoever, the Master or other chief Officer of on Certificate the Vessel so importing the same, bringing with him or them a Certificate or Certificates from the chief from the Officer Officer or Officers of the Port or Ports in Ireland, where such Goods shall be put on board, expressing the Port !n Marks, Number, Tale or "Weight, of the Species in each Bale or Parcel mentioned in the Bill or Bills of^Mark

Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the Exporter or Exporters from Ireland, a'^f Particulars and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of such other Person or Persons that shall have sworn in each Bale, the Goods therein mentioned to be bona fide of the Growth and Manufacture of the Kingdom, without Confirmed by Fraud or Covin, and where and to whom in England consigned; also the Master or Masters, chief Of 1 n, nae stat or Officers of the said Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, on Arrival in England, making Oath, that thet0trioi said Bales, Parcels and Goods therein contained, are the said Bales, Parcels and Goods taken on board, Manufactures by by virtue of the said Certificate or Certificates so to be produced; any act, Custom or Usage heretofore to ic Geo. 2. C 26. the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And forasmuch as the making of Sail Cloth in England is of great Use and Benefit to the Nation, en§lift made and will employ many thousands of the Poor; which Manufacture is already setup in several Parts ofsai1 C ctl\ '°hs ' this Kingdom, and brought to good Perfection; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That U Jm

for the Encouragement of the further Improvement of the same, all English made Sail Cloth (upon due Uritish Linen Proof upon Oath of its being made in this Kingdom) shall from and after the first Day of August one thou Cloth m.vlc of sand six hundred ninety and six, be exported free from the Payment of all Custom and Duty whatever, hempor Fiax whether the same be exported in the Piece or Boult, or in Sails ready made; any Law, act or Statute, to be

. t^' vo exported Custom

the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. froe by 3 Geo u

C 7* §*39' Farther Provisions concerning Linen, i Ann. sat. 2. cs. 3 Ann. C 8. 7 Ann. C 7. 10 Ann. C 19 eft. 66. 12 Ann. fiat. 2. C 9, 19, 6? zi.

I Geo. X C 36, 3 Geo. X C 7 6? 21# 17 Geo. 2. #. 30. 28 Geo. 2. C z zy, S? 36. 22 Geo. 2. c. 26. 24 Geo. 2. c. 46, 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. and 32

Geo. 2. c. 32.

Anno

6j8 C j.

Anno octavo Guglielmi III

A.D. 1696.

3.

C 13.

18 Car. 2. C 5. 25 Car. 2. C 8.

I Jac. 2. C 7.

4. & 5 W. & M. C 24. 6 & 7

W. 3. C 17.

7 W. 3. C r.

7 & S W. 3, C 19. 8&9w.

3 C 8. §. 26.

9 & 10 W. 3.

C 21. 12 & 13

W. 3. C I I.

I 'Anns, flat. 1, C 9.

Anna?, C 22.

7 Annas, C 24.

1 Geo. 1. (rat. 2. C 43, 9 Geo. I.

Exception. Guineas and Half Guineas to be freely imported.

One or mere Mills to be for the Coinage of Cold.

18 Car. 2, C 5.

Coinage of Gold and Silver to be kept in distinct Accounts,

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI III octavo.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the two and twentieth 'Day of November, Anno Dom. 169$. in the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILL IAA1 the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the twentieth Day of October 1696, being the second Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for importing and coining Guineas and Half Guineas.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Section of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement of coining Guineas for a certain Time therein mentioned, it is enacted, 'I hat from the second Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred nine ty five, until the first Day of January then next following, there shall not be any Obligation of receiving into His Majesty's Mint or Mints, to be coined, any Gold whatsoever; shall the Officers of His Majesty's Mints be obliged to coin any Gold within the Time aforesaid, for any Person whatsoever; and that the Recompenses appoined by the Statute made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other subsequnt Statutes, for Encouragement of Coinage, shall be applied to the Use of the Silver Mints. And it is also thereby further enacted, That from and after the said Second Day of March, until the said first Day of January., it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to import Guineas or Half Guineas into this Kingdom, upon any Pretence whatsoever, upon Forfeiture of the said Guineas or Half Guineas. And whereas the Reason of making the said Act was occasioned by the high and unusual Price of Guineas, which might in the Tnd be very prejudicial to the Subject: But the said Price of Guineas being now reduced to or near the Standard, and sundry Persons being desirous to coin Gold, and also to import great Quantities of Guineas and Half Guineas, which will be very beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom For the Encouragement whereof,

C 19. 7 & 8 W, 3, C 13. relating to the coining of Guineas repealed.

II. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing, therein contained (other than what relates to the Recompenses by the said Act appointed to be applied to the Silver Mints, and what concerns the Royal African Company) be and are hereby repealed and utterly made void, to all Intents and Purposes; and that ail and every Person and Persons may freely impoit into this Kingdom Guineas and Half Guineas, as they might or usually did before the making the said Act for prohibiting the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master and Worker and other Officers of His Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London, shall, on or before the tenth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety six, prepare and set apart one or more Mill or Mills, Press or Presses, with other Conveniences, to be in the first Place employed in the Coinage of Gold, which shall be brought thither by any Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner, to be received in, coined, and delivered out, in such Manner, Course, and Order, as by the aforesaid Statute made in the eighteenth Year of King Charles the Second is directed and appointed; so that the Course in Coinage of Gold and Silver be kept in distinct Accounts, and not interfere one with another, either in receiving into, or delivering out of His Majesty's said Mint, and that such coining and delivering out Gold in a distinct Course, according to the Time of bringing in the same, although there be Silver remaining the re uncoined, shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Point of Delivery of Money coined; anything in the said Statute of the eighteenth of King Charles the Second, or other Statute, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

WHEREAS great Mischiefs and Inconveniencies have fallen upon this Kingdom, by the frequent counterfeiting, clipping, and other unlawful diminishing the current Coin of this Kingdom; for the remedying whereof for the future, it is thought necessary that all the hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom should be recoined by the Mill and Press, which will be less subject to those pernicious and de struftive Methods of clipping and counterfeiting; and that in the mean Time, to put a Stop to the further clipping such hammered Money, the same should not be current in Payment, otherwise than is hereafter mentioned, &c.'

EXP.

9 w. 3. c. 44 Hammered Silver Money brought to the Mints before 1 July 1697. to be received at 5 s. 4d. per Ounce. 1. no hame Hammered Coin to be taken for Taxes on Loans, &c. at; r. 8 d. an Ounce. After 1 Dccetnb. 1696. no mered Silver «. hammered Silver Coin to be current, except by Weight. Broad hammered Money may be received before 18 Nov. 1696. by Tale for Taxes, &c. Collector, &c. on Oath may pay the same by Talc till 18 "Dearth. 1696. Commissioners, &c. to have till 10 Jan. 169'b to pay the said hammered Moneys into the

Exche

By

Coin shall be tjurreot, 1

Anno octavo Guglielmi III

639

A.D. 1696.

C 3 — 8.

' Exchequer, and make Oath the same was received by Tale, C Hammered Money to be melted down, and coined by tyre Mill. New Money to be brought back into the Exchequer, and appropriated for Repay ment of Loans, C and not divertible. Money for Taxes at 5 s. 8 a. an Ounce to be recoined at the next adjacent Mint, C Collectors of the Toll for making navigable the Rivers ifyc and Lugg, may before 1 June 1697. receive the same in hammered Money at 5 s. Sd. an Ounce, C

CAP. III.

An Act to explain that Part of the Act passed the Raft Session of Parliament, for laying several Duties on EXP. Low Wines, and Spirits of the sin ft Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, 7 & s w 3< Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excite, which relates to the Payment of Talc' 3°' lies and the Interest thereof. All Tallies of Pro, C charged on the weekly Payments out of the Excise, to be satisfied in Course, without undue Preference. Interest to be paid every three Months. Tallies charged on the weekljr Revenue of the Postoffice, to be paid in like Manner. [These Debts were taken into the South Sea Stock, by g Annas, C 2,]

CAP. IV.

An act to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet of High Treason.

CAP. V.

An Act to attaint such of the Persons concerned in the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate His Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to Justice, and for continuing several others of the said Conspirators in Custody.

4 T X T H E R F, A S in the Months of January and February last, there was a horrid and detestable Con e X P.

' W spiracy formed and carried on by Papists, and other wicked and traitorous Persons, to aftaflinate and destroy the Royal Person of our most Gracious King William (whom God long preserve) which Conspiracy, had not God Almighty in his great Mercy prevented the Execution thereof, had de

these Kingdoms of the Enjoyment of their Liberties and Religion, involved them in Blood and Ruin, and subjected the People thereof to the Bondage and Oppression of Popery and Tyranny; for which execrable and bloody Treason several of the Conspirators have been apprehended, justly condemn

and executed, and have upon their Deaths fully owned the Truth of the Accusations against them,

and their being engaged in the said wicked Conspiracy; and several others, herein after named, being charged upon Oath before one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of having been privy to,

and engaged as principal Contrivers of, and Actors in, the said intended Assassination, notwithstanding several Proclamations Hided against them, have not rendered themselves, nor have been yet apprehended,

but are fled from Justice: Therefore, &c.'

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies and other Du

EXP.

ties, payable for one Year.

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties upon Paper, Vellum, and Parchment, to encourage the EXP, bringing of Plate and hammered Money into the Mints to be coined. [See 1 Annae, flat. 1. cap. 13. §. 17.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for encouraging the bringing in wrought Plate to be coined. Persons bringing wrought Plate to the Mints to be coined between 1 Jan. 1696. and Nov. 1697. to receive for the same 5 s. 4 d. an Ounce, of the Master, cof the Mints.

IX. And whereas it may reasonably be suspected, that Part of the Silver Coins of this Realm hath been,

4 by Persons regarding their own private Gain more than the public Good, melted and converted into Vessels of Silver or other manufactured Plate, which Crime hath been the more easily perpetrated by them, in regard the Goldsmithsor others. Workers of Plate, by the former Laws and Statutes of this Realm, are not obliged to make their Plate of Finer Silver than the Sterling or Standard ordained for the Moneys of this Realm; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twen fromz5march tieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person if, ?7' nc, stlr whatsoever, hall work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufac lefiknenefetjun ture of Silver, less in Fineness than that of eleven Ounces and ten Penny Weight of fine Silver in every, ounces 10 Pound Trey, nor put to sale, exchange, or sell, any Silver Vessels, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver made penny wt. to a after the said five and twentieth Day of March (unless it be Silver Wire, or such Things as in respect of poundtroj, «their Smallness are not capable of receiving a Mark) until such Time as such Vessel, Plate, or manufactured C

Silver, shall be marked as followeth (that is to say) with the worker's Mark, to be expressed by the two m^kabul n first Letters of his Surname, the Marks of the Mystery orcraftof the gojdsmiths, which, instead of the piate, howtobe

leopard's marked.

Anno octavo Guglielmi III

By 6 Geo. 1. C 11. §. 11, Sc 41. the old and new Standard are bull established.

Penalty on Wardens and Matters of the Mystery allowing Plate for good, conira ry to this Adb. Sue9fcf 10 JV. 3. C 28.

8 W. 3. c. 5.

Governors of Blackwell Hall

to observe the Rules hereby limited.

When the Market is to be held.

Market Bell to be rung in the Hall.

No Cloth to be 1'cld in the Hall on other Days under a Penalty.

Governors to appoint Room in the Hall to flie.v Cloth, and ware house Room, paying Duty.

No Factor, nor etker Person than the Owner, to sell Cloth out of the Market. Penalty.

Hall keepers, to observe all Rules an<l Orders, and keep a weekly Register, See. Owners and Buyers Names, C to be cn trej, with the Time of Sale. Penalty on halt keeper, See. neglecting his Duty. Penalty on per suns selling Cloth without

C 9.

A.D. 1696.

leopard's Head and the Lion, shall for this Plate he the Figure of a lion's Head erased, and the Figure of a Woman, commonly called Britannia, and a distinct variable Mark to be used by the Warden of the said Mystery, to denote the Year in which such Plate is made; upon Pain that all such Silver vefteis, Plate, or other manufactured Silver, which shall be made, exposed to sale, sold, or exchanged, contrary to this Act, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, the one half thereof to the King, and the other Half thereof to such Person or Persons that will seize or sue for the same, to be recovered by action, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager Of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be admitted: And if any Silversmith, Goldsmith, or other Person, shall after the said five and twentieth Day of March make any Silver Vessels, Plate, or manufactured Silver, contrary to this at, and the same shall be touched, marked, or allowed for goodbye the Wardens or Mailers of the said Mystery, or those authorised or employed by them for the essaying and marking of Plate, and if in the same there shall be found any Fallhood or Deceit; then the Wardens and Corporation of that Mystery, for the time being, shall forfeit and pay the Value of the Plate so deceitfully marked, the one Half thereof to the King, and the other Half to any Person or Persons that Ural 1 buy the same, and be grieved thereby, to be recovered, as aforesaid; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained, or any other Order or Provision heretofore made, to the contrary notwithstanding.

"Collectors may receive the Land Tax inwrought Plate at; r. a an Ounce, C before 1 Jan. 1697. "Hammered current Money at 5 r. z d. an Ounce, and wrought Plate, to be jpelted down and coined into "new Money, o'er."

CAP. IX.

An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell Hall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the Factors there.,

C T70RASMUCK as of lateyears, by the great Increase of the Factors of Blackwell Hatijn^ the City 4 JF of London, and by the Advantages given them by the Governors of the said Hall, not only in assign ing them the most convenient Lights, but permitting them to hire Warehouses in the said Htijl to their own Uses, into which they enter upon those Days that are no Market Days, and carry thd Clothiers Clothes thence, and expose them to sale in a clandestine Manner in their own Houses, whereby" reat In 4 convenience and Discouragement hath accrued to the Clothing Trade, on which the Welfare hisna tion very much depends: 'For Remedy hereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tly < prefenc Parliament aft embled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of a5&5, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, the Governors of Blackwell Hall, and their Deputies, shall ftricfly perform, observe, and keep, the set Times and Rules herein aft^r limited and appointed for the cxadl Keeping and Government of the public Market of Blackwell Hall, tl at is to say, The said Market shall begin and be held on every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, from eighf of the Clock in the Forenoon, until twelve a Clock in the same Forenoon, and from two of the Clock 111 the Afternoon, until five a Clock in the same Afternoon; and that the said Hours, for the Beginning and Ending of the said Markets, shall be known by the ringing of the Market Bell in the Hail aforesaid, appointed for thatufc and Purpose; and the same to b Days of Humiliation or Thankfgivin_

Authority; and the Keepers of the fa _______,

Cloth at the said Hal!, in or upon any other Days or Hours, than upon the Market Days and flours pointed, as aforesaid, upon the Penalty of one hundred Pounds. -

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governors of Blackwell Ha!, and fhrir Deputies, shall set forth and appoint unto the Clothiers of all Counties, that shall bring up Cloth to seat the said public Market, the most convenient Room in the said Hall for the Sale of their Cloth, and l^kc wise Warehouse Room for the lodging and safe keeping of any Cloth of the said Clothiers unfold, the oe> thieis or th ir Servants paying unto the hail keepers the ancient Duties of the said Hall, and no more. 4

III. And for the further Encouragement of the said public Market, Be it enacted by the Authority'

aforesaid, That no Factor or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner of the Cloth, flap sell, cause to be sold, or expose to sale, out of the said Market of Blackwell Halt, any Cloth consigned ol directed by the Owner thereof to be brought to the said Market of Blackwell Hall, or to any Factor there) to be sold, upon the Penalty of five Pounds for every such Cloth so sold. 1

IV. And be it further enacted, That the hall keepers, Clerks, and master porters of the said Hall, f far as they are hereby concerned, shall take Care that all the Rules and Orders appointed to be observed bu this Act, in every Branch of it, be put inexecution; shall also diligently and faithfully keep their

the said Market

ich Books and \

Books, and weekly Registers, of all the Clothes bought and sold in Registers they, and every of them, as they are concerned in their respective Places, shall truly enter rhev. Names, Surnames, and Places of Habitation of the Owner, Buyer, and Seiler, of every the said Clothes, i together with the Time of the Sale thereof, and likewise of the Factor, or any other Person (other than) the Owner) buying or selling the same, to the end Clothiers and others concerned may be fathfiec! how y their Clothes are disposed of from time to time, to which said Books it shall be lawful for the said Clothiers,

their Agents and Servants, at all convenient Times to have Recourse without any Fee, Gratuity, or Re 1 ward to be paid for the same; and if any hall keeper, Clerk, or master porter, shall neglect to perform his dut y herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds: And ill case any Person or Persons, from and after the said first Day of May, shall buy any Cloth of rny Factor or Factors, or other

3. Persona.

D.

ic

V /

arra colxvo 6c none Guliei, mi III

C 10. 641

Person or Persons, except of the Owner of such Clctli, otherwise than for ready Money; that then, and rej<jy Money, in every such Case, the Factor or Favours, Person or Persons selling such Cloth, shall within twelve Days, n '"z next after the Sale ard Delivery of the same, take or demand a Note in Writing from the Person or Persons buying such Cloth, testifying under the Hand of the Buyer the Cloth so sold, and the Sum of Money nnycrin u such Cloth was sold for, and payable by such Buyer, to the Owner of such Cloth, according to the Con d.ys tua Sale, tract, and shall deliver on Demand such Note, with Notice of such buyer's usual Place of Abode thereon subscribed, to the Owner of the Cloth so sold, or to any Person authorised by the Owner to demand and receive the same, on Pain to forfeit to the Owner or Owners of such Cloth, for every Neglect or Refusal of demanding such Note, or such Delivery thereof, with Notice as aforesaid, double the Value of the Cloth so sold, to the Owner or owners of such Cloth; and if any Merchant, Woollen Draper, or Trader in the Penalty on Woollen Manufacture, buying any Woollen Cloth upon Trust, shall refuse or neglect to give such Note Buym renisms as aforesaid, upon Request to him for that Purpose to be made at any Time after eight Days next after the '^tvc such Sale and Delivery of the said Cloth, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings 0ie' for every Cloth so sold, to the Owner of the said Cloth; and every Piece of Cloth, not actually returned Cloth not m within eight Days next after the Sale and Delivery of the same, shall be and is hereby adjudged, deemed, turned i^ns^dayi and taken to be passed and approved of by the Buyer as a merchantable Cloth; and all Contracts, Promises and Agreements, for the allowing of any longer Time for the passing of any Cloth, shall be and are hereby chantable. declared to be void.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed penalties, C by virtue of this Act, shall or may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or informa w to be rcco tion, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, and

but one Imparlance shall he allowed; and if not otherwise herein before disposed of, one Moiety thereof shall be to the Ui'e of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other to the Informer.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner of the Cloth Owners ofcloth

shall neglect to sue for any of the Penalties and Forfeitures he shall be intituled to by virtue of this Act, by notfuing forpc the Space of six Months next after the Offence committed, then it shall and may be lawful for any other ^lty, ln 6 Person to sue for and recover the same, and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs other ma/fuc, and Successors, and the other to the Informer. - _ Altered by i '

VII. And to prevent fraudulent Practises of Factors as to the Effects of Clothiers in their Hands, and as Geo. i. flat. z.

to the Debts due to Clothiers, contracted for by such Factors; Be it further enacted by the Authority afore c-15- C 13* laid, That every Person being a known or reputed Factor for selling Cloth in the said Market of Blackwell Factors to give Hall, shall, before the four and twentieth Day of 'june one thousand six hundred ninety seven, if thereunto Account of the requested by any Clothier or Owner of Cloth, give and deliver a true and particular Account in Writing to Effectsm their such Clothier or Owner of Cloth, of the Effects of such Clothier or Owner of Cloth, which now are, or fold" a'ndofmo before the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, shall be in the Hands of such Factor, ncy due.

and the particular Clothes of such Clothier or Owner of Cloth sold by such Factor, and of the particular Sums of Money due to such Clothier or Owner of Cloth by any Contrast of such Factor, and of the respective Names and Places of Abode of every Person from whom such Sums are due; and if any such Factor

shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver such Account as aforesaid, he shall forfeit to the Person or Persons Penalty,

to whom he ought to give and deliver such Account ten Pounds, to be recovered and sued for as aforesaid.

CAP. X

An Act to enable the Returns of Juries as formerly, until the first Day of November 1697.

' TIJ WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Sections of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for &gw - C 4 the Ease of Jurors, and letter regulating of Juries, it is amongst other Tilings enacted, That all'3'

' Constables, Tithingmen, and Headboroughs of Towns in each County, or their Deputies, or same or one. of them, shall yearly at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for each County,

Riding or Division, or any Part thereof, in the Week after the Feast ofsaint Michael the Archangel, upon the first Day of the said Sections, or upon the first Day that the said Sections shall be held by Adjournment at any other particular Division or Place, return and give a true List in Writing of the Names and Places of Abode of all Persons within the respective Places for which they serve, qualified to serve upon such Juries, with their Titles and Additions, between the Age of one and twenty Years and the Age of seventy Years, to the Justices of the Peace in open Court; which said Justices, or any two of them at the said Sections, in the respective Counties, Ridings or Divisions, shall cause to be delivered a Duplicate of the aforesaid returned Lists by the Clerks of the Peace of every County or Riding, to the Sheriffs or their Deputies, on or before the first Day of January next following, and cause the said Lists to be fairly entered into a Book by the Clerk of the Peace, to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose amongst the Re cords of the said Court of Sections; no Sheriff shall impanel or return any Person or Persons to try any of the Issues joined inanv of the said Courts, or to be or serve in any Jury at the Afllzcs, Sections of 0; ter and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Sections of the Peace, that shall not be named or mentioned in the said List: And whereas several Constables, not being apprized of their Duties, have neglected to make Returns of Jurors in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, inso much that there are really no Lists or Duplicates of Persons out of which the Jurors are to be returned or impanelled by the Sheriffs for the Trials of such Issues as aforesaid, ever made up, or entered into Books as the said Act directs, in several Counties of this Kingdom; and the Sheriffs being as aforesaid obliged by the said Act, neither to return or impanel any Person or Persons that shall not be named or mentioned in the said Lists, there will, in all and every the said Counties where there have been such total Neglects as aforesaid funless other Pro v01. III 4 N 4 vision

C 11

Anno octavo Sc nono Guglielmi III

A.D. 1697.

Before 2 Nov. 1697. Lists of Janes may be returned formerly.

After Michaelmas Justices required to issue their Precepts yearly.

' vision shall be made) be a Failure of Trials by Juries: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful at any Time before the first Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, for all Sheriffs or Coroners of Counties and Places where such Lists have not been returned pursuant to the Direction of the said Add, to make Returns of Jurors in all Cases whatsoever, in the same Manner as they might have done before the making of the said Act; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. And to the end the said Act may be duly put in Execution from and after the Feast of Saint Michael, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, all Justices of the Peace are hereby required and commanded, at their respective Sections of the Peace that shall be held next before the Feast of Saint Michael yearly and every Year, to issue forth Precepts to the respective Constables within their respective Counties or Divisions, thereby requiring them and every of them to make such Return of Persons to serve upon Juries, as by the said Act is directed.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits.

1; }1. S. f. 1£.

Where several persons are d fcmunts to any Action, Scc. and one or more of them acquitted on Trial, to havd Costs, as if all were acquitted.

Defendant on judgement given lor him, Sec, to recover Costs.

1 Salk. 194.

I Ld Rayrn. 383.

Plaintiff obtaining Judgement on an Action of Waste, sici to Tccover Costs.

If Defendant be found guilty, Plaintiff to have Costs, claw

against Executors not to be altered.

FOR Relief of His Majesty's good Subjects against causeless and unjust Suits, and for the better enabling them to recover their just Rights; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, where several Persons shall be made Defendants, to any Action or Plaint of Trespass, Assault, false Imprisonment, ox eje8ione finnes, and any one or more of them shall be upon the Trial thereof acquitted by Verdict, every Person or Persons so acquitted shall have and recover his Costs of Suit, in like Manner as if a Verdict had been given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and acquitted all the Defendants; unless the Judge, before whom such Cause shall be tried, shall immediately after the Trial thereof, in open Court, certify upon the Record under his Hand, that there was a reasonable Cause for the making such Person or Persons a Defendant or Defendants to such Action or Plaint.

II. And forasmuch as for want of a sufficient Provision by Law for the Payment of Costs of Suit, diverse evil disposed Persons are encouraged to bring frivolous and vexatious Actions, and others to neglect the due Payment of their Debts; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, any Person or Persons shall commence or prosecute in any Court of Record, any Action, Plaint or Suit, wherein upon any Demurrer, either by Plaintiff or Defendant, Demandant or Tenant, Judgement shall be given by the Court against such Plaintiff or Demandant, or if at any Time after Judgement given for the Defendant in any such Action, Plaint or Suit, the Plaintiff' or Demandant shall sue any Writ or Writs of Error to annul the said Judgement, and the said Judgement shall be afterwards affirmed to be good, or the said Writ of Error shall be discontinued, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuit therein, the Defendant or Tenant in every such Action, Plaint, Suit or Writ of Error, shall have Judgement to recover his Costs against every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Demandant or Demandants, and have Execution for the same by Capias ad satisfaciendum, Fieri facias, or Elegit.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, in all Actions of Waste, and Actions of Debt upon the Statute for not setting forth of Tithes, wherein the single Value or Damage found by the Jury shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Nobles, and in all Suits upon any Writ or Writs of Scire facias, and Suits upon Prohibitions, the Plaintiff obtaining Judgement, or any Award of Execution after Plea pleaded or Demurrer joined therein, shall likewise recover his Costs of Suit; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance, or a Verdict shall pass against him, the Defendant shall recover his Costs, and have Execution for the same in, like Manner as aforesaid.

IV. And for the preventing of wilful and malicious Trespasses, be it further enacted, That in all Actions of Trespass to be commenced or prosecuted, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein at the Trial of the Cause it shall appear, and be certified by the Judge, under his Hand, upon the Back of the Record, that the Trespass upon which any Defendant shall be found Guilty, was wilful and malicious, the Plaintiff shall recover not only his Damages, but his full Costs of Suit; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to alter the Laws in being as to Executors or Administrators, in such Cases where they are not at present liable to the Payment of Costs of Suit.

Plain tiff or Defendant dying tefore final Judgement obtained, Action not to abate.

Plaintiff, Si C may have a Sctie t'aciis a defend ant

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions to be commenced in any Court of Record, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, if any Plaintiff happen to die after an interlocutory Judgement, and before a final Judgement obtained therein, the said Action shall not abate by reason thereof, if such Action might be originally prosecuted or maintained by the Executors or Administrators of such Plaintiff; and if the Defendant die after such interlocutory Judgement and before final Judgement therein obtained, the said Action shall not abate, if such Action might be originally prosecuted or maintained against the Executors or Administrators of such Defendant; and the Plaintiff, or if he be dead after such interlocutory Judgement, his Executors or Administrators, shall and njay have a Scire facias against the Defendant, if living after such interlocutory Judgement, or if he died, af

3 ter;

C 12.

643

ter, then against his Executors or Administrators, to show Cause why Damages in such Action should not Mod. Cases in be assessed and recovered by him or them; and if such Defendant, his Executors or Administrators, flail Law 1 '5* 36e appear at the Return of such Writ, and not show or allege any Matter sufficient to arrest the final Judgement, or being returned warned, or upon two Writs of Scire facias it be returned that the Defendant, his Executors or Administrators, had nothing whereby to be summoned, or could not be found in the County, flail make Default, that thereupon a Writ of Inquiry of Damages shall be awarded, which being exe e unon) a cuted and returned. Judgement final shall be given for the said Plaintiff, his Executors or Administrators, to"be^riven1*1 prosecuting such Writ or Writs of Scire facias, again! such Defendant, his Executors or Administrators re j salk.icj. ipeftively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if there be two or more Plaintiffs or a&icnsmay

Defendants, and one or more of them should die, if the Cause of such Action flail furtive to the surviving proceed notv. ith plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or against the surviving Defendant or Defendants, the Writ or Action flail not be -

thereby abated; but such Death being suggested upon the Record, the Action flail proceed at the Suit of th^parties"'° the surviving Plaintiff or Plaintiffs against the surviving Defendant or Defendants.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, which from and after the said five and twentieth inauionson Day of jmarch one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, shall be commenced or prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, upon any Bond or Bonds, or on any Penal Sum, for nonperformance of any'.!a'n'^ may Covenants or Agreements in any Indenture, Deed, or Writing contained, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may Bicachcs be assign as many Bleaches as he or they flail think fit, and the Jury, upon Trial of such Action or Actions, pieaies. shall and may assess, not only such Damages and Cods of Suit as have heretofore been usually done in such jury mayafiefs Cases, but also Damages for such of the said Breaches so to be assigned, as the Plaintiff upon the Trial of Damages, the ifl ues flail prove to have been broken, and that the like Judgement shall be entered on such Verdict as heretofore hath been usually done in suchlike Actions; and if Judgement shall be given for the Plaintiff on

a Demurrer, or by Confession, or Nihil dicit, the Plaintiff upon the Roll may suggest as many Breaches of the Covenants and Agreements as he flail think fit, upon which flail issue a Writ to the Sheriff of that County where the Action shall be brought, to summon a Jury to appear before the Justices or Justice of Assize, or Nisi pritts, of that County, to inquire of the Truth of every one of those Breaches, and to assess the Damages that the Plaintiff flail have sustained thereby; in which Writ it shall be commanded to the said Justices or Justice of Assize, or Nijiprius, that he or they flail make a Return thereof to the Court from whence the same flail issue, at the Time in such Writ mentioned; and in case the Defendant or Defen Defendant pay dants, after such Judgement entered, and before any Execution executed, flail pay unto the Court where ins Damages, the Action shall be brought, to the Use of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his or their Executors or Admini may

strators, such Damages so to be assessed by Reason of all or any of the Breaches of such Covenants, toge e ayc 1 there with the Costs of Suit, a Stay of Execution of the said Judgement shall be entered upon Record; or if by Reason of any Execution executed, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his or their Executors or Administrators, shall be fully paid or satisfied all such Damages so to be assessed, together with his or their Costs of Suit, and all reasonable Charges and Expenses for executing the said Execution, the Body, Lands, or Goods of the Defendant, shall be thereupon forthwith discharged from the said Execution, which flail likewise be entered upon Record; but notwithstanding in each Case such Judgement flail remain, continue, but futgment and be, as a further Security to answer to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and his, or their Executors or Admini to remain, to ltrators, such Damages as flail or may be sustained for further Breach of any Covenant or Covenants in the and«r an>' Aflame Indenture, Deed, or Writing contained, upon which the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs may have a Scire facias upon the said Judgement against the Defendant, or against his Heir, Terre tenants, or his Executors or ^..avhave a Administrators, suggesting other Breaches of the said Covenants or Agreements, and to summon him or Scire facias them respectively to show eause why Execution flail not be had or awarded upon the said Judgement, upon against the De

which there shall be the like proceeding as was in the Action of Debt upon the said Bond or Obligation, l5noant for assessing of Damages upon Trial of Issues joined upon such Breaches, or Inquiry thereof upon a Writ cefran rivi. to be awarded in Manner as aforesaid; that upon Payment or Satisfaction in Manner as aforesaid, of See briber 11&

such future Damages, Costs, and Charges, as aforesaid, all further Proceedings on the said Judgement are n w. r. g,

again to be stayed, and so Mies qaoties, and the Defendant, his Body, Lands, or Goods, shall be discharged i etnn. «-6.

out of Execution, as aforesaid. end \\gtq. z.

C 17.

CAP. XII.

An Act for continuing several additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons act embled in Parliament, for a fur, Supply of Your majesty's extraordinary Occasions, and the effectual Prosecution of the War against France, and for Satisfaction of such Persons who have advanced and lent Moneys into Your majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted unto Your Majesty the Impositions and Duties herein after mentioned, for and during the Term hereafter expressed, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com Additional im mons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several additional and other petitions on Rates, Impositions, Duties, and Charges, upon Goods and Merchandise imported into this Kingdom of Goods imported England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of berv/ick upon Tweed, and from thence exported, mentioned, b' 4 & 5 w & and granted in and by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the reign of His present Ma ^nti nue^from. jesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majifties certain additional Impoftious x°march tcs!

4x2 upon to 17may tt

644 C 13 — 16. Anno octavo 6c nono Gulielmi III A.D. 1697.

upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for the prosecuting the present War again France, shall be continued from the first Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety six, and be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, until the seventeenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven; and that the Laid Act, and al Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and effect, until the said seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said additional Duties, and other Rates and Impositions hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act.

CAP. XIII.

I X P. An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert His

majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters, for one Year longer.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the completing the Building and adorning the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, London, and for repairing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster.

1 Jac. ac. 15.*T WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament begun at Westminster the nineteenth Day of May ' in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and five, and in the first Year of the Reign of the hue K ing James the Second, intituled An act for rebuilding, finishing, and adorning of the Cathedral Church of Saint paul'r, London, it was enacted, That for all Sorts of Coals, which from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred eighty and seven, and before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, should be imported and brought into the Port of the said City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, there should be paid by way of Imposition thereupon, over and besides all other Impositions and Duties, according to the Rates therein after mentioned (that is to say) For all Sorts of Coals and Culm as are usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels Win ' chefcr Measure, the Sum of eighteen Pence; and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every t Tun thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the like Sum of eighteen Pence; which said Impofi tion of eighteen Pence for every Chaldron or Tun of Coals the said Act doth appoint how to be collected and paid, and in the first Place to be applied and disposed to the rebuilding, finishing, and adorning the said Cathedral of Saint paul's, and for the completing parochial Churches, as by the said Act more at large appears: And whereas not only the Moneys hitherto received for the said Duty, but several great

Sums of Money advanced upon the Credit of the said Act (a considerable Part whereof is now owing)

and al! other Supplies have been carefully expended and laid out about the said Work, whereby the same is far advanced, and yet by Reason of the extraordinary Expense of Shipping in Time of War,

and Dearness of Materials, the Money hitherto provided for the Works intended by the said Act hath proved defective; unless some further Provision be made for completing the said Works, that which is already done will be greatly damaged, if not wholly lost; and in case the same shall be completed, it will be necessary that some other Things be done, both for the Convenience and Ornament of the said

Church, &c.'

I X p. "Duty laid on Coals and Culm from 29 Sept. 1700. to 29 Sept. 1716. For every Chaldron iz d. Every

Altered by g "Tun, 12 d. to be applied, one sixth Part to the Repairing Saint peter's Westminster. 3, 0001, out of these

Anns, C2. "Duties to be paid in Years towards Building Saint Thomas Church in Southwark. The Stipend to the "

"General of the Building of Saint paid's shall be paid in the Proportions following; one Moiety "yearly, and the other Moiety in one entire Sum, within six Months after finishing the Church."

CAP. XV.

PR. EXP. An Act for Repairing the Highway between Ryegate in the County of Surrey, and Crawley in the County of Sussex.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging Common Highways.

13 & 14 Car. 2.

WHEREAS an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the CI e' Second, for enlarging Common Highways, is expired, and that the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is not sufficient for the enlarging of the Highways of this Kingdom; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au. _ of the same, That the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, or

la % echighways" Place, or the major Part of them, being five at the least, at their Quarter sessions, shall have Power to en s Yards in large or widen any Highways in their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Liberties, or Places, so that

Breadth. the Ground to be taken into the said Highways do not exceed eight Yards in Breadth, and that the said

13 Fit. 1. J!, r. pcwer do not extend to pull down any House, or to take away the Ground of any Garden, Orchard, Courr,

C j 6. 645

or Yard: And for the Satisfaction of the Persons who are Owners of or maybe interested in the said Ground that shall be laid into the said Highways, the said Justices are hereby empowered to impanel a Jury before them, and to actminister an Oath to the said Jury, that they will afiefs such Damages to be given, and Recompense to be made, to the Owners and others interested in the said Ground Rent or Charge respectively, for their respective Interests, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding five and twenty Years 'Hrchafe for Lands so laid out, and likewise such Recompense as they shall think reasonable, for the making of a new Ditch and Fence to that Side of the Highway that shall be so enlarged, and also Satisfaction to any Person that may be otherwise injured by the enlarging of the said Highways; and upon Payment of the said Money so awarded, or leaving it in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace of the respective County, for the Use of the Owner, or of others interested in the said Ground, the Interest of the said Persons in the said Ground Rent or Charge shall be for ever diverted out of them; and the said Ground, and all other Grounds that shall be laid into any Highway by virtue of this Act, shall be esteemed and taken to be a Public Highway to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, or other Place, or the major Part of them, being five at the icaft, shall have Power to order one or more assessment or Assessments to be made, levied, or collected, upon all and every the Inhabitants, Owners, or Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in their respective Parishes or Places, that ought to repair the same, to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Justices at such Sessions shall direct and appoint; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the Order and Direction of the said Justices, for and towards the purchasing of the Land to enlarge the said Highways, and for the making the said Ditches and Fences; and the said assessment shall, by Order of the said Justices, be levied by the Overseers of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of Persons so afieited, not paying the same within ten Days after Demand, rendering the Overplus of the Value of the Goods so distrained to the Owner and Owners thereof; the necessary Charges of making and selling such Goods being first deducted.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no such assessment or Assessments made in any one Year, for enlarging of Highways, shall exceed the Rate of sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Income of any Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, nor the Rate of sixpence in the Pound for Personal Estates.

III. And that no Person may be surprised by the Power contained in this Act, but may have timely Notice to appear to make their Complaints to the said Justices; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, or the major Part of them, being five at the least, at their Quarter sessions, at the Request of any Person for the putting in Execution the Powers contained in this Act for the enlarging of Highways, shall issue out their Precepts to the Owner or Owners of Ground, or others interested in the same, that are to be laid into the said Highways, to appear at the next Quarter sessions, or show Cause why the said Highways should not be enlarged; anything in this Act contained to the contary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Order or Decree shall be made by the said Justices for the laying out of Ground for the enlarging of Highways, that the Owners or Proprietors of the said Ground have hereby free Liberty, within eight Months after such Order, to cut down any Wood or Timber growing upon the said Ground, or upon the negleh thereof, that the same shall be sold by Order of the said Justices, and the Owners of such Wood or Timber shall receive the full of what shall be made of such Wood or Timber; the Charges of working the same being first deduced.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person aggrieved by the Order or Decree of the said Justices, to appeal to the Judges of Assize at the next Assize only, to be held for the County where such Decree or Order shall be made; and any of the said Judges are hereby empowered to re examine, affirm or reverie the said former Order and Decree, as in Judgement they shall think fit, and if affirmed, to award Costs against such Appellants for their Vexation and Delay, and to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Appellants Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any such be) to the said a ppellants.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Common Highway at any Time hereafter shall be enclosed, after a Writ of Ad quod Damnum issued, and Inquisition thereupon taken, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons injured or aggrieved by such Enclosure, to make their Complaint thereof by Appeal to the Justices at the Quarter sessions to be held for the same County next after such Inquisition taken, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine such Appeal, and whose Determination therein shall be final; and if no such Appeal be made, then the said Inquisition and Return, entered and recorded by the Clerk of the Peace of such County at the Quarter sessions, shall be for ever afterwards binding to all Persons whatsoever, without any further or other Appeal; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And for the better Convenience of travelling in such Parts of this Kingdom which are remote from Towns, and where several Highways meet; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, at their respective Special Sessions, to be held once in four Months by virtue of an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highiuays, and for settling the Rates of Carriagb of Goods, so often, and in such Cases, as they shall think necessary, to direh their Precept to the Surveyors of the Highways, in any Parish or Place where two or more Cross Highways meet, requiring them forthwith to cause to be erehed or fixed, in the most convenient Place where such Ways join, a Stone or Port, with an Inscription thereon in large Letters, containing the Name of the next Market Town to which each of the said joining Highways leads, who is to be reirftbursed according as the said Act for the repairing of Highways directs: And in case any Surveyor or Surveyors shall, by the

Space

dsma?cs to the owrtrs to be affrflbj by a Jury Burr V I. 536. 1 I l<nu. t. C Ch. 76.

not exceeding 25 Years Purchase*

On Payment of Money, Owner to be diverted of his Intcrert in the Ground.

assessments to be levied on the Inhabitants for repairing the Roads, and pus chasing Land,

Overseers of the Highwaye to levy ihe assessments by Distress. not paid in 10 Days, assessments not to exceed 6 J. in the Pound on Land, C

Justices may issue their Precepts to Owner of Ground, C

Eight Months allowed to cut down Timber on neglecttim — ber to be sold, C

Charges deducted.

Appeal to the Judges of affi2e9

Costs to be levied by Distress, Justices may determine Appeals in case of inquisitions on Writ of Ad quod Damnum.

If no Appeal, the Inquisition to be binding

3 & 4 W. & M. C 1

Where cross Highways meet, a Stone or Pott to be created with the Name uf the next Market Town to

Anno octavo 6c nono Guglielmi III

646 C 17.

A.D. 1697.

which each Space of three Months after such Precept to him or them directed and delivered, neglectjjr refuse to cause

Highway Jcadj. such Stone or Port to be fixed as is aforesaid, every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, divi ronalty on Sm> fion or Liberty, where such Parish or Place shall be, such Warrant to be directed to the Constable of such yeyors negl' ft parish or Place, requiring him to distrain the Goods of such Offender, and fell the same, rendering to him pov.° tx hc1 the Overplus (if any be) and to employ such Sum, so levied, in and towards such Stone or Post as is afore..; and in case any Part of the said Sum shall remain after such Stone or Post erected, then to employ

foulrliat wg to such remaining Sum in amending the same Cross Highways, and not otherwise.

Highways, 6 Ann. C 29.9 Ann. C 18. 1 Geo. l.stat, 2. C ji. 5&'«. ic. n. 14. Geo. 2. c. 42. 15 Geo. 2. C z. 16 Geo. 2. c. 19. il Geo. 2. c. 1

24. Get. a. C 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 30. a8 Geo. 1. c. 17. 30 Geo. 2. c. 28. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XVII.

13 & 34 Car. 2. C 2.

Owner to pay 3 d, for every cartload of Hay brought into the Hay Market to be sold,

every cartload of Straw 1 d. tovva ds paving the Hay m.ukct.

Owners of Hay or Straw not to pay again for what is not sold.

Owners refuting to pay.

the same to be levied by ditire fs,

and Sale of Goods.

Extent of the Hay Market.

jw. fcm.it.a.

ti 8*

An act for paving and regulating the Hay Market in the Parishes of Saint Marlin in ihe Fields and Saint James within the Liberty of Westminster.

WHEREAS by an at of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of Charles the Second, late King of England, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Sewers, and paving and keeping clean the Streets, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and for reforming

said Cities, and for the regulating and inconvenient Streets and passages, it rom the first Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and two, (hold be brought, and stand to be sold upon any the Ways in that A ' expressed and adjudged fit to be new paved, should pay sixpence for every Load, and likewise every Cart of Straw to be sold in the said Places should, after the said Day, pay twopence, which said Sums should be paid to the Commissioners which should be appointed for the paving and mending the Highways and Streets, or such as they should appoint, for and towards the paving of the Streets and Highways: And 1 forasmuch as the said at is now expired, the Owners of such Hay Carts and Straw Carts, which are daily brought into and stand in a Street commonly called the Hay Market, lying and being in the Parishes 1 of Saint Afartins in the Fields, and Saint James's within the Liberty of Westminster, by reason whereof the Repairs of the said Street are grown a great Charge to the Parishioners there inhabiting, and cannot by Law be compelled to contribute towards the paving, repairing and amending the said Street, to the great Grievance of the said Parishioners May it therefore please Your most rxceilentmajestythat.it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con ient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, the Owner of every cartload or Parcel of slay, which shall be brought into and stand to be sold in the said Street commonly called the Hay aaarket,

shall pay to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Justices of the Peace of the County of

Middlesex, and City and Liberty of Westminster, the sum of threepence, and likewise that the Owner of every cartload or Parcel of Straw, which shall be brought into and stand to be sold in the said Street, shall after the said Day pay the Sum of onepeny, in Ease of the Parishioners of the said Parishes, to such Person or Persons who shall be appointed from time to time, for and towards the paving, repairing, and amending the said Street called the Hay Market.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of any such Cartload or Parcel of Hay or Straw, having paid the respective. Sums aforesaid, and the same being then not sold, but remaining to be brought to be sold the next Market Day, such Cart load or Parcel of Huy or

Straw shall not pay again the like Sum as above, the next Market Day, for ftnuding the re to be sold.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner or Owners of such cartload or Parcel of Play or Straw shall, after the said five and twentieth Day of March, refuse to pay the Sum of threepence for every such cartload or Parcel of Hay, and the said Sum of one Penny for every such cartload or Parcel of Straw, brought into, and (landing in, the said Street called the Hay Adarkei, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, after Demand thereof made by such Person or Persons as shall be thereunto lawfully authorised, to levy the same upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant of Ljistress, which any Justice of the Peace of the County of Middlesex, or the said City and Liberty of Westminster, is hereby authorised to grant under his Hand and Seal, on Oath to be made before him by the Party who demanded the same, that the same is t; efufed to be paid, and that it is not paid; which said Goods and Chattels shall and may be sold within three Days after the Distress made, and the Overplus to be returned to the Owner, the Charge of the Distress being only deducted.

IV. And for preventing all Disputes concerning the Extent of the said Street; Re it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be construed to extend in Length from the old Toll Post at the upper End of the Hay Market, over against a House lately called Coventry House, to the Phcsnir Inn at the lower End of the said Hay Market, and the House over against it, and in Breadth from the Channel running by the Houses on the east side so the Channel running by the houses on the west side, at which Places Polls or Stones shall be setup by the Directions of the said Justices of Peace, which shall be esteemed to be the Rounds and Extent of the said Market.

V. And whereas by an act made in the feeond Year of His present Majesty and the late Queen Mary,

' intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Qut parishes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, and

' other

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo 6c nono Gulielm 1 III C 18, 19. 647

C other Places within the Weekly Bilk of Mortality in the County of Surrey, anti for regulating the Markets therein mentioned, it was amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the fifteenth Day of De ' cemher one thousand six hundred and ninety, no Person or Persons whatsoever shotild permit or infi er his

or their Wagon, Cart, or Carr, to Hand or he in the Place called the Hay alarkct near Piccadilly, in the Parishes of Saint Martins in the Fields and Saint james's within the Liberties of jfejhninster, loaden with

Hay or Straw, to sell the same, from Michaelmas to Lady Day, after two of the Clock in the Afternoon,

' and from Lady Day to Michaelmas after three of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Pain to forfeit for every Offence and Neglect five Shillings respectively: And whereas diverse Persons tifing the said Place called the Hay Market, near Piccadilly aforesaid, have had several Informations against them for offending against the said Statute, and paid the Penalties thereof, which hath been chiefly occasioned by the Want of convenient Notice before the Times limited by the said Act did determine, and several Informations on the said Act have been given long after the supposed Offences committed, whereby the several Persons using

the said Hay Market, by the Length of Time, have not been able to dilprovc such Informations, which hath been a great Mischief and Discouragement to the Persons using the said Hay marketfor Prevention of which Mischiefs and Inconveniences for the time to come, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lid Person or Persons, so to be from time to time appointed to collect the said Toll, do

twice on every Market Day, to wit, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday in every Week, ring, or cause to ahdl toberunj be rung, a large Hand Bell round the said Place called the Hay Market, before any Forfeiture of five Shil twice every lings for the said Offence shall be incurred, whereof the first Time to be an Hour before, and the last Time Maiicci Day. at the Expiration of the said respective Hours in and by the said recited Act appointed for all Persons using the said Market, as aforesaid, to leave the same; on every Default or Defaults of ringing such Bell twice, On Default of as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whatsoever using the said Hay Market for the said Purposes, the next tinging the Hell, immediate usual Market Day or Days after every such Default or Defaults, shall be liable to to tray any foj

Toll for any Wagon, Cart, or Carr standing or that shall Hand in the said Hay Market to sell Hay or ten free Straw: and the said Market is hereby in that Case, and on such Day or Days, as aforesaid, declared to be 1 toll free.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Forfeiture or Forfeitures Forfeitures to be for any Offence or Offences at any Time or Times hereafter to be incurred, for staying or continuing, ftcmandej t], e longer in the said Market, called the Hay Market, than is in and by the said recited Act appointed, shall km Day as

he demanded in the said Market Place, by the Person ringing the said Bell, the same Day on which such com Offence or Offences shall or may happen to be committed, and Complaint shall be made of every such Ani c' i,; nt Offence, to some one Justice of the ghiorum within the said County, or City and Liberty of jfejhnhjjler, to bemudu to a before the next immediate succeeding Market Day, of which Complaint Notice shall be given to the Party justice of quo offending, the next Time he comes to the said Market, or else no Person or Persons uling the said Hay rum market shall be liable to or chargeable with any Forfeiture or Forfeitures, for staying longer in the said Party to have Market for the Purposes aforesaid, than in and by the said recited Act is limited and appointed; the said re Notice the next cited Actor anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. ordfe notable'

VII. And to the end a true Account may be given of the Toll to be gathered and received by virtue of 1 C

this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person and Persons that shall collect and dif Collector to givo pose of the Money by virtue of this Act arising by the said Toll, shall yearly, every Easter Sessions, give ammon£0s, nt the Justices of the Peace of the said County and City (who are hereby empowered to require the same) a collectc/tnil particular Account upon Oath (which the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer) of all Mo how disposed. nies collected by virtue of this Act, and how the same is or shall be from time to time disposed of; and in case on the Foot of any such yearly Account any Money shall remain undisposed of, according to the true if any remains, Intent of this Act, such Remainder shall be disposed of for the Benefit of the said County of midjlcfex, in how to be dif. such Manner as the said Justices at such Sessions shall think fit. po cd of

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions with their Debtors, in case two Thirds in Number and Value do agree. [Repealed by9Sc 10 W. 3. cap. 29.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act for repealing a Clanfe in a former Act relating to Party Guiles, and for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Brewers and others chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

WHEREAS in one Act made in the last Sessions of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for 7 & j w. 3.

' laying several Duties upon Lozu Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds C 30. no.

'and Abuses of brewers, Difhllers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise, it is amongst other Things enacted in the Words, or to the Effect following (videlicet) That all common Brewers, Inn ' keepers or Victuallers, who after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six, shall brew or make a Party Guile, shall declare to the Gauger or Gaugers appointed to gauge and ' 'take an Account of the same, how much of such Guile he or they intended to make into Strong Beer or Ale, and how much into final], before any Part of such Guile is cleansed, and shall continue till the said Strong Beer in their Tuns until the said Small Beer shall be carried out and delivered; and in case such Brewers, Innkeepers or Victuallers, or their respective Servants, brewing or making such Guile of Beer or Ale, shall refuse to declare to such Gauger or Officer, how much of their Guile or Brewing the y in'

' tend to make into Strong Beer, or Strong Ale, and how much into Small, before any Part Of such Guile

' is cleansed, or shall permit the said Strong Beer to be carried out of their Tuns, until thdtdid Small

' Beer

64.8 C 19*

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III A.D. 169;

12 Car 2. C 2, 3. Clause repealed.

Brewer to declare how much Strong Beer or Ale he intends to make of each Guile,

[Penalty.]

Jturn V 1, 336.

Penalty onbrcw ers Servants.

Beer or Ale left may be added in Siglitof thegau ger.

Beer or Ale left

and added to new Guile, Gauger to charge the same as new Drink, and Brewer to pay the Duties.

Brewers to take up their Pipes, Stopcocks, and other Conveyances underground, and flop up the Hole in every Tun, Batch, See.

Penalty on Brewer keeping such Pipe.

C Beer shall be carried out and delivered, such Gauger or Gaugers shall charge and return the whole of such Guile to be Strong, and such Brewer, Innkeeper or Victualler, hall pay the Duties thereof accor dingly; and in case such Brewer, Innkeeper or Victualler, or their respective Servants, after such Dccia ration made, shall make any Increase of their Strong Beer or Strong Ale, so declared as aforesaid, by any Ways or Means whatsoever, such Increase shall be deemed and taken to be and proceed from mixing Small Beer with Strong Beer, or Strong Ale, and such Brewer, Innkeeper or Victualler, shall forfeit and lose, for every Barrel so increased, the Sum of forty Shillings, and foin Proportion for a greater or lelfer Quantity, over and above the Penalties already imposed for mixing Small Beer with Strong: And whereas it is found by Experience, that it is inconvenient to the Brewers within London, and the weekly Bills of

Mortality, and impracticable to the Brewers, Innkeepers and victuallers in the Country, to keep their

Strong Beer in their Tuns until their Small Beer is carried out and delivered, as by the Clause above recited is required Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, the said Clause, and every Tiling therein contained, shall be and hereby is repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And for the more effectual preventing the Frauds of the Brewers, which are now frequently prac tifed, by mixing Small Beer with Strong; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every common Brewer, who after the said tenth Day of April shall brew or make any Guile of Beer or Ale, shall declare to the Gauger or Gaugers appointed to gauge and take an Account of the same, how much Strong Beer or Strong Ale he intends to make of such Guile, and also how much Small (if he intends to make any Small] before any Part of such Guile is cleansed or removed out of his Tuns; and in case any such Brewer, or his respe<stive Servants, brewing or making such Guile of Beer or Ale, shall refuse to make such Declaration as aforesaid, such Gauger or Gaugers shall charge and return the whole of such Guile to be Strong, and such Brewer shall pay the Duties thereof accordingly, and shall also forfeit and lose, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale contained in such Guile, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and in case such Brewer, or his respective Servants, after such Declaration made as aforesaid, shall make any Increase of the Strong Beer or Strong Ale so declared as aforesaid, by any Ways or Means whatsoever, or in case such Gauger or Gaugers shall find any Beer, Ale or Worts, of the same Guile laid off, over and above the Quantity To declared as aforesaid, such Brewer shall forfeit and lose for every Barrel so increased, laid off', or found over and above the Quantity declared as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds; and the Servant or Servants of such Brewer, who were any ways concerned or assisting in making such Increase after the said Declaration, or in laying off any Beer, Ale, or Worts of such Guile, before such Declaration made, as aforesaid, shall also forfeit and lose, for every Barrel so increased or laid off, the Sum of twenty Shillings, and in Default of Payment thereof Iliali fuller three Months Imprisonment; and in case upon any Information brought against such Brewer for the Penalties by this at imposed for increasing his Length of Strong Beer or Ale, as aforesaid, it shall appear by the Evidence given in Behalf of such Brewer, that the Strong Beer or Ale so declared, as aforesaid, was increased by adding to or mixing with the same, any Beer or Ale that was left in the Brewhouse of a former Guile of his or her brewing, such Brewer shall incur all the said Penalties, except it he 3lfo proved by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, that the Strong Beer or Ale so added to such Guile, was added to such Guile in the Sisrht and View of the Gauger; the said Evidence, or any other thing to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas many Brewers having Strong Beer or Ale remaining in their Brewhouses from the Time it was brewed, until the next Guile or Brewing, the Quality of which they frequently alter by' C mixing with the same new Small Beer, or old returned Drink, and then add the Beer and Ale so alcered to the next Guile, by Means whereof His Majesty is often defrauded of Elis Duties of Excise; Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the Gauger that the Quality of such Strong Beer or Ale so remaining in the Brewhouse of a former Guile, and added to a Guile of new Drink, as aforesaid, hath been so altered since it was brewed, such Gauger shall charge and return all such Beer and Ale so altered and added to a Guile of new Drink, as if the same were then originally brewed, and had never been charged before, and such Brewer shall pay the Duties thereof accordingly.

CIV. And forasmuch as it is found by Experience, that His Majesty is very much defrauded of his du ties of Excise by many Brewers, who by private Pipes and Stopcocks underground, and other private Conveyances, have Communication between their Strong Beer Tuns and their Small Beer Tuns, whereby they do privately mix the Small Beer with their Strong Beer or Ale, and also convey their Beer, Ale, or Worts, from the Sight and View of the Gaugers appointed to gauge and take an Account of the same, C which is also prejudicial to other Brewers, who work fair, and pay His Majesty His full Duty; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every common Brewer, having or keeping any Pipe or Stopcock underground, or any other private Pipe, or other private Conveyance in or about his Brew. house, by which any Beer, Ale, or Worts, may be conveyed from one Tun or Brewing Vessel to another, or out of any such Tun or Brewing Vessel into any other Place, shall before the eight and twentieth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, take up, or demolish every such Pipe, Stopcock, and other private Conveyance, and shall also stop up every Hole in every Tun, Batch, or Float, by which any Beer, Ale, or Worts, may be conveyed into or out of such Tun, Batch, or Float, or any of them; and that no common Brewer, from and after the said eight and twentieth Day of April, shall have or keep any such Pipe, Stopcock, or other private Conveyance, by which any Beer, Ale, or Worts, may be conveyed from one Tun or Brewing Vessel to another, or out of any such Tun or Brewing Vessel into any other Place, nor shall have or keep any Hole in any such Tun, Batch, or Float, by which any Beer, Ale, or Worts, maybe conveyed into or out of such Tun, Batch, or Float, or any of them, on Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo & nono G ul i elmi III C 19. 649

J

V. And for the better discovering of all such Pipes, Stopcocks, and other private Conveyances aforesaid;

Re it further enabled, That from and after the filid eight and twentieth Day of April, it shall and may officers of fx be lawful to and for the Gaugers and Officers of Excite, or any of them, in the daytime, and in the cite may break Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer for the Peace, on Request first made, and Cause declared,; p the Ground to break up the Ground in any common Brewhouse, or Ground near adjoining, or any Wall, Partition, or j", 34'°,) other Place, to search for any such private Pipe, or other private Conveyance, and upon finding any such for uri". Pipe, or other private Conveyance, to follow the same, and to break up the Ground, House, Wall, or other, Pipe. Partition or Place, through, or into which any such ripe or other private Conveyance shall lead, and to break up or cut any such Pipe, or other private Conveyance, and to turn any Cock or Cocks, to try and examine whether such Pipe, or other private Conveyance, may or can convey any Beer Ale, or Worts, out of one Tun qr Brewing Vessel into another, or out of any such 'Pun or Brewing Vessd into any other Place.

VI. Provided always, That in case upon such Search made, as aforesaid, no such Pipe, or other pri ifnopip te vate Conveyance, shall be found, such Gaugers and Officers shall make good the Ground, Wall, or other sound, Cffitert* Place so broken up as aforesaid, or make reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if malte

any common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall oppose, obstruct, or hinder, any 10ik

such Gauger, or Officer in the due Execution of the Powers hereby given and granted, every such Brewer C

and other Person shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of listy Pounds. oppofm gbfficers.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any B na uye

common Brewer to keep and make Use of any Pipes, Stopcocks, or other Conveyances aboveground, p; [)CS) stop

which are public and in open View, for the letting his Worts out of his Copper into his public!: Backs cocks, &c.above

or Coolers, and for the letting his Worts out of such public Backs or Coolers into his public Tuns, Ground. Batches, or Floats, or out of any public Tun into his Casks; thing in this Act, or any other Law or

Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And whereas, notwithstanding the Penalties already imposed by former Acts, it is found by Experience, that several Brewers do setup and keep private Backs and Tuns, by which His Majesty is much

' defrauded of His Duties of Excise, and other Brewers, who pay their full Duties, are much prejudiced

e in their Trade thereby Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Brewer shall, at any Time after the said tenth Day of April, without Notice thereof first given at the next Office of Excise, erect or setup any Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, or shall alter or enlarge any Tun, peualtyonbre*' batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, already erected or setup, or shall have or keep any private or concealed er setting up r Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, other than such as are openly discovered and known to be com - altering anytun, monly used in his Brewhouse or Place of Brewing, every such Brewer shall forfeit and lose for every Tun, Batch, &c.w«h batch, Float, Cooler, and Copper so erected and setup, altered, or enlarged, kept private, or concealed, ^eeto^beex" without such Notice given, as aforesaid, the Sum of two hundred Pounds. cife offite.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Brewer, or Maker of Penalty onbrew cyder, brewing or making any Beer, Ale or Cyder for Sale, shall at any Time after the said tenth Day of er or Cyder Ma april deliver to any Distiller or Vinegar maker, any Wash, Tilts, Ale, Beer, Vinegar Beer or Cyder, ker delivering to without first giving Notice to the Gauger or Gaugers within whole Division or District such Brewer or dlrtl.1!erl, or' Maker of Cyder doth or shall inhabit, what Quantity of Wash, Tilts, Ale, Beer, Vinegar Beer or Cyder, w'affi.&owith he intends to deliver, and when and to whom he intends to deliver the same, every such common Brewer out giving no or Maker of Cyder shall forfeit and lose, for every Barrel of Wash, Tilts, Ale, Beer, Vinegar Beer and tice to the Cyder, delivered without such Notice given as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Shillings. Gauger.

X. And whereas it is found by Experience, That notwithstanding the Penalties imposed by former Acts,

' many Distillers do erebl and setup private Backs, Stills, and other Vessels, by which His Majesty is much defrauded of his Duties of Excise Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no common t comm( d;. difliher or Maker of Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters for Sale or Exportation, shall at any Time unier, C to set after the f. id tenth Day of April erect or setup anytun, Cask, walk batch, Copper, Still, or other up any Tun, Vessel for the brewing, making, or keeping of any Worts, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Wa cal ters, nor alter or enlarge any fun, Cask, wash batch, Copper, Still, or other vessel already erected or setup, nor shall have or keep any. private or concealed Tun, Cask, wash batch, Copper, Still, or other nor Vessel, nor any private or concealed Warehouse, Storehouse? Cellar, or other Place for the brewing, ma pr, vate run, nor king, laying, or keeping, any Worts, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters, without first giving Warehouse, C Notice thereof at the next Office of Excise, within the Limits or Jurisdiction whereof he or they do or without giving shall inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit for every Tun, Cask, wash batch, Copper, Still, Warehouse, Store Notice house, Cellar, or other Place so erected or setup, altered or enlarged, kept private or concealed, the Sum under Penalty of twenty Pounds; and that all and every Person or Persons in whole Occupation any House, out house of 20l. or other Place whatsoever, is or shall be, where any such private or concealed i. an, Cask, wash batch, con'

Copper, Still, Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit and lose nmlcac

the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That from and after the said tenth Day of April every Persons having Person or Persons making or keeping any Wash, Cyder, or other Materials fit for Distillation, and having Soil efio gal in his or their Possession or Occupation any Still or Stills, containing twenty Gallons or upwards. Proof ate"

being made thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses before some justice of the Peace, who "fteemed a'com is hereby empowered to administer the same, shall be deemed and taken to be a common Distiller for Sale,

men difhuer,

and shall be liable to the several Rates and Duties of Excise, and subject to the several and respective Pe and liable to; b. c. nalties and Forfeitures imposed by this or any former Act now in force; the said Act or any other Law or pt, ssof Ex' Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding - _. "e'

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures Fi. t, 5, V o e by this Act imposed, shall he sued for, recovered, and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any £,:, i o.

vor. IIL'4 0! ' 'in.

W. & M. (1, 2. C 9.

Aoy Person may distill for Sale Low Wines from Drink brewed from malted Corn, C paying the Duties.

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs, and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XIII. And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of His Majesty and the late Queen Mary of Hefted Memory, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the distilling Brandy and other Spirits from Corn, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines, it was enacted and declared, That it should and might be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, during the Continuance of that Act to make, draw, or

distill, for Sale, or to be retailed, any Low Wines or Spirits from Drink brewed from malted Corn; up on the Encouragement of which said Act many Persons have, at great Charge, setup Works for distill

from Corn, and the said Act being fmce expired be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, who have already setup any Works or Offices, or who shall hereafter setup any Works or Offices for that Purpose, and thereof shall give Notice to the Commissioners of Excise, within ten Days after the erecting such Office or Work, to make, draw, or distill for Sale, or to be retailed, any Low Wines or Spirits from Drink brewed from malted Corn or Cyder, and to rectify and refine any such Spirits of their own making only, paying the Duties, and being subject to all Fines and Penalties as other Distillers are; any Law, Charter, or other thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the Public Credit.

4 w. & M.

6 W. 3. C

7 W. 3. C

3*

5 A 6 W.

.14.

C

& M. '

2 W. & M,

ff.i. ' C

7 U S W.

30

WHEREAS several Persons, as well Natives as Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, did advance and lend, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, very considerable Sums of Money, upon the Security of the several and respective Aids, Revenues, or Funds, herein after mentioned; that is to say, upon the first Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, payable out of Lands and other Things for one Year, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty and the late Queen of blessed Memory, whereby Interest, riot exceeding the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, was allowed for the Sums borrowed in Pursuance thereof; and upon the third Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, payable out of Lands and other Things, for one Year, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and paftbd in the sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, whereby Interest, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, was allowed for the Sums thereby borrowed; and upon the fourth Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, payable out of Lands and other Things, for one Year, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, whereby Interest, not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, is allowed for the Sums borrowed in pursuance thereof; and upon the Monies which were to arise by an Act passed in the Parliament held at Westminster, in the fifth and sixth Years of their said Majesties Reign, whereby a Poll was granted to their Majesties, payable quarterly for one Year; which Moneys were directed to be applied to satisfy the Principal of such Loans; and upon the Moneys which were to arise by the three fourth Parts of the Customs, after Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest of five hundred thousand Pounds charged thereupon by an Act of Parliament in the second Year of their said Majesties Reign; for which Loans so made, and which were intended to be paid out of the three fourths of the Customs, the Lenders were intituled to receive Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum. And whereas the greatest Part of the Moneys solent upon the Aids, Revenues, or Funds, before mentioned, hath been actually satisfied and paid off, but the several Terms, for which the said respective Aids of four Shillings in the Pound, and the said Poll Money, were granted, being determined and expired, and three hundred thousand Pounds per Annum out, of the Revenue of Customs, being appropriated by Act of Parliament to the Satisfaction of other Loans, it doth plainly appear that the several Aids and Funds herein before mentioned are deficient, and could not fully satisfy all the Moneys which were charged thereupon, and the Interest thereof; and for so much as remains unsatisfied, the respective Lenders, their Executors, administrators, and Assigns, have, or are intituled to have, in their Hands, Tallies and Orders of Repayment levied and drawn according to the Forms used in his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the Parliament held at Westminster sin the seventh and eighth Years of His

upon dunnage of Ships and upon Coals, His Majesty was empowered to borrow or take into the Receipt of the Exchequer any Sum or Sums of Money, either upon the Credit of Repayment by Orders to be registered and paid in Course, with Interest after the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, or upon Credit of Bills to be made payable upon Demand, with Interest not exceeding the Rate of threepence per Diem for every one hundred Pounds, so as that the principal Sums, which at any one Time should be due and owing cither upon the said Orders, or upon the said Bills, or both, should not exceed the Sum of two millions five hundred sixty four thousand Pounds; and out of the Moneys to be raised by the Act Just mentioned, it was directed and intended, that the Sums following should be paid and applied, that is to say, the Sum of five hundred and sixty thousand Pounds to discharge Moneys which were lent at the Receipt of Exchequer upon the Security of certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals and Culm (which Duties upon Coals and Culm were taken away by the Act last mentioned) and the Interest thereof, ojfte hundred and forty thousand Pounds to answer and make good the Rates ard

4 ' Duties

C 20.

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo & nono Gujlielmi III

65 1

' Duties of Tunnage upon Ships, from the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six

until the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven (which Duties of Tunnage itp on Ships was also taken away by the same Act) and the further bum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds to answer and make good the Rates and Duties upon Salt, from the said seventeenth Day of May ' one thousand six hundred ninety six, until the said seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, in the Manner therein mentioned; which said l'cvcral Sums of five hundred and llxty thousand Pounds, one hundred and forty thousand Pounds, and one hundred and forty thousand Pounds,

' amounting in the whole to eight hundred and forty thousand Pounds, being taken or fubdufted from the said Surn of two Millions five hundred sixty four thousand Pounds, the Remainder thereof will amount to one Million seven hundred twenty-four thousand Pounds, which is borrowed, or may be boi rowed by His Majesty for the Service of the War against France; and the Person or Persons who have advanced, nr shall advance the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Aflimis, have, or may have,

in their Hands, Tallies, and Orders of Repayment, or Bills for the Sums so advanced, or to be advan ced, which cannot in any reasonable Time lie satisfied out of the said Duties chargeable therewith by the Act List mentioned: And whereas several Persons did advance and lend, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, several other Sums of Adoney, at the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum for Interest,

upon the Credit of two third Parts of the Excise of eighteen Pence per Barrel, and other additional Du ' ties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, w ich were granted to their said Majesties for four

' Years, by an Act of Parliament in the second Year of their Reign, and afterwards continued by a fuh*w.*m. ir.

' sequent Act of Parliament in that Behalf, until the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred L 4 ninety seven, from which Time the same, or the like Duties of Excise, are continued or granted by w. M. ' Act of Parliament for other Uses: And whereas several Persons, as well Natives as Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, have also advanced and lent, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, very conii

Sums of Money upon, the Security of other Aids, Supplies, Impositions, Revenues, or Funds,

C herein after mentioned, that is to say, upon certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Mer chandizes, which were granted to their said Majesties by an Act passed in the Parliament held at West

mhifter, in the fourth and fifth Years of their Reign, to continue until the first Day of March one thou 5 W. & M.

' sand six hundred ninety six, which Act allows Interest after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per An act« man for the Moneys thereby borrowed, and upon certain Duties payable for Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for four Years, which commenced from the twenty-eighth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, by virtue of an Act which passed in the Parliament held at Westm wsler in the fifth and 5 & 6 w. & M. ' sixth Years of the Reign of their said Majesties, whereby there was allowed interest, not exceeding the < n ' Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Moneys lent in pursuance thereof; and upon Credit of a certain yearly Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, payable for five Years, from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety four, out of Moneys atifing by the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Merchandizes exported and imported, by virtue of several Adds of Parliament, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of their said Majesties, wherein a Credit 6 WM. C 1. 4 was given for any Sums, not exceeding one Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to be repaid,

with Interest, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the first three hundred 6 &7 w. 3.

thousand Pounds, six Pounds per Centum per Annum for the second three hundred thousand Pounds, seven C 3*

Pounds per Centilmper Annum for the third three hundred thousand Pounds, and eight Pounds per Centum per Annum for the remaining three hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; and upon Credit of an Act made in the Parliament held at jvejimhifier, in the sixth and seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign, for grant 6 & 7 W. j,

ing certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers, for the Term C 6-

' of five Years, from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety five, whereby Interest, not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, is allowed for the Sums lent in pursuance thereof;

and upon ihe Credit of several Impositions, payable for Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hun tired and one, by virtue of an Act passed in the Parliament, which was held at Westminster, in the seventh 7 & S V 3,

and eighth Years of h's majesty's Reign, whereby a Credit was given for borrowing any Sums, not ex C

one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be repaid with Interest not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the first four hundred thousand Pounds, six Pounds per Centum

per Annum for the second four hundred thousand Pounds, seven Pounds ter Centum per Annum for the third four hundred thousand Pounds, and eight Sounds per Centum per Annum for the remaining three

hundred thousand Pounds: And wheleas a great Part of the Moneys solent, upon the two third Parts of the said additional Duties of Excise, and upon the said additional Impositions payable for Goods and Merchandizes, and upon the said Duties payable fer Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and upon the said ihree hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, charged upon the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and upon the said Duties charged upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors and Widowers, and upon the said continued Impositions payable for Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, Eqjl India Goods, and other Merchandizes^ imported, hath been actually repaid and satisfied with Interest; but by computing fine Product of.

these duties for the Time pall, and considering the Terms yet to come and unexpired in them respectively, it is supposed and feared that the same Duties respectively, at the End of the several Terms for which they are granted as aforesaid, will be more or less deficient to answer, pay off, and clear all the Principal and Interest of the Moneys which were authorised to be borrowed thereupon, and the Persons to the Moneys net paid off upon the Duties last mentioned, have or may have, in their Hands,

Tallies and Orders of Repayment for the same: And whereas several Persons or Corporations did ad vance and lend, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, other considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit cf

4 an Act made in the Parliament held at tvejhr.hijler, in the fourth and fifth Years' of their said Majesties. 4 & 5 WM. Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, and charging several Joint Stocks, C 1*;

4 O a ' wherein

652 C 20. Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

wherein a Credit was given for the borrowing any Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, at Interest not exceeding eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, Part of which Moneys doth still remain un satisfied, and the Persons intituled thereunto have likewise Tallies and Orders of Repayment for the same;

7 &8 W. 3, and pursuant to another Act made and passed in the Parliament held at Westminster, in the seventh and

3° ' eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon Lovj wines or Spi

' rits of the fr! Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Dislillers, and other Per fns chargeable with the Duties of Excise; several other Sums of Money have been lent to His Majesty, not exceeding seventy thousand Pounds, on Credit of the Rates or Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and Sweets, thereby g anted, to be repaid with Interest not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for the first forty thousand Pounds, and seven Pounds per Centum per

8 V 3. C 3. C Annum for the Remainder thereof; and by virtue of the same Act, and of another Act made and passed in this present Session of Parliament to explain the same, the weekly Sum of six thousand poum.s arising

4 by or out of the Hereditary Branch of His Majesty's Revenues of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other LI C quors, and by or out of that Part of the said Revenues of Excise which is granted to His Majesty during His Life (which God preserve) commonly called, The Hereditary and Temporary Excise, and the weekly Sum of six hundred Pounds out of the Money or Revenue from time to time arising in the General Let ter Office or Postoffice, do severally stand charged to pay off and satisfy in Course several Tallies of Pro, or Assignment, or other Tallies in those Acts mentioned, for the Payment whereof Provision is thereby made, together with such several and respective Rates of Interest for the same as are thereby allowed: And whereas by reason of the Deficiencies of several of the Aids, Supplies, Impositions and Duties abovementioned, which have not or will not be sufficient to answer the Principal and Interest charged thereupon, and by reason of the Remoteness of the Course of Payment of the Tallies and Orders charged upon some of them, and upon other the Duties in this Act before mentioned, the Owners of the said Tallies or Orders are frequently necessitated to sell and dispose thereof at great Loss, or at an excess five Discount, whereby the public Credit is very much prejudiced and impaired, and the Trade, and other public and private Affairs within this Realm do exceedingly suffer: And whereas it is computed or eftiinated, That the Deficiencies or Sums, which are or will be wanting to satisfy and pay off all Prin cipal and Interest due or to be due on the deficient Aids, Duties or Funds before mentioned (over and above all Arrears, Landing out upon any of them, which are determined, and over and above all Moneys to be raised by inch of them as are yet unexpired) do or may amount to the Sums following; that is to say. Upon the said first Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, fifty-five thousand six hundred twenty-two Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence; upon the said third Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, four hundred and seven thousand three hundred seventy and two Pounds and threepence; upon the said fourth Aid of four Shillings in the Pound nine hundred and seventeen thousand one hundred and one Pounds, thirteen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny; upon the said quarterly Poll, eighty nine thousand two hundred seventy five Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence; upon the said three Fourth Parts of the Customs, two hundred and thirteen thousand four hundred forty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence; upon the said Act charging Salt, and other Things therein mentioned, one Million seven hundred and eleven thousand and five hundred Pounds; upon the said two Third Parts of the additional Ex 4 cifc, one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds; upon the said additional Impositions payable for Goods and Merchandizes, four hundred fortyfive thousand one hundred seventy seven Pounds seven Shillings and fourpence; upon the said Duties payable upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, two hundred twenty*4 four thousand one hundred and fourteen Pounds seven Shillings eight Pence Halfpenny; upon the said Duties charged upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors and Widowers, six hundred forty and eight thousand Pounds; and upon the said continued Impositions payable for Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, one hundred forty six thousand one hundred eighty one Pounds nineteen Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny; and on the said yearly Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds out of the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, one hundred forty-two thousand six hundred sixty six Pounds seven Shillings threepence and three Farthings, amounting in the whole to the Sum of five Millions one hundred and sixty thousand four hundred fifty and nine Pounds, fourteen Shillings nine Pence one Farthing: 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of england in Parliament assembled, having duly weighed and considered the Premises, and being desirous raise such Aids and Supplies, and to use such proper Methods, as may make good_the said Deficiencies,

and raise the public Credit, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted unto Your Majesty the Supplies, Impositions and other Duties herein after mentioned, foi and during the respective Terms hereafter expressed, and do beseech Your Majesty to accept thereof, and that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, which were given and granted unto His late Majesty King Charles the Second for II Car. 2. C 4. his Life, by an at of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of His Reign, intituled, A Sulftdy granted to the King of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, 6 W. 3, C 7. and which by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, were granted and continued for the Term of five Years, to commence on the six and twentieth Day of December one thousand Tunnage and six hundred ninety four, shall be continued to His Majesty, from the Expiration of the said Term of five Poundage cun Years, until the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred tinued tilt i and six, and no longer; and that the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

Aug. 1706. tjle Second, and every Article, Rule and Clatife therein mentioned, and also an Order of the Commons in By 10 & it W. Parliament assembled, made in pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to the aforesaid Act, for settling

3. c. 21. 27. of Officers Fees, dated the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty two, and signed by Sir

nothing in this Edward

C

20.

653

Edward Turner, tliea Speaker, shall be of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, until the Art (full charge said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, as fully, and in like Manner, as if the same brand/w»h the were particularly and at large recited and let down in the Body of this Act. ujivin' a c '

A\J by II Sc iz W. 3. C so. Duties on Cloth, C exported aic determined.

of the said late King, intituled, An Act sir preventing Frauds, and regulating Alntfcs, in His Majesty's Cuf, 4cai. toms; and also an Act made in the two and twentieth Year of this Reign of the said late King Charles tn. the Second, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of Tillage, anftkhe Breed of Cattle, and also one other u Car. z. C 13. Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the' '

te said

C 6.

19-

King Charles the Second, intituled, 250. An Act for taking off Aliens Duties upon Commodities of the Growth, isoduil, and Manufacture of the Nation; and also one other act made in the said live and twentieth Year of the said late King Charles the Second, 25 Car. intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trades, and allb one other Act made in the first Year of the late King James the Second, in 1 fie. 2. tituled. An additional Ail for the Improvement of Tillage, and all the Clauses and Directions whatsoever contained therein, or in the said Act pafl ed in the sixth Year of the F, eign of His Majesty and the said late 6w. MC, 1. Queen, for granting to them the said Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money upon. Merchandizes exported and imported, be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six.

III. Provided ncveithe]els, and be it. declared and onaftccl, I hat nothing herein contained shall be con chooses in any

trued or taken to determine any Articles or Clauses in any of the last mentioned Acts lierehy enacted to forememioncj be in Force until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, which were appointed ai inteniii: 'i to and intended to be perpetual, or which are continued by any Act of Parliament, for any Time which will to

not expire by or before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six', but that the same, con lnu"

and every of them, shall continue and remain in Force, as if this present Act had not been made: But And such as such of the said Acts, and such Clauses in any of them, as would otherwise determine before the said first would otherwise Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, shall hereby be revived and land, continue, and be in determine, to be Force, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer. revived.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Impositions and Duties upon Duties on wines Wines and Vinegar, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the and vinegar by Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon ail Wines and Vinegar imported between J Jac. 2. C 3. the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one continued until thousand Jix hundred ninety threewhich said Act, by several Acts of Parliament afterwards pnffed, hath, 7°6'

been continued, and is to continue until the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, shall be continued from the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one until the first, Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer; and that the said Act so made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained, for or concerning the said Imposition on Wines and Vinegar, shall continue and be of full Force and effect, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and shall be applied, practised and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, answering and paying the said Duties upon Vvine and Vinegar hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said Act of the first Year of King James the Second contained, had been again repeated in this Act, and particularly enacted.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties and Impositions upon all Sorts of Tobacco, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the

four and twentieth Day of June one thousandjix hundred eighty-five, and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety three; which said Act, as for and concerning the said Duties and, Impositions upon Tobacco only, was by several Acts of Parliament afterwards made, continued, and is to continue to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, shall be continued from the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one until the said first Day of August, which shall be in the \ ear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty upon Duty.

Tobacco, which shall be imported during the Term hereby granted, hall be secured, collected, raised, 10 be paid ac levied, answered and paid to His Majesty, in such Method, and with such Discount and Allowances, and cording to the according to such Rules and Directions, as are mentioned, referred to, or prescribed, as to the Duties or^of7&s Impositions upon Tobacco, in and by the said Act made in the Parliament held in the seventh and eighth' 3' C 0' Years of His Majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Aits upon

Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco and east-india Goods and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the.

War against Franee) and not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional and other Rates, Additional Du impositions, Duties, and Charges, upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an Act tics on Goods made in the second Year of their said Majesties Reign (entitled. An Act for granting to their Majesties cer end merchan tain Impositions upon all east-india Goods and Manufactures, anil upon all wrought Silks, and several other p'z w goods and Merchandizes, to be imported after the five and tiuenticth Day of December me thousand six hundred, nt; nu and ninety) and which thereby, and by several other Acts afterwards passed, were to have Continuance, and t a,

are to continue until the nine, and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, shall

'be

1 Jac. 2. C 4,

/ on Tebaeco

C 20.

Anno octavo & Guglielmi III

o1 her als continued.

Exception.

7 & 8 W. 3. C 10.

Additional im jotitions on Goods and Merchandizes. by Sc 5 W. & M. C 5. continued until 1706.

4 & 5 W. & M.

C 5- f. Lapis calamina ris exported, to pay only 2 s. per Tun over and above the Rate in the Book of Rates.

Bar or hammered Iron imported from Ireland discharged of the additional Duties.

Provisions continued concerning these Impositions.

5 & 6 W, & M. c. 21.

Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, continued until 1706.

See the Note o n 5 & 6 W. Sc M. C 21.'.

A.D. 1697.

be further continued from the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one until the said first Day of Attgnji, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer: And that the said Act made in the second Year of their said Majesties Reign, concerning East India Goods and other Things therein charged, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and eft eft, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said respective Duties hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, had been again repeated and enacted particularly, except' oni^as to fijeh Part of the said Acts concerning the said Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, touching which other Provisions or Alterations are made by any Act or acts of Parliament now in being, which other Provisions or Alterations are to be observed, and to continue during the Continuance of this Act, and the said Act, intituled, an Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tcbaceo, and Fall India Goods and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the jvar against France, and every Article, Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, for the raising, levying, securing, answering, and paying the Impositions and Duties on the Merchandizes and Commodities thereby charged, and which are by this Act continued, shall be of full Force and Effect until the said first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional and other Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Charges, upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth and fifth Years of their said jviajcflies Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for prosecuting the present War against France, and which were thereby to have Continuance, from the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-two to the first Day of March one thousand LIX hundred ninety six, shall be continued from the last Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety six to the said first Day of August, which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer; and that the faitl Act last mentioned, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, as herein after is excepted and provided, as for and concerning the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August owe. thousand seven hundred and six, and shall be applied, pratfifed, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, had been again repeated and enacted in this Act particularly.

IX. And whereas by the said Act passed in the fourth Year of their Majesties Reign, for granting the said additional Impositions on Goods and Merchandizes, the Sum of twenty Shillings is imposed on every Tun of Lapis Calaminaris exported, which was found by Experience to hinder the Exportation thereof, C and utterly to ruin the Manufactureit is therefore hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of the said additional Impositions, the Sum of two Shillings only shall be paid for every Tun of Lapis Calaminaris, exported, over and above the Rates thereon charged by the Book of Rates, to be collected as in and' by the said Act is directed and appointed; anything in this or the last mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas the Scarcity and Dearness of Iron in this Kingdom have of late much discouraged the Manufactures thereof, in which great Numbers of the Poor are employedbe it therefore further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to import into this Kingdom from Irelandany Bar Iron unwrought, and Iron slit or hammered into Rods (other than Sivedish of other foreign Iron) discharged of the Impositions and Duties laid upon the same by this or the said Act for granting the said additional Impositions; anything in this or the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, That in all Cases where any other Provision or Alteration is made, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, in or about any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Parliament for the Impositions last mentioned, such other Provisions or Alterations shall he observed during the Continuance of the 'Perm hereby granted in the same Impositions; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties granted to their said Majesties, by an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of their Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for four Tears, towards carrying on the War against France, and which were thereby to commence from and after the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety four, shall be, and are hereby continued after the Expiration of the said Term of four Years, until the first Day of August, which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six; and that the said Act, and all Powers, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of au gust one thousand seven hundred and six, and shall he applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, 'according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, had been again repeated and enacted in this Act particularly.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases where any further or other Provision, or any Alteration, is made by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, in relation to the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, such other Provisions or Alterations shall he observed

Proviso,

C 20. 655

served and complied with during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted in the same Duties; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Duties on Mar sums of Money, granted to His Majesty, by an Act passed in the sixth and seventh Years of His Reign, riages, Births, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Hates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and butia/s, iua: ls' brand upon Bachelors, and Widowers, for the Derm of five Years, for carrying on the War against France with^.

'Vigour, and which were thereby to commence from the fijft Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety u'mii os. five, shall be, and are hereby continued from and after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years, une X still the said first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer, and shall be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid unto Elis Majesty, in though same Manner and Form, and by such rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in the same Ad: for raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the same, and which were thereby prescribed for the four last Years of the Term thereby granted; and that the said recited Act last mentioned, and every Article, Rule, and Clause, therein mentioned, as for and concerning the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, shall continue and be in full Force to the said first Day of au gujl one thousand seven hundred and six, as fully and amply as if the same were particularly recited, expressed, and enacted in the Body of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Duties on Hou

Sums of Money, granted by an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, in fes by 7 & s

tituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty fveral Rates or Duties on Houses, for making good the Deficiency w 3- cof

the clipped Money, and which were thereby to continue for and during the Term of seven Years, from 111, 1

the five and twentieth Day A March 011c thousand six hundred ninety six, shall be, and are hereby continued,

from and after the Expiration of the said Term of seven Years, until the sail first Day of August, zo Geo. 2. c. 3.

which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer; and shall be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid unto His Majesty, in the same Manner and Form, and by

+such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in the same Act for raising, collecting, levying, answering, and paying the same, and which were thereby prescribed for the six last Years of the Term thereby granted; and that the same Act, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Elaufes, therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties thereby continued, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, had been again repeated in this Act, and particularly enacted.

XVI. And for the better ascertaining and collecting the said several Rates and Duties upon Marriages, The Kin" may Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors, and Widowers, and the said several Rates and Duties upon appoint Officers Houses; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Eleirs and Successors, for surveying the from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, from time Duties on mar to time to give Directions for constituting and appointing such Person or Persons, as His Majesty, His fo/mi Heirs and Successors, shall think meet, to be the Officer or Officers for the Survey and Inspection of the i)rn, windows Rates and Duties arising upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors, and Widowers, and in each House of the Register or Registers of all such Marriages, Births, and Burials, within the several Counties of Eng not assisted at land. Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and also of the Duties arising upon Houses j°s. within the same, and for viewing and numbring the several Windows in each House .(not already ailefied at Ret the Rate of ten Shillings) and for the inspecting and examining the Assessments, or Certificates thereof^ofmarf'* made and to be made from time to time in pursuance of the said Acts for granting the said Rates or Duties, riages, cor

any other Thing belonging to the same: Which Officers, or any of them, mall have full Power to examine and supervise the Register and Registers of ail Marriages, Births, and Burials, and of the assessments of the same, and the Assessments of the Windows rated in every Parish and Place, as aforesaid, and to take Copy or Copies, or Extracts of such Register and Assessments, and at seasonable Times, with a Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Officers of the respective Parishes or Places within the several Counties of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, who are hereby re and the aficir f quired to assist accordingly, to view and examine whether there be any more Windows (in Houses not rated meats of win ten Shillings) than is certified and rated in such Assessment, and shall have Liberty to make like View, do"sj tajje Examination, and Inspection, twice in the Year at the least, during the Continuance of the said several vi<n*\7vicev .* Duties by. this or the said former Acts for granting the same; and if upon or after such View, or Exami Year, nation and Inspection of the Registers and Assessments, as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers shall find that any Person or Premises are underrated, or not rated and charged as by the said Acts or either of them are directed and appointed, such Officer or Officers shall certify the same to the Commissioners, or any two or more of them, within the Division, Elundred, Parish, or Place, wherein such Neglect or Failure shall happen to be, which said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and are hereby required to cauib. such Rate or Rates to be set upon every such Person and Premises, as shall be according to the true Intent. and Meaning of the said Acts, and either of them.

XVII. And whereas Bachelors and Widowers that are Servants in Husbandry, by their frequent Re ' inovals are returned as Fugitives, and escape the Payment of the Duties to which they are liable by the Duty for Seri

' said Act Be it further enacted, That the Duty or Duties wherewith such Servant or Servants shall be 'ants m Hu charged, shall from time to time be paid by the Master or Mistrei's of such Servant, and be deducted out V j) of his, her, or their Wages; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. CI

XVIII. And be it also enacted and declared, That where any House shall be inhabited by two or more House inhabit --

i1 amilies, CD by two Fa -

C

20,

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697

milies, to pay as one.

Edifices in Inns of Court, C to p3y for Windows as if an entire House,

House committed to a Servant, to pay as if inhabited.

Stock of the Bank of England to be enlarged by new Subscriptions.

Stock of the Bank to be computed.

Old and new Members to settle the Capital Stock,

or else Lord

Keeper to adjust the same.

Capital Stock to be made up 1, 200, 0001. and the Overplus divided.

12 & 13 W. 3.

C 12. §. 14.

The King may appoint of to take subscrip tietts.

Commissioners to provide Books for Subscriptions,

Any Persons may subsci ibe Money for enlarging the Capital Stock. Subscriptions how to be answered and made good.

Families, such House shall nevertheless be subject to, and hall in like Manner pay the Rates and Duties charged on Houses by the said Act, as if such House were inhabited by one Family only.

XIX. And be it also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Edifice in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Person or Persons, hall be subject to the same Rates and Duties for though Number of Windows therein, as if it were an entire House; and every House whereof the keeping only is committed or left to the Care or Charge of any Person or Servant, who doth not pay to the Church and Poor, hall be subject to the like Rates and Duties for the Windows therein, as if it were inhabited by the Occupier or by a Tenant, and to be paid by the respective Occupiers or Tenants of the same.

XX. And for the better restoring of the Credit of the Nation, and advancing the Credit of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Common Capital and Principal Stock of the said Governor and Company shall be augmented and enlarged by the voluntary new Subscriptions of all such Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be willing to subscribe any Sum or Sums of Money into the said present Common Capital and Principal Stock, and to answer and make good the same, in Manner as herein after is appointed.

XXI. And for the better settling and adjusting the Right and Property of each Member of the present Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, before any such Enlargement as aforesaid be made thereunto; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the four and twentieth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety seven, the Common, Capital, and Principal Stock of the said Governor and Company shall be computed and estimated by the Principal and Interest owing to them from the King, or any others, and by Calli or by any other Effects, whereof the said Capital Stock ball then really confill, over and above die Value of the Debts which they shall owe at the same Time for Principal or Interest to any other Person or Persons whatsoever; Computation shall be made and settled by seven of the present Members of the said Corporation, to be elected for that Purpose at the General Court of the old Members, and by seven of the new Subscribers, to be nominated and elected by the major Part of such new Subscribers, who are hereby authorised to meet at any Time within ten Days after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, to make such Election: And in case the said Members and Subscribers ball not settle the same before the said four and twentieth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety seven, then the Value of the said Capital Stock shall be finally settled and adjusted by the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, or by the Lord Chancellor, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the time being, who have hereby Power to settle and adjust the same, at any Time before the four and twentieth Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety and seven; in case by such Settlement or Adjustment of the Value of the said Stock it hall appear, that the same doth not amount to twelve hundred thousand Pounds, then the Members of the said Corporation, being Owners thereof, hall and are hereby obliged, at their own proper Cost and Charge, to contribute so much as will completely make the said Capital Stock twelve hundred thousand Pounds, which Contribution shall or may be made either in their own particular Tallies and Orders, or in Bank Bills or Notes, whereunto they shall be respectively intituled; and in case the Value of the said Capital Stock, upon such Adjustment to be made, hall exceed twelve hundred thousand Pounds, that then the Sum so exceeding twelve hundred thousand Pounds be divided amongst thee who shall be the old Members of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, according and in Proportion to their respective Interests at that Time.

XXII. And for the better pursuing the End and Intent of this Act, in taking the sail Subscriptions, and for the greater Eai'e and Convenience of all His Majesty's Subjects, and others, who shall be willing to make such Subscriptions; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as His Majesty hall appoint by Gommifllon under the Great Seal of England, or any seven or more of them, hall be and are hereby authorised and appointed to be Commissioners to take all such voluntary Subscriptions as shall be made, on or before the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, by or far any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, or by or for anybody Politic or Corporate, in the said Capital and Principal Stock of the present Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Manner as hereafter in this Act is appointed: I dhich Commissioners are hereby ordered and directed, on or before the fecund Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, to provide and prepare one or more convenient House or Houses within the Cities of London and Westminster, or o le of them, to be the public Office or Place, Offices or Places, to which all or any Persons hail or may resort, for the making of the said Subscriptions, and to give such public Notice thereof, as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think will most conduce to the promoting the said Subscriptions; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed, on or before the said second Day of A pill, to provide or cause to be provided, one or more Book or Books made of Vellum or Parchment, for the said Subscriptions to be made therein; which Book or Books shall lie open every Day in the Week (Sundays only excepted) at the said public Office or Offices from the said second Day of April to the said four and twentieth Day of June, daily, and from the Hour of Eight to the Hour of Twelve in the Morning, and from the Hour of Three to the Hour of Seven in the Afternoon of each Day.

XXIII. And for the better encouraging the said Subscriptions to be made; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Day of April it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, by an J for themselves, or any of them, or by themselves or any of them in Trust for any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of them, freely to subscribe any Sum or Sums of Money into the Capital and Principal Stock of the said present Governor and Company, in order to the augmenting and enlarging thereof as aforesaid; said Subscriptions at the respective Times of making the same, hall be answered and.

3 made

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III

C 20,

657

A.D. 1697.

made good by the respective Subscribers thereof to the said Capita] an i Principal Stock of the faitl present Governor and Company, in the Manner and Proportion following (that is to say) four fifth Parts of each respective and particular Subscription (the Value of the said whole Subscriptions into five equal Parts being divided) shall be answered and made good to the said Capital and Principal Stock of the said present Governor and Company, by aligning to them the Principal and Interest vmcreunto fuel) Subscribeis reflectively shall be then really intitl d by Tallies of Loan and Orders of Repayment, or by 'J'allies of Pro or Alignment, for Moneys which were lent or advanced, or are or shall be charged as aforesaid, upon some of the Aids, Supplies, Revenues, Impositions, or other Funds herein after mentioned, and by delivering up at the same Time to the said Governor and Company, the Tallies and Orders so assigned; that is to say.

Upon the said first Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, the said third Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, the said fourth Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, the said quarterly Poll, the said three fourth Parts of the Customs, the said al for continuing the Duties upon Salt and other Things, or upon the said two third Parts of the additional Excise, or upon the said additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, or upon the said Duties payable for Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or upon the said yearly Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, payable out of the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, or upon the said Duties charged upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors and Widowers, or upon the said continued 7 & 8 w. j, Impositions payable for Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, or other Merchandise imported, or C 10. upon the said Act for continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, and charging Joint Stocks, or upon the said Duties payable for Low Wines, Spirits and Sweets, or which are or shall be charged upon the said weekly Sum of six thousand Pounds, issuing out of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, or upon the said weekly Sum of six hundred Pounds, issuing out of the Revenue of the Poll Office, and the other fifth Part of each of the said Subscriptions shall be answered and made good to the said Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company in Bank Bills or Banknotes, which have so much Money bona fide resting due thereupon, as the said one fifth Part of the said respective Subscriptions shall fully amount to.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said four and twentieth day ofjw; r, and Bank tn silow until such Tallies and Orders so subscribed, assigned and brought into the Bank, shall he actually paid oft' Si. percent, on and discharged, an Interestof eight Pounds per Centum ter Annum shall be allowed and paid for all the Prill Tallies brnuaht cipal which shall be due upon, or secured by the said 'I allies or Orders so subscribed, assigned and brought xw inapalb* in; and where an Interest of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum is not already granted by Parliament for pa; j ott; the same, or any of them, there shall be allowed so much as will complete and make up the said Interest of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the respective Funds and Provisions by this Act granted.

XXV. And in regard the said Governor and Company are to accept one fifth Part of the said Sub ani receive 81.

feriptions in Bank Bills or Banknotes, and are already possessed of several Tallies or Orders charged percent, inter upon the Aids or Funds before mentioned, to a much greater Value than the said fifth Part in Bank Bills pg^ofth/suh or Banknotes will amount to It is hereby further enacted, That the Interest payable to the said Go - fciiptiorauntif vernor and Company of the Bank of England upon so many of the said Tallies or Orders, whereof the paid off.'Principal shall be equal to the Amount of the said fifth Part to be subscribed in Bank Bills or Banknotes, After subscrip shall be augmented and raised to the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Lid four and uonscompleat twentieth Day of June, until the same shall be actually paid off and discharged; the said Governor and ei; ver" scj1ret Company, after the said Subscriptions shall be completed, delivering to the Auditor of the Receipt of Ex duk of the tal chequer a Schedule fairly written in Parchment, and signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor, contain lies, leto the ing the Tallies and Orders, not to exceed as aforesaid, whereupon they hall desire their Interest to be so Auditorof ex augmented to the said Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said Rate of eight Pounds per clleiiuer centum per Annum hull be payable to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, out of the respective Funds or Provisions by this Act made or granted for that Purpose; several Acts of Parliament by which the said Funds are settled, or any of them, or any Clause, Proviso, Matter or Thing, in them.or any of them contained, or any other Ail, Law, Statute, Usage or Cullom whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons, Subscribers ts Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall so subscribe, or for whom such subscriptions shall be made, to the said Capital Stock of the present Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng at°evwith°the* land by virtue of this Act, and who shall answer and make good their said Subscriptions in the Proportion present gover of Tallies, Orders, Bank Bills, and Banknotes as aforesaid, and the Executors, Administrators, sue nor and compa cefi ors or Assigns of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate as aforesaid, having any Title or ny, C Interest under any of the Subscribers by virtue of this Act, at the Time of closing or shutting up of the said intended Book or Books of Subscriptions, on the said four and twentieth Day of June, shall immediately, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, be and shall he deemed and reputed to be Members of, united to, and incorporated with the present Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, and shall at all Times from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, together. with the present Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, be and be con reputed, accepted and taken to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and by the same Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall have a perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, purchase, receive, possess, enjoy, and retain to them and their Successors, Lands, P, ents, Tenements and Hereditaments, of what Kind, Nature, or Quality soever; and also to sell, grant, demise, aliene, or dispose of the same, and by the same Name to sue and implead, he sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, in Courts of Record, of any other Place whatsoever, and to do and execute all and Angular other Matters and Things, by the Name aforesaid, that

V CL m. <- p to

After 1710. Bank to cease upon Repayment of several Sums mentioned.

5 & 6 YV. & M. C 20

thisciause repealed by 7 ^nn^c. 7. §.5.

During the Continuance of the Bank of England, no other to be established.

By 6 Anna?, C 22. §9. this Keftvaint extended to all Per Tonnes above the Number of six.

Interest on Tallies or Orders to be taken as so much principal Money.

Alignments of Ordeis to be registered before Subscription, or cot to be allowed.

Bank may bor jnw any Sum above the 3, 200, 0001< not exceeding ihc Sum subscribed.

In Default of Payment Bills to be paid at the Exchequer, out of Money due to the Bank.

Bills made for above

I200, 0001. to be expressed and distinguished*

C 20. Anno otflavo & nono G u L 1 e L m 1 Ilk A.D. 1697.

to them shall or may appertain to do; subject nevertheless to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption herein after mentioned.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That at any Time upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August, which final I be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds mentioned in the said Act, intituled, An Act for gi anting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Dunnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand. Pounds towards carrying on the War again, fl France, unto the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England hereby eonllituted and made, and of all Arrears of the one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, by virtue of the said recited Act, and also upon Payment of all the Principal and Interest Moneys which shall be owing to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, hereby established, upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company shall have remaining in their Hands, or be intituled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, then and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Payment of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and also the said Corporation, by this and the said former Act established, shall cease and determine; anything herein contained in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, no other Bank, or any other Corporation, Society, Fellowship, Company, or Constitution, in the Nature of a Bank, shall be erected or established, permitted, buffered, countenanced, or allowed by Act of Parliament within this Kingdom.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Interest due on such Tallies or Orders, which shall be so as aforesaid brought into the Bank, upon the said intended Subscription?, by virtue of this Act, being computed from the time to which interest.bath been actually Fatisiled thereupon; to the End of the last preceding Quarter of a Year, next before the Day appointed for beginning of such Subscriptions, shall be accepted, taken, or allowed by the faij Commissioners, upon the taking the said Subscriptions, as so much Principal Money fulferibed and paid into the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company; and that all Alignments of Orders on all such Tallies, as shall be so brought in upon the said Subscriptions, shall, before the making of such Subscriptions, be registered in the Exchequer, by the proper Owner or Owners thereof; and in Default or Neglect of such registring as aforesaid, the said Tallies or Orders, so unregiftred, shall not be accepted or taken, nor any Subscription be allowed or permitted in respect of the same, until such Orders shall be first duly registered, as aforesaid.

XXX. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Ditties upon Dunnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors,

' for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as j, hall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen' hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, ir is en acted among other Things, That the said Corporation, to be made in pursuance of the said Directions of the said recited Act, should not borrow, or give Security, by Bill, Bond, Covenant, or Agreement, uiv der their Common Seal, for any more, further, or other Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the whole the Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, so that they should not owe at any one Time more than the said Sum und r their Common Seal, unless it be by Act of Parliament upon Funds agreed in Parliament and in such Case only such further Sums as should be so directed and allowed to be borrowed by Parliament, and for such Time only, until they should be repayed such further Sums as they should bor row by such Authority; and if any more, or further, or other Sum or Sums of Money should be borrowed,

taken up, lent, or advanced, under their Common Seal, or for Payment of which any Bill, 'Bond,

' Covenant, or Agreement, or other Writing, should be made, sealed. given, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, then, and in such Case, all and every Person and Persons, who should be a ' Member or Members of the said Corporation, his and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Admini ftrntors, should in his and their respective private and personal Capacities, be chargeable with and liable,

' in Proportion for their several Shares or Subscriptions, to the Repayment of such Moneys which should te so borrowed, taken up, or lent, with Interest for the same, as in and by the said recited Act, among.

' other Things, may appear be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, to borrow or give Security, by Bills or Agreement, under their Common Seal, for any Sum or Sums of Money (over and above the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds mentioned in the said recited Act) so as the same exceed not the Value of the Sum which shall be subscribed by virtue of this Act. Provided the said Governor and Company do oblige themselves in their said Bills, by them to be given out, to answer and pay the Money therein mentioned upon Demand. And in Default of such Payment demanded at the Bank, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, and the Default thereof being proved by an Affidavit made in Writing before the Barons of the Exchequer, or any one of them, be it enacted, That all such Bills, over and above the said twelve hundred thousand Pounds, be answered and paid at the Exchequer, out of the first Money which shall be due or payable at that Receipt to the said Governor and Company (other than their laid yearly fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum) and the said Governor and Company are hereby required in the making forth of the said Bills for any Sum, being ever and above the said twelve hundred thousand Pounds, to express the same to be made by virtue of this Act, and otherwise to distinguish the same from all their said Debts contained within the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds; anything contained in the said recited Clause, or in the said recited Act, or any other act', Law, Statute, Usage or Ctiftom, to the contrary' thereof in any wise notwithstanding

C 20. 659

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Common, Capital, and Principal Stock, and also the real Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Profit or Produce to be made thereof, or arising thereby, or the particular Share, Part, and interest of any Member of the said Corporation in the said Stock or Fund, or the Profit or Produce to be made thereof, or arising thereby, shall be, and is hereby exempted from any Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or Impositions whatsoever, during the Continuance of the said Bank.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the completing of the said Subscriptions to be taken by virtue of this Add, the growing Intereid of all the Tallies and Orders brought in by virtue of the said Subscriptions, till the Principal thereon shall be paid off, and the said Principal it leif, so fafd as the same shall be received, together with the said yearly Payment of one hundred thousand Pounds ter Annum, payable to the present Governor and Company by virtue of the said recited Act, and all the Profit, Benefit, and Advantage, from time to time arising out of the Management of the said Corporation, from and after the completing the said Subscriptions, shall be applied to the Uses of all the Members of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, rateably and in Proportion to each member's Part, Share, and Intercfd in the Common, Capital, and Principal Stock of the said Governor and Company hereby established.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven, the Eftat?, Interefd, and Stock of the Money of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of each and every particular Member thereof, shall be, and be adjudged, taken, and accepted, in Construction of Law, by all Judges in all Courts of Law and Justice, and in all Courts and Places whatsoever within this Realm, to be a personnl, and not a real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possess ed thereof, or intituled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; anything contained in the said act of Parliament for erecting the Bank, or in any other Act, or any other Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And for preventing of clandestine or fraudulent Bargains or Dealings in Bank Stock for the future; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no Promise, Contract, Bargain, Covenant, or Agreement, made either byword of Mouth, or in Writing, for the buying or selling of any Bank Stock, or for the transferring, changing, or altering, the Property thereof, either in Trust, or otherwise, however it be, shall be good or valid in Law or Equity, or adjudged to be legal, obligatory, or binding to cither or any of the Parties making the same, or concerned therein, or for whose Use or Account the same is or shall be made, unless such Promise, Contract, Bargain, Covenant, or Agreement, shall be actually registered in Words at Length, in the Book or Books of the Bank, by the Officer there thereunto appointed, within seven Days, and actually transferred within fourteen Days next after the making of such Promise, Contract!, Bargain, Covenant, or Agreement.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act, Matter, or Thing, Adds, Matters, or Things already done, or hereafter to be done, by the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or by their successors, or by the Court of Directors of the said Corporation, or by any Subcommittee appointed or to be appointed by the said Corporation, hall forfeit or subject, or make liable to Forfeiture, the particular, private, and personal Estate, interest, Stock, and Pro

Kos any Member of the said Corporation; but that notwithstanding any Act or Acts, Matter or ers, Thing or Things, done or to be done by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or by the said cou't of Directors, or Sub committees, as aforesaid, the Estate, Stock, interest and Property, with the whole Proceed, Benefit, Profit, and Advantage thereof, belonging to each and every Member of the said whole Corporation, and his particular Right, Claim, and Title thereunto, and to every Part thereof, shall be and remain unforfeited, untouched, whole, safe, and entire, to the proper Use and Benefit of each and every of the said Members, subject nevertheless to the Payment of all just Debts contracted by the said Corporation; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

e XXX

VI. And whereas of late diverse Frauds and Cheats have been put upon the Governor and Com ', pany of the Bank at England, by the altering, forging, and counterfeiting, of the Bank Bills, and Bank Notes of the said Governor and Company, and by the rnfing and altering Indorsements thereupon, to the great Decay of Credit: 'For redressing the same for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the forging or counterfeiting the Common Seal of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company, or of any sealed Bank Bill, made or given out in the Name of the said Governor and Company, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or of any Bank Note of any Sort whatsoever, signed for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the altering or rafing any Endorsement on any Bank Bill or Note of any Sort, shall be, and.is hereby declared and adjudged to bfe Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer for the time being, and all Tellers, Receivers, and officers whatever, in the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall from time to time for ever hereafter keep just and true Accounts, in a Book or Books fairly written, of all Moneys coming to their and every of their Hands, which are or shall be appropriated, belonging, due, or owing to the said.governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the same shall from time to time come into the Receipt of Exchequer, or shall come to their several Hands, either on account of the yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the said Governor and Company by virtue of the said Act of Parliament for erecting the Barik, or on Account of any Parliamentary Funds, on the Credit of which the said Governor and Company already have, or shall hereafter have lent or advanced any Sum of Money, hr oil Account of the Principal Moneys or Interests due of to be due

Bank Stock and Inter it ft thereof exempted from Taxes.

Growing interifton Tallies, ami the yearly Fund, C ip plied to the Use of all Members of the Corporation in Proportion to their Shares.

Bank Stock to be a Personal, and not a Real Estate,

and /hajl go to the Executors, and not to the Heir.

No Contrafh for buying or selling Bank Stock to be good, till registered in the Bank Books.

No at of the Corporation to subject the particular Share of any Member to Forfeiture.

Felony to forge or counterfeit the Common Seal or any Bank Note, C*.

of Exchequer to keep true Accounts uf all Moneys due to the Bank,

on account of the yearly or other Funds

Payments to be auade in Course.

Moneys arising by the several Acts following to make good Deficiencies of Turin age and Poundage, Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, See,

Additional portions. Vellum, Parchment, and Paper Marriages, Births, and Burials.

Rates on Houses,

7 & 8 W. 3.

C Of

7 & 8 W. 3. C 18,

3.

Anno octavo & none Guglielmi 111. A.D. 1697.

to the said Governor and Company on any Tallies to them belonging, to which Books the said Governor and Company, their Assigns, Agents and Servants, shall have free Access, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, without any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same, to inspect, search, examine, and copy out of the said Books, as they shall think fit; which said Auditor of the Receipt shall from time to time duly direct the said Orders, and die Clerk of the Pells shall record the same, and the Tellers in the Receipt of the Exchequer shall duly make Payment thereupon, in their due Course, without Delay, to the said Governor and Company, their Agents, Servants and Assigns; and if any such Auditor, Teller, Receiver or Officer of the Exchequer for the time being, shall either neglect or refuse to keep such Accounts, or to direct, record, or make such Payments in due Course and Order, as are herein before required, or shall delay or put off the Payment thereof, or divert or misapply any of the Moneys so as aforesaid or any otherwise due or belonging to the said Governor and Company, in such Case he or they so offending re spefilively, for any such Offence shall forfeit his or their Places, and be ever afterwards uncapable of enjoying any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and also shall be liable to pay double the Value of any Sum or Sums so delayed to be paid, or so diverted ormifapplied as aforesaid, to the said Governor and Company, or to any Person or Persons grieved thereby, and who will sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster, by any action of Debt or on the Case, to be framed and founded on this act, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege of Parliament, or any other Privilege shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall arise and be brought into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Merchandizes therewith continued by this Act from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, until the said firjft Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the said Impositions or Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, wrought Silks, and other Duties, therewith continued by this Act from the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the said additional and other Rates, Duties, Impositions and Charges upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes by this Act continued from the last Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety six, to the said first day of Augifil one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by this Act continued from the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the said Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers hereby continued from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the said several Rates or Duties upon Houses, by this at continued from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, until the said first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and all the Moneys (if any such be) which from and after the full Payment and Satisfaction of the Sums of Money, not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the said act passed in the Parliament held in the seventh and eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for continuingseveral Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco and east-india Goods and other A'lerchandtzes imported, for carrying on the War against France, and the Interest thereof, shall arise and be brought into the Exchequer, of or for the said Impositions or Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, wrought Silks, and other Goods, thereby granted or continued until the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one; and all the Moneys, which from and after the Satisfaction of the Principal Sums, not exceeding seven thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence, borrowed upon the said act made in the Parliament held in the seventh and eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for granting to His Majestyseveral Rates or Duties upon Houses for making good the Deficiency of the dipped Money, and the Interest thereof, and after that all the Bills signed by the Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mints, for the Reward after the Rate of sixpence per Ounce for every Ounce of Sterling Silver proceeding from wrought Plate, Vessels, or any other manufactured Silver, brought into any of His Majesty's Mints between the fourth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety ifx, and the fourth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety six, shall be fully paid off' and satisfied, shall arise and be brought into the Exchequer, of or for the said Rates or Duties upon Houses, granted by the said act for seven Years, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six; and all the Moneys, which from and after the full Payment and Satisfaction of the Sums of Money, not exceeding one Million seven hundred twenty-four thousand Pounds, borrowed or to be borrowed as Service of the War, upon Credit of the said act passed in the Parliament held in the

Money not divert itsie.'

and for taking off the Duties upon Tunnage of Skips anil Vessels, and upon Coals, and after the Interest thereof shall also be satisfied, shall arise and be brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, of and for the said Duties' upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and upon Tobacco Pipes, and other the Duties thereby granted or continued.to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall he and are hereby declared to be the General Fund, for making good the particular Funds before in this act expressed or computed to be deficient, and are and shall be appropriated, issued and applied, for and towards the making good of the said Deficient Funds, by the Payment and Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest due and to grow due thereupon, in such Manner and Form, and according to such Rules and Methods, as are hereafter in this act prefefibed aitd directed shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use. or Purpose whatsoever, until all the said Principal and Interest shall be fully satisfied and paid off.

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III.

C 20. 661

XXXIX. And to the end all the Moneys which shall arise and be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the several Duties, Impositions and Revenues, which are hereby appropriated for making good of the Deficient Funds, and are before in this Act particularly enumerated and declared to be the general Fund for that Purpose, may be duly issued and applied for and towards the Payment and Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest, due and to grow due upon the said Funds hereby declared or computed to be deficient, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that the Moneys by this Act appropriated for that Purpose, may not be diverted or applied to any other Use than is hereby intended; Be it Monies arising further enacted and provided, That so much of the Moneys of the said general Fund hereby appropriated as s.s Juhne aforesaid, as shall arise and be brought into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, at any Time or Times be p^sti's u fore the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousandlix hundred ninety-eight, as well for the said Duties Houses, after upon Houses (after the said Principal Moneys, not exceeding seven thousand three hundred eighty-two Payment of Pounds, eleven Shillings, and fourpence, and the Interest thereof, and the said Reward of sixpence an 7>3sjl 11 = Ounce for Silverihall be satisfiedj as also for the said Additional, and other Rates, Duties, Impositions and Charges upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes by this Act continued from the last Day of February ^, ti0na°rates* one thousand six hundred ninety six, shall be issued and applied for and towards the Payment and Satisfac on merchan tion of the Interest due or to grow due (as well to the Bank of England, as to any other Person or Persons dwes, C con that are or shall beintirledto Interest) of or for the Loans that are or shall be remaining unsatisfied, which tinunt) by this were made upon, or direted to be repaid out of the said first Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, and the 'V*' tol"a»ls?[ said third Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, and the said fourth Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, and 0i)eth" % the said quarterly Poll, and the said three fourth Parts of the Customs, and the said two third Parts of the and 4th, 4s.'additional Excise, and such additional Impositions and Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, as were grant Aids, quarterly ed by the said Act, ending on the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six; and that out of pcb the same Moneys so arising and brought into the Exchequer, at any Time or Times before the said eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall receive so much as will make up their Part of the Interest out after ihe Rate of of the Funds last mentioned, to be after the Rate of eight tounds/w Centum per Annum, as well for such^Tallies and Orders charged on those Funds as shall lie subscribed and brought into the Bank as afore 1 said, as for other their rallies and Orders on those particular Funds, whereof the Interest is to be augmented to the said Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Moneys so arising, and being brought into the said interest how to Receipt of Exchequer at any Time or Times before the said eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand be satisfied. six hundred ninety-eight, as is before mentioned, shall not be sufficient to satisfy all the Interest which in the mean Time shall grow due to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to all other Persons intituled to Interest out of the Funds last mentioned, that then the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall cause the Moneys that shall so arise and be brought in at any Time or Times before the said eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to be distributed and applied, so far as it will extend, to and for the Payment of the said Interest upon the Funds last mentioned, so that a proportionable Part thereof shall be issued for Interest upon each of those Funds, according and in Proportion to the Sum of all the Principal Money that shall then remain due thereupon

XLI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if the Moneys so arising, and being brought into the said Overplus to be Receipt of Exchequer, at any Time or Times before the said eight and twenti.'th Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, as is before mentioned, shall be sufficient to satisfy all the Interest, which in the 'e nner: i mean Time shall grow due to the said Governor and Company, and all others intituled to Interest out of the Funds last mentioned, with an Overplus, that then the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall cause the said Overplus Moneys so arising, and being brought in at any Time or Times before the said eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to be distributed and applied, so far as it will extend, to and for the Payment of the Principal Moneys owing upon the Funds last mentioned and enumerated, so that a proportionable Part thereof shall be issued for Principal upon each of those Funds, according and in Proportion to the Sum (whether it be greater or Idler) of all the Principal Moneys that shall then remain due thereupon, and the Moneys so distributed to pay off Principal upon each of those Funds, shall be issued in Satisfaction of Principal Moneys, which shall in course be payable to the said Governor and Company, or to any other Persons out of the same Funds respectively.

XLII. And as to, for and concerning so much of the Moneys of the said General Fund hereby appropriated as aforesaid, as shall arise and be brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, at any Time or Times after the said eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, as well for the said,

Duties upon Houses, as for the said additional and other Rates, Duties, Impositions and Charges upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, during the Continuance of this Act; and as to, for and concerning so much of the Moneys of the said General Fund hereby appropriated as aforesaid, as shall arise and he brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, at any Time or Times of or for the several Duties, Impositions or Revenues herein after mentioned (that is to say) of or for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by this Act granted and continued from the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and of and for the said Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Merchandizes therewith granted and continued by this Act, from the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and of and for the said Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors and Widowers, hereby granted and continued from

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III

Application of the general Fiini.

Treasury orrce in 23 Days to cause an Account to be taken of all Moneys brought into the Exchequer, C

Moneys to be paid out to the Bank and ethers entitled to the fam?, and nt*t divertible.

Bank to receive S J. percent, out of general Fund, for Tallies subscribed, See.

The new Duties by this atto be applied in Aid thereof

A.D. 1697.

from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred, until the said first Day of /lugujl one thousand seven hundred and six, and of or for the said Impositions or Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, ea/l India Goods, wrought Silks, and other Duties therewith granted and continued by this Act from the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and all the Moneys (if any such be) which from and after the full Payment and Satisfaction of the said Sums, not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act passed in the Parliament hohlen in the seventh and eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for the said continued Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, shall arise thereby, until the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, and be brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, and as to all the Moneys, which from and after the full Payment and Satisfaction of the Sums of Money, not exceeding one Million seven hundred twenty-four thousand Pounds, borrowed or to be borrowed as aforesaid, for the Service of the War, upon Credit of the said Atfb for continuing and making perpetual the said Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and upon Tobacco Pipes, and other the Duties thereby granted or continued; It is hereby further enacted and provided, That all the Moneys so arising and brought from time to time into the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the said general Fund, confining of the said several Duties, Impositions and Revenues before enumerated and mentioned, as the same shall from time to time commence or take Effect, shall be distributed, issued and applied, to and for the Payment of Principal and Interest charged upon or dlredled to be paid as aforesaid, out of the said deficient Funds; that is to say, The said first Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, the said third Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, the said fourth Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, the said quarterly Poll, the said three fourth Parts of the Customs, the said Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, and other earthenwares, and Tobacco Pipes, the said two third Parts of the additional Excise, the said additional Impositions payable for Goods and Merchandizes, the said Duties payable upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, the said Rates and Duties payable upon Marriages Births, and Burials, Bachelors and Widowers, the said continued Impositions payable for Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, and upon the said yearly Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds payable out of the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage; so as that a proportionable Part of the Moneys so corning in, to be distributed as aforesaid, hall be distributed, issued and applied, to pay Principal and Interest upon every one of the Funds last mentioned, according and in Proportion to the Sum of the Deficiency thereof, before in and by this Act computed and expressed; that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or Under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, hall, on or before the six and twentieth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and from thenceforth, once in every eight and twenty Days, or oftener, cause an exact Account to be made or taken of all the Moneys that shall be brought into the Exchequer, applicable to pay Principal and Interest on the said deficient Funds as aforesaid, and hall thereupon immediately, from time to time, by their Warrants and Orders, 'cause such Money to be distributed, applied and placed to the Account of each Tax, Revenue or Fund so deficient as aforesaid, in the just Proportions before mentioned, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Money, which shall be so distributed or placed to the Account of each, and every of the said deficient Taxes, Duties and Funds, before enumerated and expressed, for or towards the Payment of Principal and Interest thereupon, shall be issued, paid out and disposed, so far as the same will from, time to time 'extend, as well to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors, as to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who are or shall be intituled to receive the said Principal and Interest, in such and the like Course, Order, Manner and Form, as if the same were Moneys really arising by the said respective Taxes, Duties or Funds, hereby computed and exp' effect to be deficient as aforesaid, and that without being diverted or divertible to' any other Ule, or mifipplied, and without giving any undue Preference, under the Penalty of incurring the same Forfeitures and Disabilities by the Officers another Persons concerned therein, as they would have incurred for diverting or misapplying any the Money of such Tax, Duty or Fund, incafethe (lime were not deficient; and that out of the said Moneys so from time to time arising, and being brought into the Exchequer, of or for the said general Fund, hereby provided and established for making good the said deficient Funds, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall from time to time receive so much as will makeup and complete for them an Interest, after the Rate of eight Pounds' per Centum per Annum, as Well for all and every the Tallies and Orders which shall be subscribed and brought into the Bank as aforesaid, and he charged upon any of the Funds pursuant to this Act, as for any other their 1 allies and Orders, whereupon the Interest (in regard of the Subscription of one Fifth in Bank Bills or Notes) is: to be augmented to the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue and in pursuance of this act.

XLIV. Provided rdfo, and is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Cases where any Duty, Revenue, Itnppfition or Branch whatsoever, is by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Time made and passeit, appropriated to or for the Repayment of Principal in course, or the Satisfaction of Interest at any Rate or Rates whatsoever, of or for any Loans which have been made upon the Credit of such former Act or Acts, the respective Duties, Revenues, Impositions or Branches, arising by virtue of such former Acts, shall lie applied, and such Principal and Interest, out of the Moneys arising thereby, hall be satisfied to those which are or shall be intituled thereunto (whether it be the Bank of England, or any others) in the same Course, Manner and Form, as by the said former Acts are prescribed and required; and that the new Duties or Funds, by this Act provided and established, shall go and be applied in Aid thereof, in such Manner and Form, and under such Limitations and Directions, as are' hereby prescribed, until the said Principal and

3 Interest'

C 20. 663

Interest shall be all entirely paid off and discharged; anything in this at contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And to the Intent that all Persons, concerned with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, may be secured in their respective Debts and Effeifts, in case any Forfeiture should be committee, or any Judgement of Forfeiture or Seizure of the said Corporation should be given for, or by reason of, or under any Pretence of any Forfeiture whatsoever; Be it enacted, That immediately upon such Judgement given, all and every the Funds, yearly Payments, and Moneys payable out of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England., or which should have become due and payable to them, in case no such Judgement had been given, and also all and every the Estate, Goods, Debts and Chattels due, belonging or owing to the said Governor and Company at the Time of such Judgement, shall be and are hereby (in such Case) adlttally vested and settled in four and twenty such Persons as shall be for that purpose elected and chosen by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in a general Court af ibmbled before such Judgement given, during the Space of three Years, which said Persons so elected, and the Survivors of them, during the said three Years, shall be Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall and may receive, sue for, and recover the Money, Debts and Estate of the said Corporation, or which would have belonged to the said Governor and Company, in case no such Judgement had been given, and with the Moneys and Estate so received and recovered, shall pay and discharge all the Debts due and owing by the said Corporation at the Time of such Judgement given, and perform and fulfil such Covenants and Contracts as the said Corporation at the Time of such Judgement given had entered into, and were bound and obliged to perform; and after the said three Years, or after the Debts and Estate io got in, paid and applied, then that the Surplus, if any there shall be, shall be paid and divided amongst such Persons as were Members of the said Corporation at the Time of such Judgement given, according to their several Shares and Proportions; and also that the yearly Sums afterwards payable at the Receipt of Exchequer to the said Corporation, shall be vested in, and payable quarterly to such Person and Persons, their Executors, administrators and Assigns, as were Members of the said Corporation at the Time of such Judgement respectively, according to their several Shares and Proportions in the said Stock and Company, to be ascertained and specified in a List to be returned or given in by the said Trustees, or the Survivors of them, under their Hands and Seals, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, and which said several yearly Payments so specified, shall be from time to time transferrable and assignable by an Entry in a Book to be kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt for that Purpose, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever; that all the Moneys due upon the said Funds, or payable in the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be from time to time paid and applied to the said Trustees to be elected as aforesaid, during the said three Years, and afterwards to the said several and respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and not any ways diverted or misapplied, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are given or imposed by an Act: or Acts of Parliament now in Force against any Person or Persons for diverting or misapplying any Moneys payable to any Person by the said Acts of Parliament, or any of them.

XLVI. Provided, That for the Encouragement of the said Corporation to lend Moneys upon Lands or Tenements, and for Discovery of Encumbrances thereon; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, or any Officer or Clerk to be employed by them, from time to time, to copy and transcribe the Dockets and Notes of any Extents, Judgments, Statutes or Recognizances, kept in any of the Offices of the several Courts of Record at tvejhrdnjler, paying to the Masters or Clerks of the several Offices the usual Rates and Fees for Search only of such Extents, Judgments, Statutes or Recognizances.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no Member of the said Corporation shall be, or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within the Intent and Meaning of all or any the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts, for or by reason of their Stock or Interest in the said Corporation, and that 110 Stock in the said Corporation shall be subject or liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys which from time to time shall become due and payable by virtue of any Tally or Or der, subseished as aforesaid into the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company by virtue of this Add, as soon as conveniently may be, after the same shall be received out of the Exchequer, or any publick Office, by the said Governor and Company, their Officers, Servants and Agents, and at farthest once in every four Months, shall be divided by the said Governor and Company amongst the Members of the whole Corporation, rateably and in Proportion to their several and respetdtive Parts, Shares, and Interests in the said Capital Stock, for the particular, proper, and only Use and Behoof of the said Members separately, and in their private and personal Capacities; anything in this Act, or in the aforesaid Act for granting the said Rates and Duties upon Tunnage of Ships, and for erecting of the said Bank, or in the Charter of Incorporation granted to the said Governor and Company, bearing Date at Westminster the seven and twentieth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety four, or any Rule, Order, Usage, Custom, Act, Statute or Law whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, shall always take Care that the Sum total of all their Debts which they fh.l! owe at any one Time to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, do not exceed the Value of the Capital Stock, which at any such Time shall be and remain to the said Governor and Company undivided; and that in case the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, by Virtue or Colour of the Power hereby given to them of dividing the Moneys coming in by their Tallies and Orders, as aforesaid, or by any other Dividend whatsoever to be made amongst themselves, or in their private or personrd Capacities, shall reduce or lessen their Joint Stock, or Capital, without limiting, paying off, or proportionably reducing the 'Foetal Sum of the said Debts, which they shall owe to others, as aforesaid, so that the Value of their joint Stock,

or

If Judgement be given against the Hank, \ early Payments, see. belonging to them 10 be vessel in 24 Trustees elected for 3 Years.

who may receive and sue for the Debts of the' Corporation, and discharge such Judgement

Surplus to be divided amongst; the Members. yearlypayments payable quarterly, and to be transferrable without Fee.

Moneys due to the said Fund? to be paid to the Trustees

not milap plied.

Company may transejibe Dockets of Extents, See. paying the usual Fees.

No Member to be adjudged a Bankrupt.

Stock rot liable to foreign Attachment.

Money due on Tallies subseri bed into the capital Stock of the Bank, to be divided so fuon as received, or wi hin Months after.

Altered by9W, 3.0.3. §.4.

Debts of the Bank not to exceed the Value of the Capital Stock.

If - Governor and Company lefcn their Sto: k by Dividends, so as the Value thereof be scot fufn

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III

60^ g/t 20,

A.D.

1697.

If at the End of one Year the Duties hereby appropriated be not sufficient to pay off the In

cient to answer or Capital undivided, shall not be sufficient to answer their just Debts then remaining unpaid; in every furl llieir Delits, Case the particular Members, and every of them respectively, who in their private or personal Capacities to ai iv the>lc receive any Share of such Dividend, shall be severally liable, and they are hereby made liable, so far

Debts unpaid, as respective Shares so by them respectively received upon such Dividend will extend, to pay and satisfy the Debts, which shall remain due and unpaid by the said Governor and Company, to any other Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as aforesaid, who by virtue of this Act shall and may sue for and recover the same (besides Treble Costs of Suit) by Action of Debt, or of the Case, as is before mentioned; anything in this Add, or in any former Act, Charter, or otherwise howsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

L And to obviate all Doubts for the future concerning the Securities by this Add intended for the Payment of the Principal and interest Moneys to be paid as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at the End of one Year, to be reckoned from the utmost Day or Time by this Act limited for taking of the said Subscriptions for augmenting the said Capital Stock of the Bank of England, it shall appear that the Funds or Duties by this Add appropriated to and for the Payment of Interest Moneys terefldueiorihat (as well to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as to any other Persons or Corpora

Vear, tions) shall not be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the Interest Moneys, which before the End of the said one Year shall be incurred, grown due, or ought to be paid, of, for, or upon the respective Tallies and the Deficiency to Orders before mentioned, and every of them, that then the Deficiency thereof (to wit) so much as will

be supplied out Office to make up and complete the Interest Moneys which shall be grown due before the End of the said

of the next Aids. pne Year, as aforesaid, shall be supplied and paid out of such Aids or Revenues as shall be granted to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in the Session of Parliament then next ensuing, and foin like Manner in In case upon case of Deficiency of Interest in any succeeding Year and in case upon the first Day of August, which 1 Auj. 17c6. the shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand fever) hundred and six, or within three Months then next Iunds hereby ensuing, it shall appear, that the whole Produce of the several Aids, Revenues, and Funds, by this Act granted or appropriated, together with the Moneys which shall have arisen by the Grants now in being, and before this Time made, for the Payment of the Principal Moneys of the said Tallies and Orders,

and the Interest thereof, shall not be sufficient to discharge and pay off, as well all the Principal Moneys

upon all the said Tallies and Orders, for the Payment whereof Provision is intended to be made by this Act, and all the Interest Moneys that are or shall be due or payable for the same, that then the Deficiency thereof, to wit, so much as will be needful completely to make up, satisfy and discharge all the said Principal and Interest Moneys which shall appear, on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, or within three Months then next ensuing, to remain due and unpaid, shall be supplied and paid out of such Aids or Revenue as shall be granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, in the Session of Parliament which shall be next after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six.

LI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons who are at present Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of the Bank of England, shall continue in their respective Offices until the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and until others shall be duly chosen and sworn in their Places; and that between the said four and twentieth Day of afterwardsage June and the four and twentieth Day of July next ensuing, a General Court of the Persons then interested noal Court to in the said Corporation shall be summoned and held, and then and there, by the Majority of the said Members prefenr, a new Governor, Deputy Governor, and four and twenty Directors (of which Number there shall not be above the two Thirds of such Persons who were Directors the Preceding Year) shall he chosen, who shall continue in their respective Offices until the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and until others shall be duly chosen and sworn in their Places, according to the Times prescribed by their present Charter, and under such Regulations as are directed by this Abe.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all future Elections of Directors there shall not he chosen above j two Thirds of those who were Directors the preceding Year; anything in the said Charter, or any Law, Statute, or Ordinance, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And to the end there may be no Defebl in the Payment of the Interest by this Act intended and directed to be paid out of the Moneys hereby granted or appropriated, and that the general Fund by this Act provided, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, may be enlarged for the full Satisfaction of all Persons that are or may be concerned therein, we Your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do further give and grant unto Your Majesty, the several additional Rates or Duties upon Salt, herein after mentioned, for and during the Term herein after expressed; do beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven, there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of If dies, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, until the five and twentieth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, and no longer, for Salt, the Rates and Duties following, over and above all other Duties already payable for the same; that For Salt import is to say, for every Gallon of Salt that shall be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within the Time aforesaid, the Sum of twopence, of lawful Money of England, 'to be paid by the Importer thereof, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity; for every Gallon of Salt and Rock Salt made at the Salt Works, or taken out of any Salt Pits within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of jfales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within the Days or Times aforesaid, the Sunt of one Pony, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

EXP.

LIV. And for the better ascertaining, charging, levying, collecting, and answering all and every the Duties hereby fetor imposed, as well upon foreign and imported Salt, as upon Salt and Rock Salt made

at

granted be not sufficient to pay eft' the Principal and Interest due on the forc said Tallies and Orders, the Deficiency to be supplied out of such Aids, to be granted after the said 1 Aug. 1706.

Present Governor and Directors to continue in Office till 24 June, 1697

be held for electing a new go >emcr, and 24 Directors.

In eledhcns of Directors not above two Thi of the old to be chosen.

Additional Duties on Salt for one Year,

CD 2d, per Gallon,

Salt and Rock Salt mac at the Salt Works I d. per Gallon.

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III C 20, 665

at the Salt Works, or taken out of any Salt Pits within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, t°te !d

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, during the Term hereby granted; Be it further enacted by the Au J, 1' thority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Ways, Methods, Penal Aits of 6 ties. Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by one Act made in the Parliament held V & C 7.

at Westminster, in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty and the late Queen of blessed Me and 7 & 8 W. 3.

mory, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, C

and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompeuces and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such per forts as Jkall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, and in and by one other Act made in the Parliament held at Westminster, in the seventh and eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, In Act for continuing' to His Majesty certain Duties upon Salt,

Cless Wares, Stone and Earthen Jvarcs, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a National Land Bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Tunnage of Ships and upon Coals, are provided, settled or established, for or concerning the raising, levying, ascertaining, securing, collecting, or recovering, the several Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt thereby granted or continued, and for determining and ascertaining the Measure of English Salt by Weight, shall be exercised, practised, applied, levied, recovered, and put in Execution for the raising, levying, charging, ascertaining, securing, collecting, recovering, and paying the said several Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt by this Act granted, during the Continuance of the Duties thereupon by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules and Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this Act; nevertheless with such Allowance for Fish and Salt to be exported, as are herein mentioned (that is to say) For all such Fish hereafter mentioned as shall be exported during the Continuance of the Duties hereby granted upon Salt, from any Port or Place in the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Benvick upon Tweed, into Parts beyond the Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Rates and Sums of Money hereafter expressed (that is to say) For every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, containing fifty Gallons, eight Shillings, Allowances for and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity; for every Barrel of White Herrings, one Shilling Fish and Salt and eight Pence; for every Barrel of Red Herrings, one Shilling and fourpence; for every Barrel of Sal exported, mon, three Shillings and fourpence; for every Hundred of Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, ten Shillings; and so proportionably for a greater or finaller Number or Quantity, shall (ever and above the Allowances for the said Fish, by the said former Acts for the Duties upon Salt, or either of them) be paid by Debentures, in such Manner and Form, and under the same Rules and Penalties, as are prescribed in the said former Acts concerning the said Duties upon Salt, or either of them, for or concerning the Allowances upon the Exportation of the like Kinds of Fish.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time or Times, during the Con on exportation tinuance of the additional Duties hereby granted upon Salt, shall export beyond the Seas any Salt, as well of Salt, Security Foreign as English, or any Rock Salt, the Security for the Duty by this Act payable for such exported for the Duties Salt shall be discharged upon such Certificate, and Oath made, and according to such Rules, as are pre to charged, feribed for drawing back the Duties upon exported Salt by the said former Acts, or either of them.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Duties by this Act granted upon Application of Salt, which shall from time to time be levied and raised, shall be appropriated and applied, together with the Moneys, the other Duties by this Act provided for that Purpose, to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of the interest Moneys due, or to grow due at any Time before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, to the Bank of England, or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, upon the Tallies or Orders charged upon the deficient Funds before mentioned; and in case there be any Overplus of these Duties more than shall be sufficient to discharge such Interest, then the said Overplus shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal upon the said deficient Funds, in the like Proportions as are abovementioned, according to the true Meaning of this Act, under the like Penalties to be incurred for diverting or misapplying any the Moneys arising by the said Duties upon Salt hereby granted, as are to be incurred for diverting or misapplying any the Moneys of the said General Fund hereby appropriated for Satisfaction of the said Principal and Interest

And whereas for Moneys lent or advanced, or to be lent or advanced, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, by several Persons, as well Natives as Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

they or some other claiming by, from, or under them respectively, have, or hereafter may have, or are or may be infilled to Tallies of Loan, levied at the said Receipt, and have or may have Orders signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or some of them, for the time being, or by the Lord Treasurer for the time being, for Repayment of the Money solent (with Interest at certain Rates, or without Interest)

' out of diverse Taxes, Aids, Impositions, Revenues, or other Branches chargeable therewith, and also have, or may have, in their Hands, or Possession, diverse Tallies of Pro, or Alignment, levied or charged,

' or to be levied or charged upon certain of His Majesty's Revenues, Duties, or Impositions: whereas it is found by Experience, that many avaricious or ill disposed Persons, taking an Advantage of the Northeast ceftities of those who have occasion to sell or dispose of such Tallies and Orders, as aforesaid, do, in the buying or purchasing of such Orders or Tallies, extort and gain to themselves an exorbitant and unrea sonable Allowance, Precmium, or Consideration out of the principal Moneys, besides the Interest accruing for the same, to the unspeakable Damage and Prejudice of His Majesty, and many of His good Subjects,

' in Trade and otherwise, and in a great Measure to the Ruin of the public Credit, which cannot be re paired as long as such Practises are continued or suffered For Prevention whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever. Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven, at any Time or Times, during the Term of five Years from thence next ensuing, or before the End of the then next

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III

A.D. 1697.

No Talley to Session of Parliament, shall, upon any Contrail, Agreement, or Bargain, whatsoever, for or concerning botak.cnat moe any of Tallies or Orders, or for or concerning the Moneys or any Part thereof due or payable, or

alloweaere to be due or Payable by or upon any of the said Tallies or Orders, take, accept, or receive, or agree to upon, L take, accept, or receive, or shall give or allow, or promise or agree to give or allow, direiily or indirectly, by way of Pramium, Reward, Discount, Gratuity, Gift, or otherwise, or by Means of any Exchange, Wager, Shift, Chevisance, Covin, Device, or Way whatsoever, more than the lawful Interest allowed upon such Talley or Order, and due or payable at the Time of such Assignment, together with a further Allowance not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum for every hundred Pounds principal Money,

on pain of for and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Sum, upon Pain of forfeiting and losing for every such Offence

Siting treble the treble the Value of the principal Moneys contained or specified in such Talley, or Order, for which such principalmoney, Eargain, Agreement, or Contrail shall be made; that is to say, one third Part thereof to the King, His F F'y' Heirs and Successors, and the other two thirds thereof to such Person or Persons as will inform and sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no ef fofn. Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and that every Person, who shall be guilty of such offence in the buying of any such Order or Talley, and be

thereof conviiled, shall be deemed and is hereby adjudged to be a common Extortioner, and shall suffer such further Pains and Penalties, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm may be inflicted for common Extortion.

EXP.

LVIII. And for the more effectual obviating and preventing the aforesaid evil Prailice, and the mif no Assignmint chicvons Consequences thereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Assignment or of Oi jeror Tal transferrence, which from and after the said tenth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven, lay to begood, nia<je of any of the said Orders or Tallies, or of any of the Moneys contained or specified therein.

Writing, 3 and" upon the selling, buying, or bargaining of the lame, shall be good and available either in Law or Equity, signed by the or be in any wise effectual for the assigning or transferring the Right or Property of any such Order or tal 1'dvty, lay, or any the Moneys thereby due or payable, unless such Assignment or Transferrence be made in Wri

or the Common ting, and be signed by the Party or Parties making the same, or be under the common Seal of a Corpora seai of a Cor tion or Body Politic, or be signed by some Person or Persons by the Authority or direction of such Party poration, cor parties. Corporation or Body Politic, and be within ten Days after the Signing thereof entered or re da safteri\rn° g>rred» and that Oath be thereupon made in the Manner and Form following; that is to say, in case such ingfandath" Assignment or Transerrence be of Money payable by any Order at the Receipt of the Exchequer, then the made thereon, said Assignment shall be registered by an Entry or Notification thereof in the Books kept or to be kept by Repealed by 11 the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer or the Clerk of the Pells there for that Purpose, &12.w. 3. C 3. ancj the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment of or upon any such Order shall be made, or the Treasurer for any Corporation or Body Politic, who are to have the Benefit of such Assignment, or some, credible Person or Persons employed to make the Bargain or Contract, for which such Assignment

shall be made, and being Privy thereunto, shall within the said ten Days make Affidavit before the said Auditor or the Clerk of the Pells in the said Receipt of Exchequer (who have hereby Power to administer the same) that no Allowance, Pramium, Gratuity or Consideration whatsoever, exceeding the lawful Interest, and the said Allowance not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum, as aforesaid, directly or indirectly, or by any Way, Device, Shift, Exchange, Wager, Chevisance, or otherwise howsoever, was taken, accepted, gained, gotten, or agreed to be taken, accepted, gained, or gotten, for or in respeil of such Assignment; and in case such Assignment or Transferrence be of Money payable by any Talley of Pro or talleyofpro Assignment at the Excise Office, or at the General Poll Office, or in any other publick Office, then such

payable at the Assignment or Transferrence shall be registered by an Entry or Notification thereof in the Books to be kept Excise, or Ge for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise, the Poll Master or Post Mailers General, or other Chief Officers in any of the said public Offices for the time being respectively; and the Person or Persons to ce c' whom such Assignment of or upon any such Talley of Pro or Assignment shall be made, or the Treasurer for any Corporation or Body Politic, or some other credible Person or Persons employed to make the Bargain or Contrail, for which such Assignment shall be made, and being privy thereunto as aforesaid, shall within the said ten Days make the like Affidavit, as aforesaid, before one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, and Poll Masters General, or other Chief Officers in such public Office, for the time being, or such Persons as shall be deputed by them respectively for this Purpose, who have hereby Power to administer the same. Rep.

Officers in the

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Auditor of the Receipt, and Exchequer, Ex the Clerk of the Pells, or one of them, and some one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, Post fice a?o attendf" a: l"rs ^enera'5 or other Chief Officers in the said public Offices respectively, or their respective Deputy for regi t'es' from and after the said tenth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven, attend daily

string Assign and every Day, from the Hour of Nine to the Hour of '1'welve in the Forenoon Sundays and such holi ments, and ad days as are usually observed only excepted) for registring or causing lobe registered the said Alignments, mininiftring the, and for administering the said Oaths, and shall duly register and administer the same, and shall, upon thfe °aths' registring of every such Assignment, and administering the said Affidavit relating the ieunto, make a Memorandum,

as well in their respective Books, as upon the respective Writings of Assignmentas aforesaid, importing that such Affidavit was duly administered according to this Act; all which they shall do and perform, or cause to be done or performed, without Fee or Charge, under the Pain of forfeiting treble Damages, besides Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and to be recovered by Action of Debt or of the Case, as aforesaid.

LX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall be above's*, employed as a Broker or Brokers, Solicitor or Solicitors, crotherwise, in the Behalf of any other Person or per cent."for' Persons, to make or drive any Bargain or Contrail for tile buying or selling of any of the said Orders or Brolcage, Tallies, who shall, after the said tenth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven, take or receive,

directly

C 20.

667

directly or indirectly, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward or Thing, for Broakidge, soliciting,

'chiving, procuring or making such Contrail or Bargain, over and above the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for the Broakidge, soliciting, driving, or procuring such Contrail or Bargain for one hundred Pounds, and so rateably for a greater or leller Sum, shall forfeit for every such Offence twenty Pounds, to such person or Persons as will i'ue for the same, by Action of Debt, or of the Case as aforesaid; if any Broaker,

Solicitor, or Driver of any Bargain or Contrail, for any such Tallies or Orders, as aforesaid, shall, after the said tenth Day of 'june one thou fund six hundred ninety seven, drive or make any such Bargain or Contrail for any Talley or Order, or any Money due thereupon, in which Contrail or Bargain there shall be any Premium or Allowance made, or agreed to be made contrary to this Act, then he or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to wit, one third Part thereof to the King, and the other two Thirds thereof to such Person or Persons who will sue for the same, to be recovered as aforesaid; that every such Broaker, Solicitor, or Driver of such Bargain, who shall be guilty of such Offence, and be thereof conviiled, shall be deemed, and is hereby adjudged to be a common Extortioner, and shall suffer such further Pains and Penalties as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm may be ir.fliited for common Extortion.

LXI. And whereas diverse Persons have, or before the said tenth Day of June one thousand six hun

ninety seven, may have purchased and bought several Orders of Loan, or Parts thereof, or such ' Tallies, as aforesaid, negieiling to have their Assignments thereof to be duly registered, as the Law di reils, and many of them, instead of taking formal Alignments, which might be registered, have accepted from the Person or Persons, who should make the same, the indorsing of his or their Names only upon

such Orders; Be it further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Or Orders purchased ders of Loan, or Parts thereof, or such Tallies have been ailually and bona fide purchased and bought be b lore '.°i?n.e fore the said tenth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and Oath thereof shall be made at any Time or Times within three Months from thence next ensuing, before any of the Officers or Persons hereby to take the Oath authorised to administer the other Oaths concerning the Prannum or Allowance, as aforesaid, in all such concerning the Cases, the Person or Persons claiming such Orders, or Parts of Orders, or Tallies, by such Assignments Premium, not registered, or by such Indorsements, shall not in respeil thereof be obliged by virtue of this Act to t2ke the said other Oath concerning the Pramiwn, Reward, or Allowance; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.'

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Affidavit herein before directed shall be in Writing, and re Affilavit to be main filed with the respective Officers, before whom the same shall be made. in Writing, ami

LXIII. And whereas by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An act for granting filed'

' an Aid to His Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies and other Duties payable jor one Year; 8 St9W. 3, C 6. ' it is amongst other Things enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to cause Bills to be made forth at

the Receipt of Exchequer, in such Manner and Form as they shall appoint, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of that Ail, and to issue the same to the Uses of the War, in such Proportions as they shall think fit; and that the said Bills shall be current to the Receivers or Collectors of any Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, thereby granted, or that should be granted for the Service of the War for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety seven (except for the Aid of three Shillings in the Pound) and such other Directions are thereby given, concerning the ma

issuing, receiving back, and cancelling, the said Bills, "as in and by the said Ail, Relation being thereunto had, more at large appearsnow to the end the said Bills so authorised to be issued may be of

more general Uie, as well for the Occasions of the War, as for the public Commerce and Trade; Be it Exchequer Bills further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills, so authorised to be issued, shall he received to be taken for and taken, not only by Receivers or Collectors of the Taxes or Supplies granted or to be granted for the ta es> C War for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety seven, but shall also pass and be current to all and every and n

the Commissioners, Receivers, or Collectors of any Revenue, Aid, "Tax, or Supply whatsoever, already all Parents at granted, or that shall or maybe granted, during this present Session of Parliament, either for the War, the Exchequer or any other Use, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the said Commissioners, Receivers, or Col due to the King, lectors, or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever making any Payments there to His Majesty upon any Account whatsoever.

LXIV. And to the end that all Persons may be the more willing and ready to accept and receive the said Bilk to tear 5 d. Bills in all Manner of Payments; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be annexed a Day percent, unto, attend, and go along with the said Bills, an Interest after the Rate of five Pence a Day for every interest till pay one hundred Pounds contained therein, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Sum; which said In mert" terest shall be paid or allowed to the Person who is last pofieft thereof, to the Day he pays the same into the Exchequer, or to any Receivers or Collectors for any Aids, Taxes, Revenues, or Supplies whatsoever.

LXV. And that no Interest may be allowed on the said former Bills for any longer Time than the same g; is p3; d; nt shall be unanswered to His Majesty; is hereby enacted, That the Person who pays the same into the the Exchequer, Exchequer, or to any Receivers or Collectors, for any Aids, Taxes, or Revenues, shall at the Time of to be ligned, C making such Payment put his Name to the said Bill, and write the Day of the Month, to which Day the Collector or other Person who receives the same to His Majesty's Use shall be allowed again the Interest that he shall have allowed thereupon; and when any of the said Bills, which in Pursuance of this Act shall be received at the Exchequer, Custom House, Excise Office, or General Letter Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Collectors, or for any Revenues, Taxes, or Supplies, shall be applicable to the Satisfaction of Tallies and Orders of Loan, or to any other Uses or Payments whatsoever, and by Reason thereof are not to be immediately cancelled at the said Exchequer, or iy any other public Office, then the

4 2 " respective

C 20.

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi Ilf

Commissioners of the Tt ea fury maycontraft for lcnjing Money to exchange ex chequer Bills not accepted in Payment,

Persons so lending Moneys, to have the said Bills for Security, and Interest at 10l. percent. per Ann.

contractors Names, C to be vegiftrej in the auditor's Office, and Interest to be paid quarterly.

The King by Proclamation to make known when Exchequer Bills may be exchanged for ready Money.

7&8 W. 3. C 22.

12. Car. 2. C 18.

Car, 2. C 7. 7 & 8 W. 3. C 22.

Further Time a lowed for admi niltring and taking the Oaths.

A.D. 1697.

respective Tellers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Receivers General or Cashiers of the Customs, excise, and Poll: Office, or any other Receivers, upon their issuing or paying out the said Bills, shall fig the same, and add the Day of the Month, and so totiesjuoties until the said Bills shall or may come or be paid into the Exchequer on Account of the proper Funds or Supplies (upon which they are or shall be first issued out) to be cancelled.

LXVI. And to the Intent that such Person or Persons, who have or may have, or be intituled to, any Tallies or Orders, on any Branch of the Revenues, or on any Aid, Tax, or Supply, that is or shall be appropriated for Repayment and Satisfaction thereof, and shall refuse or be unwilling to accept the said Bills in Payment, may not be obliged to receive the same; Be it further enacted, That for the Ease, Accommodation, and Satisfaction, of all and every Person and Persons so refusing, or being unwilling to receive the said Bills in Repayment of such Tallies and Orders, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to covenant and agree, in such Manner as they shall think fit, with any Persons Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate (with whose Abilities they shall be well satisfied) for the immediate advancing or lending of Money from time to time, as there shall be Occasion, for exchanging such Bills as shall be so refused, or not accepted or taken in Repayment of Tallies and Orders, as aforesaid: that such Person and Persons, as shall so contract and agree with the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer, to advance and furnish Money for the exchanging and circulating the said Bills, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or High Treasurer shall appoint, shall immediately, upon their paying or advancing, any Moneys pursuant to their Contracts or Agreements, have for their Security and Satisfaction the said Bills, or such Security as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners of the Treasury and the said Contractors, and shall also have and receive as a further Encouragement an Interest or Reward not exceeding the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Sums so by them reflectively contracted or agreed to be furnished or advanced, from the Day they become severally obliged, for and during so long Time as their said Obligations shall be in Force.

LXVII. And for the better ascertaining such Interest to the said Lenders or Contractors; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of such Lenders or Contractors, and the Dates of their respective Contracts, and Sums contracted for, shall be registered in the Office of the Auditor of the Recipt of the Exchequer, and that the said Interest shall be paid out of the Supplies granted for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year one thousand six hundred ninety and seven, quarterly, for so longtime as the said Contractors shall stand obliged as aforesaid.

lxviii. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until such Time as His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation to be issued by the Advice of His Privy Council, shall be pleased to publish and make known, that the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall (by such Covenants or Agreements made with Persons of Ability, as aforesaid) have sufficiently secured and made Provision, that all Persons, who at the said Receipt of Exchequer, or at any the said Publick Offices, shall have any of the said Bills for Satisfaction of their Tallies or Orders of Loan, or for any other Payments whatsoever, may have such Bills exchanged for ready Money; the said Bills, so to be made forth for the said fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall be current only for the Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, granted or to be granted for the Service of the War, for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety seven, exclusive of the said Aid of three Shillings in the Pound, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said former Act in that Behalf j and that after the said Proclamation shall be issued, and not sooner, the said Bills so authorised to be issued, as aforesaid, shall pass and be current for all Revenues, Aids, Taxes, Supplies, or other Payments to his Majesty, according to the true Meaning of this pi efent Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade, ic is amongst other Things therein enacted, That all the present Governors and Commanders in Chief of any English Colonies or Plantations, shall, before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and all who shall be made Governors or Commanders in Chief of the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, before the entering into their Governments, shall take a solemn Oath to do their utmost that the Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for en couraging and hicreasing of Shipping and Navigation, and one other Act made in the fifteenth Year of His ' said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of Trade, and also the said Act made in ths seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Altfor preventing Frauds,

and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade, be pundlually and bona fide observed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, so far as appertains unto the said Governors or Commanders in Chief re e spedlively: And whereas the Persons appointed to administer the said Oaths are by some Accidents prevented from performing the same within the Time limited by the said Act to the end therefore that the good Intent of the said Act may not be disappointed for want of Time to put the same in Execution, Be it therefore enacted, That Further Time shall be allowed for administering the said Oath, and that all present Governors and Commanders in Chief of any English Colonies or Plantations, shall, before the five. and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and who shall hereafter be made Governors or Commanders in Chief of the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, shall, at their Entrance upon their respective Governments, or within the Space of six Months after the same, take a solemn Oath to do their utmost, that all the Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the before recited Acts of Parliament, or any of them, heretofore passed and now in Force, relating to the said Colonies and Plantations, be pundlually and bona fide observed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof (which

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo Sc nono Guglielmi III C 21 — 23. 669

Oath shall be taken before such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, who are hereby authorised to administer the same) so far as appertains to the Governors or Commanders in Chief respectively.

LXX. And whereas the Sum of three thousand two hundred and eighty Pounds eight Shillings and Clause for Dif ' nine Pence, was afttially and bona fide received by Ralph Williamson, receiver-general of the fourth charge of Ralph Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, in the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland, for the said wlllijtr son*

' Aid within the Counties aforesaid, which Sum confiding of hammered Moneys, is depefited in the Receipt of His Majesty's_ Exchequer, but the same, or the greatest Part thereof, is not charged as Money actually paid into the said Receipt; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tellers in the said Receipt of Exchequer, or some of them, shall forthwith receive the said Money amounting to three thousand two hundred and eighty Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence, upon the said receiver's Account of the said Aid, and hall throw down a Bill or Bills for the same, according to the Course of the Exchequer, to the end the said Receiver may have a Talley or Tallies for his Discharge, and the said Collectors and other His Majesty's Subjects in the said Counties may have no further Trouble concerning the same.

LXXI. And whereas in and by one Act of Parliament made and paited in the seventh and eighth Years 7 & S W. j.

of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass c. 31.

' Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen

EXP.

Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a National Land Bank, and for taking9& to w 3*

off the Duties upon Tunnage of Ships and upon Coals, it is amongst other Things provided, That if any of ^, 45' 11

those Wares upon drawing are broken, or otherwise made unlit for Sale, there hall no Duty grow due 3- C 1 4 for the same by virtue of that at, but the Officers hall see the same destroyed: whereas it often happens, that where Tobacco Pipe Makers do make and burn Tobacco Pipes, that at the opening or drawing of the Pots, Kilns, Furnaces or Ovens, wherein the same are burnt or nealed, the Tobacco Pipes, or a great Part of them, are unfit for Sale, by Reason of some Default in the Burning and Nealing thereof, and the destroying the same by the Officer is of great Loss to the Maker, when as such Tobacco Pipes may be rendered fit for Sale in case they were new burnt or nealed For the remedying of which Tobacco Pipes Mischief be it hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day found unfit for of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, if any Tobacco Pipe Makers, upon drawing their To Sale, may be bacco Pipes out of their Pots, Kilns, Furnaces, or Ovens, hall find the same, or any Part thereof, unfit thr Duty" to be for Sale, that it shall and may be lawful for such Tobacco Pipe Maker or Makers (on Notice given to the ?aid. said Officer of his Intention to reburn the same) to put such Tobacco Pipes into any Pot, Kiln, Furnace or Oven, to be reburnt or nealed, and on the drawing of the same, shall then pay the Duty by the said Act charged, or otherwise be destroyed; that the said Tobacco Pipe Maker or Makers so reburning or nealing such Tobacco Pipes as aforesaid, shall not be liable to any of the Penalties in the said Act mentioned.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for laying a Duty upon Leather for the Term of three Years, and making other Provision for an j X p. fwering the Deficiencies as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities upon the Lottery, and for Lives, charged on the Tunnage of Ships and the Duties upon Salt. [The Money arising by this Act being deficient, is supplied by i Annas, flat. i. cap. 13.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder and Perry, as well EXP, towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Occasions of His Majesty's Household, and other Occasions. [The Money arising by this Act being deficient, is supplied by i Annae, flat. 1. cap. 13. Explained, 9 & 10 W. 3. C J

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to enforce the Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled An act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That 7 & 8 W. 3.

for the Relief, Benefit or Advantage, of such registered Mariners or Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, C zi.

Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen or Seafaring Men, who by Age, Wounds, or other Accidents, hall be disabled for future Service at Sea, and shall not be in a Condition to maintain themselves comfortably,

6 and the Children of such disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such of them as hall hap pen to be lain, killed or drowned in Sea Service, so far forth as the Hospital in the said Act mentioned shall be capable to receive them, and the Revenue thereof will extend for or towards their Relief or Sup ' port, and according to the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions to be settled and provided for the said Hospi tal, and the Government and Regulation thereof, every such Seaman, Waterman, Fisherman, Lighter man, Bargeman, Keelman or Seafaring Man, registered and disabled as aforesaid, shall, upon Certificate thereof in Manner as directed by the said Statute, be admitted and placed in the said Hospital, and shall have provided and allowed unto him, during his Life, at the Charges of the said Hospital, and out of the Revenues thereof, according to the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, to be provided and settled for the said Hospital and the Government and Regulation thereof, sitting and convenient Lodging, Meat,

Drink, Clothes, and other Necessaries and Conveniences; and also the Widows of such Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen and Seafaring Men, who shall be slain, killed or

670 C 24.

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

drowned in the Sea Service, and the Children of such Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen and Seafaring Men, so fiain, _ killed or drowned, and not of Ability to maintain or provide comfortably for themselves, shall be received into the said Hospital, and there be provided for: And forasmuch as diverse Persons so registered and disabled as aforesaid, and diverse of the Widows and Children of such Persons so regiflrcd, slain, or drowned in Sea Service as aforesaid, may at one and the same Time land in Need of, and by virtue of the said Act claim and demand the Bounties, Benefits and Advantages aforesaid, in greater Numbers than the said Hospital and Revenues thereof can support and maintain; ' Be it therefore enacted, crv.

Persons intituled to the Advantages of Greenwich Hospital to be received as registered. Those Iongeft re- giftred to be first admitted. [Disabled Seamen, isfe. provided for by 2 & 3 Annas, C 6. §. 19. and by 449 Annae, C 21. §. 63. This Act is repealed as to registring Seamen and the bounty money.] Seaman, "ifc. bringing a Certificate of his Abode, sv. may be registered and intituled to the Benefits of the Act 7 "h R W. 3. C 2j. Justices to inquire and examine on Oath; and, if any Fraud, to certify it to the "Commissioners of the Admiralty. Masters, Mates, and their Wives, C may have the Benefit given " to other registered Men, &c. Seamen above fifty Years old, having served in the King's Ships seven Years, may be registered, and enjoy the Privileges of the Act. After 10 April 1699, none to be registered 2 R. a. C 4. "without giving Reasons for his Omission."

Commissioners

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better levying and collecting the may examine Duties of sixpence per Mcnfem, given and granted by the said recited Act, for the Revenues and Supplies Matters of Ships of the Hospital, Charities and Bounties therein mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the com on Oath as to missioner appointed for registring of Seamen, or their respective Deputies for the time being, for the better the Number and £)jfcovery of the Pay and Wages due to the Sailors and Persons who served on Board any the Merchants or private Ships and Vessels in the said Act mentioned, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause all such Masters and Commanders of such Ships, not in His Majesty's Service, to be and appear before them the said Commissioners, or the respective Deputies, who are hereby empowered and directed, all and every such Masters and Commanders upon their Oaths to examine, as to the Number, Rates, Salaries, Wages, and Times of Service, of all and every Person or Persons, belonging to or serving in such Ships or Vessels By 2 & 3 Annan lhe said recited Act, and which by the said Act are obliged to pay the said Sum of sixpence per Mcnfem C 6. §. 7. Poor out of their Salaries and Wages as aforesaid; if such Masters or Commanders, or any of them mall Boys alligned to refuse, when so summoned or commanded to appear before the said respective Persons hereby empowered to the Sea are ex examine them in Manner as aforesaid, or if they shall appear, and ohftinately and wilfully refuse to give a plain, full, and exact Discovery of the Matters aforesaid, upon their several Oaths, that then and in every feni tilttheir such Case, all and every such Offender or Offenders shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Age of js, and Sum of ten Pounds to the Uses mentioned in the said recited Act, to be recovered by Action of Debt, by 10 Anna?, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of C 17. §. 1. Pc. gu; t provided such Masters or commnnders be not Quakers, or esteemed Quakers.

soils employed r

in Boats lull pay it. Farther Provisions relating to the Payment of 6 d. per Mcnfem, by 2 Geo. 2. c. 7. and 36,

Quakers to make solemn Affirmation in/lead of an Oath.

Wapcs, See, of Persons serving in their Ships, and who are to pay 6 d, per Mcnfem out of their Wages.

7 & S W. 3. C 34.

7 ft 8 W. 3. C 21.

Farther provi jiorts relating to Seamen, 9 & 10 IK 3. C 41.

2 s/ntu C 6.

4&' 5 Ann. r.xg. jo Anne, 17.

1 Geo. 1. c. 25.

2 Geo. 2. c. 7

36. 6 G. 2. C

a4 Gw* 2* C 47'

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, mentioned in the said recited Act, being a Qtiaker, may and shall be examined before the said Commissioners appointed for registring Seamen, or any three or more of them, or their Deputy or Deputies, and the said Commissioners or their Deputies may and shall, from time to time, take the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of such Quakers instead of their Oath, and in such Manner and Form as by one Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty is directed, intituled An Ah that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People commonly called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the nfual Form: And such Quakers refusing to appear on such Summons, or to answer or make such solemn Affirmation or Declaration before the said Commissioners, or their Deputy or Deputies, shall be deemed Offenders, and he liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in this Act for refusing to appear and be examined upon Oath, or (wear as aforesaid; thing in this Act before to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas since the making the said recited Act, diverse evil disposed Persons, so registered in pursuance of the said Act, have fraudulently lent their Register Certificates to diverse Mariners, Seamen, ' Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen, Keelmen, or Seafaring Men, who were not registered

pursuance of the said Act, with Intent to keep such Persons not registered from being impressed in His Majesty's Sea Service: 'For the preventing of such evil Practices for the future, be it enacted, &c.

"Persons registered lending their Certificates to Seamen, sv. to protest them from being impressed, to be "struck out of the Register, &c. Certificate under the Hand of a Mayor or Bailiff of the Cinque Ports "to be sufficient. EXP."

25, 8 Geo. 2. c. 29.

31 Geo. 2. C jo.

F X P.

9 W. 3, C 23.

For the Statutes relating to Tunnage, C see tkc Note on 12 Car, 2. C 4.

11 Geo. a. C 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 3 37. 14 Geo. 2. c. 38. i8 Geo. 2. c. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage upon Merchandizes imported for the Term of two Years and three Quarters, and an additional Land Tax for one Year, for carrying on the War against France. Additional Subsidy of Tunnage on Wines to be paid from t May 1697, and before r Feb. 1699. Twelve Pence in every twenty Shillings of Goods imported. Duties on Drugs' imported, Spiccry, and Linen. Foreign wrought Silks exported in one Year, to have two Thirds

repaid.

C 25, 26. 671

repaid. Wrought Silks imported not charged with additional Duty. Tobacco of the Engl iffplantations, or Wines of the Growth of France, Germany, &c. the Duties to be levied by Officers of the Customs, and paid into the Exchequer. Duties on Sugar from America to be drawn back 'on Exportation. Ginger to pay 2 s. per too wt. After 1 May 1697, cut Whalebone imported to be forfeited, and double the Value. Goods imported, and exported again in twelve Months, whole Duties to be repaid without Fee. No Drawback to be allowed on exporting foreign wrought Silks, &c. unless exported in Time; and then the whole Duties to be repaid. Naval Stores for the King's Ufc not to be charged.

[1 s. in the Pound.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision for the Payment of the interefi: of the Transport: Debt for the reducing of Ireland.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the sixth and seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty fsvcral additional Duties upon Coffee, Lea, Chocolate, and Spice, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport Service for the Reduction of Ireland, in which Provision was made for the Payment of 111 tcrcft of five Pounds per Contcm for three Years, for the Principal Sum of three hundred and thirty thousand seven hundred and sixty nine Pounds ten Shillings seven Pence, then allowed to be due for the said Transport Service for the reducing of Ireland, ' which Duties have proved very deficient to answer such Interest We Your majesty's, &c.

EXP.

From 24. June 1697, till 25 June 1698, every Hawker, &c. to pay a Duty of 4l. Hawkers to certify the Commissioners how they will trade, and pay down one Moiety of the Duty, and give Bond for the other at six Months End. Two Shillings in the Pound allowed for prompt Payment. Penalty on Hawk 44 er, &c. trading without Licence, or refuting to produce it. Commissioners for Transportation to grant Licences to Hawkers, &c. A diflitift: Account to be kept, and Duties paid into the Exchequer weekly, "to be applied as directed by 6 dc 7 W. 3. C 7. This Act not to prohibit the selling of News papers, CSV. 44 nor Goods or Wares by the Makers thereof, nor Tinkers, Coopers, &c. Not to hinder the Sale of Goods in any public Market. Owners of Ships, (sc. to deliver an Account of their Shares, (Ac, 44 This Act not to give any new Powers to Hawkers, &c. to sell Goods in Cities."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the good Laws still in Force agninfl the counterfeiting of the Moneys and Coins of this Realm, yet the said offence.doth and is like daily to increase, to the inanifcft Wrong and Injury both of His Majesty and all His loving Subjects, being very much occasioned for want of a due and condign Punishment to be inflicted upon such Artificers and others, who without any lawful Authority do make or use Puncheons, Stamps, Dyes, and other Engines and Instruments, which are commonly used, or may be made use of, in or about the coining of Money: 'For Redress of which so great and growing a Mischief, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affein bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no Smith, Engraver, Founder, or other Person or Persons whatsoever (other than and except the Persons employed or to be employed in or for His Majesty's Mint or Mints in the Tower of London, or elsewhere, and for the Use and Service of the said Mints only, or Persons lawfully authorised by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer of England for the time being) flail knowingly make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or assist in the making or mending of any Puncheon, Counter Puncheon, Matrix, Stamp, Dye, Pattern, or Mould of Steel, Iron, Silver, or other Metal or Metals, or of Spaud, or fine Founders Earth, or Sand, or of any other Materials whatsoever, in or upon which there shall be, or be made or impressed, or which will make or impress the Figure, Stamp, Refembhnce or Similitude of both or either of the Sides or Flats of aity Gold or Silver Coin, current within this Kingdom, not flail knowingly make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or aifift in the making or mending of any Edgcr or Edging T ool, Instrument, or Engine, not of common Use in any Trade, but contrived for making of Money round the Edges with Letters, Grainiiigs, or other Marks or Figures resembling those on the Edges of Money coined in His Majesty's Mint, nor any Press for Coinage, nor any cutting Engine, for cutting round Blanks by Force of a Screw out of flatted Bars of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, nor shall knowingly buy or sell, hide or conceal, or without lawful Authority or sufficient Excuse for that Purpose, knowingly have in his, her or their Houses, Custody or possession, any such Puncheon, Counter Puncheon, Matrix, Stainp, Dye, Edgcr, cutting Engine, or other Tool or Instrument before mentioned; and if any Smith, Engraver, Founder, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, (other than and except as aforesaid) shall offend in any the Matters or Things aforesaid, then all and every such Offender and Offender', their Courifellors, Procurers, Aiders and Abettors, shall be, and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of High Trenfon, and being of the said Offences, or any of them, convicted or attainted, according to the Order and Course of the Laws of this Realm, flail suffer Death as in case of High Treason.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the said fifteenth Day of May, shall without lawful Authority for that Purpose, wittingly or know

f His Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London, or out of any

other

6 & J IV L - C For the l.or.ti- nuance of thelc Duties see9Ss

10 W. 3. C 27.

11 & 13 W. 3. C 11.

3 & 4 Ann. C t; Anna;, C 19. 6 Annae, C 5.

1 Geo. 1. flat. r. C 12. §* S.

6 & 7 W. 3. C 7.

7 Ann. C 25.

Geo. X C 6.

ingiy convey or assist in the conveying out of

1 Mar. Jeff, 2.

r. 6.

14 El, C 3.

3 Male's P. C 376.

No Smith, S C except employed in the Mint, C flail make nr mend any Dye, C to (lamp any cut rent Coin of Gold or Silver, nor make any edging Tool, See. nor coining Press, nor cutting Engine, nor bavin their Custody any such.

o(lenders, See. guilty nf High Treason, and ai.ill fuller Death,

Persons conveying out of the Mint any Puncheon, ac. an 1

672

concealing the same, to be guilty of High J leafon,

Like Penalty on Persons marking the Edges of any counterfeit Coin,

or colouring, gilding, C any Coin resembling the current Coin,

Puncheon, Dye, &c. found in the Possession of any Person not employed in the Mints, may be seized and produced in Evidence.

Counterfeit Money, C produced in Evidence or otherwise, to be afterwards cut in Pieces.

Persons blanching Copper for Sale, or mixing blanched Copper with Silver, cor taking or paying counterfeit milled Money, C

to he guilty of Felony.

Attainder by this at not to make Corruption of Blood, C

By what Evidence Offenders may be con yifted.

C 26. Anno octavo 6c nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

other of His Majesty's Mints, any Puncheon, Counter Puncheon, Matrix, Dye, Stamp, Edger, cutting Engine, Press, or other Tool, Engine or Instrument used for or about the coining of Moneys there, or any useful Part of such Tools or Instruments, that then as well the said Person and Persons so offending, their Counsellors, Procurers, Aiders or Abettors, as also all and every Person and Persons knowingly receiving, hiding or concealing the same, shall be, an is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of High Treason, and being of the said Offences, or any of them, convicted or attainted, according to the Order and Course of the Laws of this Realm, shall suffer Death as in case of High Treason.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons (other than the Persons employed in His Majesty's Mint or Mints, or such as shall have Authority from the Lords commissioner of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer of England for the time being) shall after the said fifteenth Day of May mark on the Edges any the current Coin of this Kingdom, or if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall mark on the Edges any of the diminished Coin of this Kingdom, or any counterfeit Coin resembling the Coin of this Kingdom, with Letters or Grainings, or other Marks or Figures like unto those on the Edges of Money coined in His Majesty's Mint, every such Offence shall be and is hereby adjudged to be High Tteafon, and the Offender and Offenders therein, his and their Counsellors, Procurers, Aiders and Abettors, being thereof convicted or attainted according to the Order and Course of the Laws of this Realm, shall suffer Death as in case of High Treason.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the said fifteenth Day of May, shall colour, gild, or case over with Gold or Silver, or with any Wash or Materials 'producing the Colour of Gold or Silver, any Coin resembling any the current Coin of this Kingdom, or any round Blanks of base Metal, or of coarse Gold or coarse Silver of a fit Size and Figure to be coined into counterfeit milled Money resembling any the Gold or Silver Coin of this Kingdom, or if any Person or Persons shall gild over any Silver Blanks of a fit Size and Figure to be coined into Pieces resembling the current Gold Coin of this Kingdom, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, their Counsellors, Procurers, Aiders and Abettors, shall be, and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of High Treason, and being convicted or attainted thereof, according to the Order and Course of the Laws of this Realm, shall suffer Death as in case of High Treason.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Puncheon, Dye, Stamp, Edger, cutting Engine, Press, Flask, or other Tool, Instrument or Engine, used or designed for coining or counterfeiting Gold or Silver Moneys, or any Part of such Tool or Engine, shall, at any Time after the said fifteenth Day of May, be hid or concealed in any Place, or found in the House, Custody, or Possession of any Person or Persons whatsoever, not then employed in the coining of Money in some of His Majesty's Mints, nor having the same by some lawful Authority, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, discovering the same, to seize, and he and they are hereby required to seize the same, and to carry them forthwith to some Justice of Peace of the County, City, or Place where the same shall be so seized, and by him secured, to be produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who final] or may be prosecuted for any such Offence, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof, and after such Time as they or any of them shall have been produced in Evidence, as well the same so produced, as the other so seized, and not made use of in Evidence, and every of them, shall forthwith, by Order of that Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order, and in the Presence of such or some other Justice of the Peace, in case there be no such Trial, be totally defaced and destroyed; if, after the said fifteenth Day of May, any counterfeit or unlawfully diminished Money shall be produced in any Court of Justice, either in Evidence against any Person or Persons for any Offence relating to the counterfeiting or unlawfully diminishing of Money, or otherwise, that then, or immediately after Evidence given, the Judge or Judges of such Court shall cause such Moneys to be cut in Pieces in open Court, or in the Presence of some Justice of the Peace, and then to be delivered to or for such Person or Persons to whom the same of Right shall appertain.

VI. And whereas several Mixtures of Metals have been invented in Imitation of Gold and Silver, and blanched Copper is principally made use of in Imitation of Silver, and seldom, if ever, for any honest or good Purpose Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the said fifteenth Day of May, shall blanch Copper for Sale, or mix blanched Copper with Silver, or knowingly buy or sell, or offer to Sale, blanched Copper alone, or mixed with Silver, or shall knowingly and fraudulently buy or sell, or offer to Sale, any malleable Composition or Mixture of Metals or Minerals, which shall be heavier than Silver, and look, and touch, and wear like Standard Gold, but be manifestly worse than Standard, or shall take, receive, pay, or put off, any counterfeit milled Money, or any milled Money whatsoever unlawfully diminished, and not cut in Pieces, at or for a lower Rate or Value than the same by its Demomination doth or shall import, or was coined or counterfeited for, that then all and every such Person and Persons shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and, being thereof convicted or attainted, according to the Order and Course of the Laws of this Realm, shall suffer Death as in case of Felony.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this al, or anything therein contained, or any Attainder or Attainders of any Person or Persons for any Offence or Offences made Treason or Felony by this Act, shall not in any wise extend, or be judged, interpreted, or expounded, to make any Corruption of Blood to any the Heir or Heirs of any such Offender or Offenders, or to make the Wife of any such Offender to lose or forfeit her Dower of or in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or her Title, Action, or Interest to the same; and that all and every Person or Persons that shall at any Time after the said fifteenth Day of May be accused or impeached of any the Offences made Tteafon or Felony by this Act, shall or may be indicted, arraigned, tried, convicted, or attainted, by suchlike Evidence, and in such Manner and Form, as now are, or may by the Laws of this Realm be had or used against any

Offender

C 27. 673

Offender or Offenders for counterfeiting the King's Money; anything in this Act contained, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the rendring more effectual an Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of His Majesty's offences in 6 Sc

Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and dipping the Coin of this Kingdom; Be it enacted by the 7 V 3. C 17. Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Crimes and Offences, specified and mentioned in the said Act, herd in

may be heard and determined upon Indictment or Presentment either in His Majesty's Court of King's Bends, at a

or before the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of Assize, or general Gaol Delivery. cc2"c,

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the End of Prp(. ionto'(.e

the next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and that no Prosecution shall be made for any Offence in7hr«moivhs. against this Act, unless such Prosecution be commenced within three Months after such Offence committed. By9 & 10 w. [This Act made perpetual by 7 Anna, cap. 25. fedt. 3. and by fedt. 2. the Makers or Menders of Tools 3- C1. §. 1. are to be prosecuted within six Months.! 1>ci'r°n itu>r

ddacc counter,

\ Money. See further i Ann. sat. I. C 9, and 15 Geo % t. C 28.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cases of Escapes, and for preventing Abuses in Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

WHEREAS by reason of the many grievous Extortions and ill Practises of such Persons who have for several Years pass respectively executed the Offices of Marshal of the King's Bench, War ' den of the Fleet, and Keeper of the marjisalfea, Newgate, and other Prisons, and by several pretended privileged Places within this Realm, both Creditors and Debtors have been notoriously abused, and the 14 FI. C 7.

good Intents of the Law wholly eluded For Reformation thereof be it enacted by the King's most Ex vk! C cetlent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, a7 j4;

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, i hat from and after the first Day Prisoners in the of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, all Prisoners, either upon Contempt or Mesne Process, icing's Bench or or in Execution, who are or shall be committed to the Custody of the Marshal of the Kings Bench Prison, f1.cctt° b. c. or Warden of the Fleet, shall be actually detained within the said Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet, or - heru'c r the respective Rules of the same, until they shall be from thence discharged by due Course of Law; and if Keeper foffering

at any Time from and after the said first Day of May, the said Marshal or Warden, or any other Keeper them to go at

or Keepers of any Prison, shall permit and suffer any Prisoner committed to their Custody, either on Mesne without Process or in Execution, to go or be at large out of the Rules of their respective Prisons (except by virtue jjabeaa corpus of some Writ of Habeas Corpus, or Rule of Court, which Rule of Court shall not be granted but by an

tion made or Petition read in open Court) every such going or being out of the said Rules shall be adjudged For the Mint see and deemed, and is hereby declared to be an Escape, Geo. 1. c.ts.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, Upon Judgement

every Person or Persons obtaining Judgement in any Action of Escape against the find Marshal or Warden, in a&fon of e or their respective lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall and may have, not only the several Remedies already escape

by Law allowed for obtaining Satisfaction thereon, but the Judges of the respective Courts where such "caeral Judgement shall be obtained (upon Oath before them made by the Person or Persons obtaining such por satisfaction. Judgement, that the same was obtained without Fraud or Covin, and that the Debt of the Prisoner making such Escape was a true and real Debt and unsatisfied) shall, upon Motion made to them in open Court for Mod. Cases in that Purpose, sequester the Fees and Profits of the Office of Marshal or Warden, or so much, or such Part Caw 350, or Proportion thereof, as the said Court wherein such Motion shall be made shall think fit and reasonable, with respect to the Debt or Debts due from such Prisoner or Prisoners so escaping, and in the first Place apply the same towards Satisfaction of the Debt or Debts due from the Prisoner or Prisoners who escaped, together with all Costs and Damages recovered in such Action of Escape.

III. And to the end that such Satisfaction may not be deferred by any Writ of Error brought for Delay

only, be it enacted, That if the said Marshal or Warden, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, shall at Marital, a C any Time after the said first Day of May sue forth any Writ or Writs of Error to reverse any Judgement fu, ns awm of given in any Action of Escape, such Marshal or Warden, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, shall be obliged to put in special Bail, or in Default thereof no Execution shall be stayed, nor any Sequestration the Profits delayed. Bail,

IV. And whereas it is notorious that diverse great Sums of Money and other Rewards have been given ' to, and actually received by, the several Persons executing the respective Offices of Marfrtal and Warden,

' and other Keepers of the several Prisons within this Kingdom, to assist or permit Prisoners in their Cuf ' tody to escape, in open Defiance and Contempt of the Laws of this Realm For preventing the like Evil Practice for the Time to come. Be it further enacted, That if any Marshal or Warden, or their respective Penalty on the Deputy or Deputies, or any Keeper of any other Prison within this Kingdom, shall take any Sum of Mo Marital, C ney, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, or Security for the same, to procure, aifift, connive at, or permit uk, ns iny R any such Escape, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, the said Marshal or Warden, or their respective ^prlftnepte' Deputy or Deputies, or such other Keeper of any Prisons as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit escape, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and his said Office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any such Office., 1

V. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend, or be construed to This Aa potto, extend to make void such Securities, or any of them, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be given by volj Securities any Prisoner or Prisoners for his or their Lodging or Lodgings without the aforesaid Prisons, or either of fn^wiririn the them, within the Rules of the said Prisons of King's Bench and Fleet, or either of them, so as such Secu i<ules of the ri

Vol. III 4 lb rity Prisons.

67# G. 27v

Anno octavo 5c nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

rity or Securities be not taken for the Enlargement of any Prisoner or Prisoners out of or beyond the Rules, of the said Prisons of King's Bench and Fleet, or either of them respectively. freshvurftfft to ^1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, te sivcn in Evi n0 retaking on frefti Pursuit shall be given in Evidence on the Trial of any Issue in any Action of Escape dtnee on Ac against the said Marshal or Warden, pr their respetslive Deputy or Deputies, or against any other Keeper tion ofefcapc, or Keepers of any other Prison or Prisons as aforesaid, unless the same be specially pleaded, nor shall any nnkfs speediy special Plea be taken, received, or allowed, unless 'Oath be first shade in Writing by the Marshal or war lv^fptclmea ^en' or their respective Deputy or Deputies, or by such other Keeper of Keepers of any other Prison or unldsnpnnoath Prisons aj_ aforesaid, against whom such Action shall be brought, and filed, in the proper jdffice of the re that the Escape xvas without Content of the fyjarflwl,

Prisoner in Kxe

Escape.

Penalty on mar shall, C refilling to give a Note whether a Person be Prifo tier, or not.

Such Note to be sufficient Evidence.

Conveyances of the kings

speptive Courts, that the Prisoner for whose Escape such Action is brought did without his Consent, Privity, or Knowledge make such Escape; and if such Affidavit shall at any Time afterwards appear to be false, and the Marshal or Warden, or other Keeper or Keepers of any other Prison or Prifoils, shall be convicted thereof by due Gourse of Law, such Marshal or Warden, or other Keeper or Keepers of any other Prison or Prisons, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time after the ma^be rital eri* f May, any Prisoner who is or shall be committed in Execution to either or any of the said

by Ly new Ca respective Prisons, flaall escape from thence by any Ways or Means howsoever, the Creditor or Creditors, plas. at whose Suit such Prisoner was charged in Execution at the Time of his Escape, shall or may retake such Prisoner by any new Capias, or Capias ad satisfaciendum, or sue forth any other Kind of Execution on the Judgement, as if the Body of such Prisoner had never been taken in Execution, toihetv prtoner e it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Marshal or Warden for the

it shall bean.ner' tree being, or respective Deputy or Deputies, or other Keeper or Keepers of any other Prison or Prisons, shall, after one day's Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, refuse to show any Prisoner committed in Execution to the Creditor at whose Suit such Prisoner was committed or charged, or to his Attorney, every such Refusal shall be adjudged to be an Escape in Law.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, desiring to charge any Person with any Action or Execution, shall desire to be informed by the said Marshal or Warden, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, or by any other Keeper or Keepers of any other Prison or Prisons, whether such Person be a Prisoner in his Custody, or not, the said Marshal 'or Warden, or such other Keeper or Keepers of any other Prison or Prisons, shall give a true Note in Writing thereof to the Person so requesting the same, or to his lawful Attorney, upon Demand at his Office for that Purpose, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if such Marshal or Warden, or their re speeftive Deputy or Deputies exercising the said Office, or other Keeper or Keepers of any other Prison or Prisons, shall give a Note in Writing that such Person is an actual Prisoner in his or their Custody, every such Note shall be accepted and taken as a sufficient Evidence that such Person was at that Time a Prisoner in actual Custody.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the four and twentieth Day

- of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven, all and every the Conveyances, Grants, and Mortgages of

Prison/^/1 to ^n'ler^ance f the aforesaid Prisons of King's Bench and Fleet, or either of them, and of the Prison

te inrolled." houses, Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and other Hereditaments to the said Prisons of King's Bench and

Fleet or either of them respectively belonging, or in any wise appertaining, and all Leases thereof, and the respective Titles of the Marshal of the King's Bench and Warden of the Fleet Prisons thereunto, or of him or them in whom the Inheritance or Inheritances of, in, and to the said Prisons, and prison houses, and Premises, or either of them, now are, and all Trusts and Declarations of Trusts thereunto, or unto either of them relating, shall be inrolled (viz.) that of the Marshal of the King's Bench in the King's Bench Court, Future Convey and that of the warden of the Fleet in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, and that all future c011 anees, C to be vc/ances, Grants, and Mortgages, of the Inheritance of the said Prisons of King's Bench and Fleet, or of Mouths after Whiter of them, or of any Part of either of them, and all Leases thereof, and all Trusts and Declarations of Execution tae Truflrthereunto or unto either of them relating, shall be so inrolled in the respective Courts, as aforesaid,

of, or else to be within six Months next after the executing of every or any such Conveyances, Grants, Mortgages, or

void. Leases, or such Trusts or Declarations of Trusts thereunto or unto either of them relating, or of any of

them; and if any such Conveyances, Grants, or Mortgages, of the Inheritance of the said Prisons of King's Bench o'r Fleet, or either of them, or of any Part of either of them, or any such Trusts or Declarations of Trust thereunto Or unto either of them relating, or any Leases of the said Premises, be not so inrolled within the Times limited as aforesaid, in the said Courts respectively, as aforesaid, that then and in such afe, as well the present as all future Conveyances, Grants, and Mortgages of every of them, and the Inheritance of the said Prisons of King's Bench and Fleet, or either of them, or of any Part of either of them, and all Leases thereof, and all Trusts and Declarations of Trusts thereunto, or unto any of them relating, shall be and are hereby declared to be utterly void and of none Effect:, as if the same had never been executed

; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Office of Mar

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May,

dial and Warden the said Offices of Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and Warden of thz Fleet, and each of them, shall of tch execute by the several Persons to whom the Inheritance of the Prisons, prison houses, Lands, Tene

n^be executed roeotsj and other Hereditaments, of the said Prisons of King's Bench and Fleet, or either of them, shall then by those who belong; or appertain respectively, in his or their respective proper Person or Persons, or by his or their suffi bavethe inhc cient Deputy or Deputies; for which Deputy or Deputies, and for all Forfeitures, Escapes, and other tnnee of the said Misdemeanours, in their respective Offices by such Deputy or Deputies permitted, suffered, or committed, the said Person or Persons, in whom the aforesaid Inheritances respectively are or flail then be, shall be answer epu ics, ab]ej a!1j fh, profits and aforesaid Inheritances of the said several Offices shall be sequestered, seized, or extended to make Satisfaction 'for such Forfeitures, Escapes, and Misdemeanours respectively, as if permitted,

A.D. 1697. Anno pavo Sc nono guliei^mi IH. C 27. 67^5

suffered, or committed by the Person cr Per fops themselves, or either of them, in whom the refractive inheritances of the said Prifpns flip.il then be.

XII. And whereas the Way of proceeding against the Warden of the Fleet Prison by Bill in the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer at tfejlmir/jler is found to be very dilatory, 'Jle it' further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, it shall and may he lawful to and for On mil filed any Person or Persons, having Cause of Action against the Warden of the Fleet Prison, upon Bill filed in wtaen and a the said Courts of Common Pleas or Exchequer against the said Warden, and a Rule being given to plead ruie«i"enoii\ thereto, to be out eight Days at moll after filing such Bill, to sign Judgement against the said Warden of the jihgmem to be Fleet, unless he plead to the said Bill within three Days after such Rule is out.

XIII. And for the more easy and quick obtaining of Judgement against any Person or Persons who now is preadud to or hereafter shall be a Prisoner or Prisoners in the aforesaid Prison of the Fleet, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, it shall and may be lawful to and for Copy of dech any Person or Persons, who hath or shall have any Cause of Action against any Prisoner or Prisoners, who ratior <kiiver»d now is, or are, or hereafter shall be committed to the said Prison of the Fleet, after filing or entering of a Declaration in such Action with the proper Officer, to deliver a Copy of such Declaration or Declarations madethcreor, to any such Defendant or Defendants in any personal action or Actions, or to the Turnkey or Porter of piauuiff to ii ea the said Fleet Prison, and, after Rule given thereupon to plead, to be out at eight Days at most after Deli Judgement, very of such Copy of Declaration or Declarations, and Affidavit made, of such Delivery before the Lord Chief Justice, or one other of the justices of the Common Pleas, or before the Lord Chief Baron, or some other of the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer at ifejhninfler, 'of the Delivery of such declaration or Declarations to the Defendant or Defendants in such Aaiofi" or Afliqns, or to the Turnkey or Porter of the said Fleet Prison, as aforesaid, to sign Judgement in such Actiont or Actions against such Defendant or Defendants, as if such Defendant or Defendants had been actually 'charged at the Bar of the Common Pleas or Exchequer with such Action or Actions; any Law, Statute, Usage of Custom, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

[No Prisoner t

XIV. And whereas great Sums of Money have been and are still taken of the Prisoners of the aforesaid Prisons of King's Bench, and Fleet, and other Prisons, under Pretence of Chamber Rent, although the said

have not had the actual Possession of any Chamber within the said Prisons, or any of them: 'than v^ifa'n

For the avoiding of that Inconvenience for the future. be it enacted, That from and after the said first Day actualpofifeflioa,; <of May, no Prisoner or Prisoners shall pay, or be compellable to pay any Chamber Rent for.ariy Chamber nor pay abo»e_ within either or any of the said Prisons, for any longer Time than he or they is of are actually in Possession? Pir

of the said Chamber or Chambers, and that during such Time as he or they is or are actually in Possession Veek'.

of any such Chamber or Chambers within either or any of the said Prisons as aforesaid, such Prisoner or Prisoners shall not pay above the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence per Week for any such Chamber; and if Penalty on de the Marllial of the King's Bench Prison, Warden of the Fleet, or Keeper of Keepers of any other Prison or lmnc! ", S molct Prisons, as aforesaid, shall take or demand any greater Sum or Spin's of Money for the Use of such Chamber, than the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence per Wepk, he or they To taking or demanding shall in such Case, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XV. And for the preventing for the future the many notorious and scandalous practices used in many pretended privileged Places in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark

in the County of Surrey, by obstructing the Execution of legal Process there, and thereby defrauding and cheating great Numbers of People of their honest and just Debts Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, it shall and mgy be lawful for any Person or Persons, who have or hath any Debt or Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due or owing to him from any Person or Persons who now is, or hereafter shall be and reside within the White Friars, Savoy, Salisbury Court, Pretended pr! Ram Alley, Mitre Court, fuller's Rents, baldwin's Gardens, Montague Close, or the Minories, Mint, Clink, vi!c&cti Places, or Dcadman s Place, upon legal Process taken out against such Person or Persons, to demand and require the

Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, Head Bailiff of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, or High Sheriff of s1pr'.^s,crmay the County of Surrey, or Bailiff of the Liberty of the Borough of Southwark fox the time being (as the Case shall require, if the Plaintiff think it requisite) or their respective Deputy or Deputies, Officer or Officers, in the raid pi take, and they are hereby enabled respectively.tp take the Posse Corriitatus, or such other Power as to him vileged Places, or them or any of them, shall seem requisite, and enter the said pretended privileged Places, and any or M Procets, ex either of them (as the Case shall require] and to arrest, and in Case of Resistance or Refusal to open the ent ot Execu" Doors, to break open ar.y Door or Doors to arrest such Person or Persons upon any Mesne or other Process, tlon*

Extent or Execution, or to same the Goods of any such Person or Persons upon any Execution or Extent;

and if the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Head Bailiff, or their Deputy or Deputies, Officer or Officers, of either Penalty on siie

or any of them shall neglect or refuse (upon such request) with such force to do their best Endeavours for the executing of such Process, Execution or Extend he or they so neglecting or refusing to execute such to

Process, Execution or Extent, shall forfeit to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action the Sum of oneproctis;

hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which ho Essoin,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and if in the executing of, and on thois such Process, Execution or Extent, guy Person or Persons shall oppose Or resist any such Officer or Officers, who oppose of or any of them, or any who shall be aiding or assisting to him, them, Or any of them, in the executing, of ficers ln'ec'j' such Process, Execution or Extent, he or they so offending shall, for every Time he or they shall so offend, le J "'tv forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and moreover shall be by some Justice of; Peace committed to the common Gaol of such County, City or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until the next Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and general Gaol Delivery, to be held for such County, City or Place; and such Offender or Offenders being of such Offence or Offences duly convicted, every such Offender shall sufferand undergo such imprisonment, and be set in the Pillory, as the Court where such Conviction shall be shall think fit; and if any Refcous shall be made of any Prifofier

'R r'" takers.

676 C 27.'

Anno octavo & Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

Penalty for retaken by any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, upon any such Process, Execution or Extent, within the feuing a Paso Limits of any the before mentioned pretended privileged Places, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, such Person or Persons, so making such Refcous, or aiding, assisting or abetting the same, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall respectively forfeit to the Plaintiff in any such Action the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, in which Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and if after such Recovery had against any Person or Persons for such Rescous, or for aiding, assisting or abetting the same, the Person or Persons against whom such Recovery shall he had, shall refuse or neglect to pay to the Plaintiff" in such Action, or to his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, the Sum or Sums recovered, with full Costs of Suit, within one Month after Judgement signed upon such Recovery, and Demand made, that then the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, upon producing a Copy of the Judgement upon which such Recovery shall be had, and Oath made that the Money recovered is not paid, shall, by Order of such Court wherein the said Person or Persons was or were so convicted, of or for any such Refcous, or for aiding, assisting or abetting the same, be transported by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, City or Place where such conviction shall happen to be, to one of His Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, there to remain for the Space of seven Years; and if the Person or Persons so transported, shall return again to this kingdom within the Space of seven Years, he, she or they so returning, shall be and is hereby adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall not be allowed the Benefit of Clergy, but shall suffer and forfeit as in Cases of Felony Person harbour where Clergy is not allowed; and if any Person or Persons, inhabiting within either or any of the aforesaid ing or conceal pretended privileged Places, shall receive, conceal or harbour any Person or Persons, who shall have made b^trans? a any Rescous as aforesaid, he, she or they so receiving, concealing or harbouring any such Person or Persons, for ^yeart un knowing or having had Notice that such Person or Persons had been guilty of such Offence, seeing thereof lei's he pay the convicted by due Course of Law, shall be, by Order of that Court where such Conviction shall nappen to debt and Costs, be, by the Sheriff <' Sheriffs of the County, City or Place where the Offence was committed, transported to some or one of His Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, there to remain for the Space of seven Years, unless such Person or Persons shall, within the Space of one Month next after such Conviction, pay to the plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit, the full Debt or Duty for which such Action or Suit was brought, with full Costs; and if he, she or they shall return into this Kingdom within the said Space of fe felony to return ven Years, he, she or they so returning, shall be and is hereby adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall not from Transpor be allowed the Benefit of Clergy, but shall suffer and forfeit as in Cases of Felony, where Clergy is not. tatin allowed.

Penalties how to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties before in and by this Act inflidted; and not, bedipoe 0. particularly disposed of, shall go one Half to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to him or them that will sue for the same, to be recovered as aforesaid.

This Act to be

[Double Costs.]

XVII. And for the Prevention of Disputes touching this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and erfonstu at the same, and every Clause and Thing therein contained, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be CD for executing a general Law, and that it shall not be needful to show or set forth the same or any Clause thereof in Plead — the same may ing, and that the same, and all Clauses therein, shall be construed most largely and beneficially for the pre piead the Gene venting of all the Mischiefs, Abuses, Escapes, and other Inconveniences herein provided against; and fur ral Blue, aether, that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued for putting in Execution any Power or Authority given by this Act, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give in Evidence this Act, and the special Matter; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action shall be nonsuit, or a Verdict given for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs discontinue their Action, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, every such Defendant or Defendants shall have his or their

XVIII. Saving unto Martha johnjon Widow, Thomas johnjon, and John johnjon, Sons of the said Martha, and Frances her Daughter, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Right, Title, Estate, Equity, Interest and Demand, as she or they now have, or shall or may have, challenge or claim, of, in or unto all or any the Houses and Shops belonging to the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, or to the Prison of the Fleet, herein before contained, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as she or they had before the making of this Act, as if this Act had never been had or made.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice, impeach, or lessen any Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money"' made or given, by or out of the said Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, or the Profits thereof, by jvullam le?ithall

Lenthall Esq to e^lu're> to Sir John Cutler Baronet deceased, or to Edmund Boulter Esquire, Executor of the said Sir John sirjoim Cutler, Cutler, or to any other Person or Persons in trust for them or either of them, or to subject the said Office, or the Profits thereof, or the Person or Persons in whom the same are or shall be veiled, to any of the Forfeitures or Penalties in this Act contained, other than such as they are or may be liable unto before the making of this Act, until such Sum or Sums of Money, secured thereby, shall be fully satisfied and paid; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. Saving unto Anthony Smith Mariner, His Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Right, Title, Estate, Equity, Interest and Demand, as he or they now have, or shall or may have, challenge or claim, of, in or unto the Office of Warden of the Fleet, or the Prison of the Fleet, or all or any of the Houses and Shops belonging to the Office of Warden of the Fleet, or to the Prison of the Fleet, or herein before contained (by virtue of two Decrees in Chancery, the one of them made the two and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty three, and the other of them the six and twentieth Day of January one thousand six hundred eighty-five, whereby four hundred twenty-five Pounds, and the Interest thereof, was and is decreed to be paid' to the said Anthony Smith out of the said Office, Houses, Shops and Appurtenances, after a Mortgage made thereof by Thomas Bromball unto Henry Norwood Esquire was

satisfied)

[Double Costs.]

Defendant to have

Right of Martha Johnson, C fayed*

This Act not to

prejudice the Securities made by William

& C

4 Co. Sij 82.

Rifsht of Anthony Smith fayed.

C 28. 677

satisfied) as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as he or they had before the making of this.

at, and as if this Act had never been had or made.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed, construed or adjudged, Risht of though to take away, lelfen, charge or prejudice the Right, Title or Interest of Thomas Norwood, surviving exe mas n°rwoo.d' cutor of Henry Norwood, as for, touching or concerning a Debt of two thousand one hundred fifty and j'" 0 bcprcju' three Pounds, and Interest, secured to the said Henry Norwood, by virtue of a Mortgage of the Office of '

Warden of the Fleet Prison, bearing Date the twenty-third Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and six, or so much thereof as is justly due thereupon; nor to takeaway, lelfen or prejudice the Right, Title or Interest of John Clements of the Middle Temple, London, Gentleman, r, as for, touching or concerning a Debt of two thousand two hundred ninety-nine Pounds, and Interest, fe elements. cured to the said John Clements, in trust for himself and others, by virtue of a Mortgage of the said Office of Warden, bearing Date the third Day of May one thousand six hundred seventy and eight, or so much thereof as is justly due thereupon.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Deputation or Deputa Deputations tions, Grant or Grants, at any Time heretofore made or executed by William Lenthall Esquire, of the said 8ranl«d by wii office of Marshal of the marjhalfca of the said Court of Ling's Bench, is and are hereby declared void and Ltn'hall of none Effect; and that all and every succeeding Marshal shall from time to time, and at all Times here wccd°ng'mu after, be constituted and appointed by the said William Lenthall, his Heirs and Assigns, by and with the fl, als to Sc coni Consent in Wi iting_under the Hand and Seal of Edmund Boulter Esquire, his Executors, Administrators and ftitutud by him Assigns, until the Debt owing by the said William Lenthall to the said Edmund Boulter, Executor of Sir with the Con john Cutler Baronet deceased, be satisfied. font of Edmund

J'Boulter.

Farther Provisions concerning Prisoners, C 1 r & 72 TV. 3. C ig. I Ann. fiat. 2. C 6. 5 Ann. c. 9.9 Geo. I. C 23. II Geo. 1. c. 21. 11 Geo. 2. r. 20,

j Geo. C 31. 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 £? 17. and 32 Geo. a. C 28.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the better Observation of the course anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequers

FOR the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the good,

' 1* sure, and regular Methods established, enacted, or appointed to be.observed and kept by the rel pec

tive Officers and Ministers of the said Receipt, in all Matters concerning Receipts, Payments, or other.

Businessto be there transacted or performed, whereupon the preserving and improving of the public Cre ' dit do chiefly depend be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and withi the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of Abril one thou Tellers of the sand six hundred ninety seven, from time to time, as any. Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever shall be Exchequer, on brought to the Receipt of the Exchequer to be. there paid, either byway of Loan or Advance, or for or kec^tl° * upon Account of any Tax, Aid, Imposition, Revenue, or any other Cause or Occasion whatsoever, the ^7 o thtow respective Teller or Tellers of the said Receipt, into whose Office or Offices the same shall be broughtmr Howna Eillinto tendred; as soon as the said Sum or Sums of Money shall be so brought or tendred, if the Officers and Mi the taileycourc nifters belonging to the Talley Court in the said Receipt be then attending, or else as soon as the same Of for 3 Tailey to ficers and Ministers shall be attending for the levying a Talley or Tallies for the same, shall without Delay j^n^an/be'1^ receive the said Money so brought or tendred, and weighing the same in entire Sums or otherwise, and chargedwiththf. -- making, due Entry of the Weight and Tale thereof (according to the ancient Course) shall throw down or Sum received. cause to be thrown down a Bill or Bills written upon Parchment, 'and signed by such Teller or Tellers, into the said talley Court, whereby a Talley or Tallies (according to the Nature of the Payment) may be duly levied for the Discharge or Safety of the King's Subjects or others who shall make such Payments, and whereby the said Teller or tellers may plainly and fairly be charged with the Sum or Sums so by him or them received, as Money in his or their Custody being and remaining within the said Receipt of Exchequer and that any such Teller or Tellers, into whose Office or Offices any Sum or Sums of Money shall Penalty on tel be brought or tendred to be lent or paid to the King as aforesaid, or any Clerk, Substitute, or Person em lere not duly ployed or to be employed by any such teller or Tellers in the Business of his or their Office or Offices, mk

shall not for such Money so brought or tendred give any Note importing a Depojitum, or any other private jcntv or paid to" Note, Obligation, or Security whatsoever, to prevent or hinder the due charging thereof in the Exchequer tl.t King. as aforesaid, upon Pain that any Teller who shall offend against. this Act, by neglecting, delaying or refusing to receive, and duly to charge himself with such Money as shall be brought or tendred to be lent or paid to the King as aforesaid, or by giving any private Note, Obligation or Security for any such Money, whereby to prevent or hinder the due charging thereof in the Exchequer, as this Act requires, shall for such Offence forfeit his Office, and be disabled to serve His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in the same or any other Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and moreover for every such Offence shall forfeit and lose double Damages to the King, or the Party who shall suffer by such Neglect, Delay, Refusal, Prevention or '

Hindrance, besides full Costs of Suit, to be recovered as is herein after mentioned; and that all and every Penalty ontev the Clerks, Substitutes, or Persons employed or to be employed by any such Teller in the Business of his lets Clerks of or their Office or Offices, who shall offend against this Act, by giving any private Note, Obligation or Southeast a8a'me curity, for any such Money so brought or tendred to be lent or paid to the King, whereby or by Means tus whereof the due charging the same, or any. Part thereof, in the Exchequer shall he prevented or hindered, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lole double the Sum for which such private Note, Obligation or Security shall be given (to wit) one Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety to such Person and Persons as will inform and sue for the same, and shall also for any such Offence be removed and expelled from the said Receipt.

(678 C 28.

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

ceived.

10 5c 11 W. 3 C 22. 14.

Exception.

Penalty on Tel lets Clerk, fcc.

'no Teller, C

No Teller to

II. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the salt! twentieth charge himiclf j')ay Of Jpril one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no Teller in the said Receipt of Exchequer shall charge Monies but1 ° himself by his Bill with the Receipt of any Moneys in the Exchequer, but at such Times as the Officers of when Officers of the Talley Court, their Deputies, or Substitutes, shall be there present, to levy a Talley or Tallies for the the Talley Court same; nor shall any Teller, or other Person employed by him, throw down, or cause to be thrown down are present, nor into the said Court, any Bill or Bills, owning or purporting the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money throwdowna frofn any Lender of Money, Receiver, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon which Bill or.bills to bedrock una Talley or Tallies are to be levied, according to the Course of the said Receipt, unless such Teller re tii the Money spectively, or his Clerics, or Persons employed by him, shall have actually received, and have then in his be afluillyrc Office the very Money which shall be specified in such Bill or Bills respectively, except in such Cases where Tallies are or shall be levied by the special Warrants or Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or so many of them as shall be appointed to be a Quorum for the time being, or of the Treasurer of the iexchequer for the time being, or where the Person for whom any Talley or Tallies shall be levied, or to whom such Money shall be directed to be issued, shall at the same Time, or on the same Day of throwing down the said Bill or Bills, give a Discharge according to the Course of the Exchequer, upon some Order or Debenture for the Money for which such Bill shall be so thrown down, pursuant to the like Warrant or Penalty on Tel Directions to be had and received for that Purpose; Pain that any Teller who shall offend against this lev or Deputy act, by charging himself by his Bill at such dimes as the Officers of the Talley Court, their Deputies or offending. Substitutes, shall not be there present as aforesaid, or by throwing down his Bill or Bills, without first receiving and having the Money therein specified in his Office as aforesaid (except in such Cases as are before excepted) shall for such Offence incur the like Forfeiture of Office and Disability as are before mentioned, and for every such Offence shall forfeit and lese double the Sum so unduly charged by him (to wit) one Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will inform and sue for the same; and if such Offence shall be committed by any Clerk or Substitute of such L eller, then such Clerk or Substitute, for every such Offence, shall forfeit double the Sum so unduly charged, in like Manner, and shall be removed and expelled from the said Receipt.

III. And to the end that none of His Majesty's Treasure, which shall be charged in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and ought to be there remaining, may be made use of or disposed without sufficient and lawful Authority in that Behalf, it is hereby ulfo enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Teller in the said Receipt of Exchequer, or any Clerk or Substitute of such Teller, after the Bill or Bills of such Teller shall be thrown down into the said Talley court, to charge him with any Sum or Sums of Money

Mofieou tof his which ought to be in his Office, shall dispose, lend, pay, issue, make use of, or by any Way or Device office!"without'5 whatsoever shall trust or depart with such Money, or any Part thereof, out of his Office, without an Oran Order from der or Debenture for the same to be first: made forth and directed by the Auditor of the said Receipt for the the Auditor of time being, and recorded by the Clerk of the Pells for the time being, and taking a Receipt to discharge tbckeceipt, C t)le Ring, according to the ancient Course and Practice of the said Receipt, under the like Forfeitures, Disability, and Penalties to be incurred by such Tellers, their Clerks, and Substitutes respectively, for so doing, as are by this Act provided and to be inflicted for unduly charging any Money before it is actually received and in the Office, as aforesaid.

IV. And that the King's Service, or the Business of particular Persons, to be transacted at the said Receipt from time to time, may not be delayed or prejudiced, Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, the Chamberlains or Deputy Chamberlains, and such other Officers, Ministers, Clerks, and Deputies, as do belong to the Talley Court, and are necessary for the levying of Tallies, shall daily, except upon Sundays, and such other Holidays as have been commonly observed at the Receipt of Exchequer, constantly attend there in their several Places, at least from eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, till one of the Clock

slckn<jf' n the Afternoon in every Year from ladyday to Michaelmas, and from nine of the Clock in the Forenoon sup to'002 the Clock in the Afternoon in every Year from Michaelmas to ladyday, without absenting themselves

from the same, unless they respectively be sick, or have Leave of Absence, to be obtained from the of the Treasury, or the Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being; in which Cases of Sickness, or Leave of Absence, the Room or Place of such Person flek, or having Leave to be absent, shall be sufficiently supplied in the mean Time as hath been accuftonied; upon Pain that any such Officer, Minister, Clerk, or Deputy, absenting himself contrary to this Act, whereby the Business of the King, or of any others: n the said Receipt, shall be delayed or obstructed, shall be liable to answer and make goad, as well to the King as to the Party that shall suffer any Lossor Damage by such Delay or Ob peraity on Of. struction, double Damages, besides full Co ft, s of Suit; and that the Auditor of the said Receipt, and wri tkers or Exchc ter of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, the Clerk of the Pells, the four Tellers, and other the Officers and quer not giving Ministers of the said Receipt for the time being, shall several lv by themselves, at all Times when their own due Attendance. personal Attendance is necessary and required by the ancient Practice and Usage there, and by themselves, or their respective Deputies, Clerks, or Substitutes, at such Times, and for such Matters, wherein they or any of them may aft by a Deputy, Clerk, or Substitute, give such due and constant Attendance in their respective Places, as that His Majesty, Kis Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, who are to receive Money, or have other lawful Occasions there, may not be delayed or prejudiced, for want of the due Attendance of such Officers, 'Ministers, Deputies, Clerks, or Substitutes respectively, under the like Penalty of answering double Damages, besides full Costs of Suit, as aforesaid.

'Officers of the Talley court to a'tend daily, Sundays and Holidays excepted j and in

Penalty on Officer absentin 3 without Leave.

Si K. 3. ft. 5.

Auditors sir (I Clerk, Clerk of the Pulls, and Tellers Officers, uk'jan Oath.

And in Regard the Business of the said Receipt is very much increased of late Years, and that a con fiderabls Trust is reposed in the Chief Clerks there; 'It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first. Clerk in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, the Cleric of the Pells, and of the four Tellers aforesaid, and every of them (who are and shall be appointed by t'nose Officers respectively, with the Approbation of tbs Commissioners of the Treasury, cr the Treasurer of the Exchequer for the

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III C 28. 679

time being) shall be sworn, and take their Corporal Oaths, for the due, just, and faithful Performance of all Matters and Things to be done and performed by such Clerks in the said Offices respectively; and the Oaths to that effect shall and may be administered by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any of them., or by the Treasurer or Under Treasurer of thz Exchequer, or by the Barons of the Court ot Exchequer, or any of them, for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Moneys which Money nor to be < are, or hereafter shall be or remain, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be thence issued or paid, or be p3^011' the deemed to be lawfully issued or paid, but by or in Pursuance of some sufficient Grant or Authority from His t^lh kin "T Majesty, His Heirs or Sticceftors, or from some of His Royal Predecessors, under the Great Seal of England, Authority

or by virtue of some sufficient Authority under the Privy Seal of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or pursuant to some Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf and not otherwise.

VII. And for the better Satisfaction of such Persons as have lent, or shall hereafter lend, any Moneys A Table to be upon the Credit of any Tax, Aid, Imposition, or Revenue already granted, or hereafter to be granted, to UP a, fla His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, it is hereby further e si acted. That there shall be a Table or Tables

made and setup continually at the Door of the Auditor of the said Receipt by him or his Clerks, flieiving n th crc

how far the Officers there have proceeded in the Repayment of Loans made upon the Credit of such payment uf ibe

Taxes, Aids, Impositions, or Revenues, and how far the Moneys which shall be paid into the Exchequer by Loans.

the respective Receivers thereof do extend from time to time to discharge Principal and Interest upon the said Taxes, Aids, Impositions, or Revenues respectively, whereby all Persons concerned at all such

Times when the Office ought to be open, may without Trouble or Difficulty see what Progress is daily '

made in the Repayment of Loans upon the several Registers kept pursuant to any Act of Parliament in that

Behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Auditor of the Receipt for the Auditortoinull" time being shall from time to time (for his just and lawful Fees) duly enter or inroll all Letters Patents, all lectercpa and Letters of Privy Seal, for bluing of the King's Treasure, and shall draw the Orders, or make the De o^e oriffu* bentures for the issuing thereof, as he shall be from time to time required by the Commissioners of the Treat[, e king's" fury, or the Treasurer of the Exchequer, for the time being, and shall keep Entries thereof in Books to be Money, and provided and fairly written for that Purpose, and shall weekly take the Tellers Accounts, and make Cer keep Entries tificate to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Treasurer for the time being, of all Receipts, thereof issues, and Remains of the King's Money there, and shall make out the Impressed Certificates from time to Also to certify time of all Moneys there issued upon Account, or by way of Impressed, and shall transmit the ordinary Im the Tellers Ac Rolls half yearly to the King's Remembrancer, in order to the charging or prosecuting of Account counts weekly, ants, and shall half yearly (to wit) at Eojler and Michelmas, make out and transmit to the said Commission^ftcctfficates ners of the Treasury, or the Treasurer for the time being, the Declaration of the Receipts, Miles, and tranknitthe Remains, at the Excheqiter for every half year fitcceffively; all which Matters and Things, and all other Rolls, C Matters and Things belonging to the Office or Duty of the said Auditor of the Receipt, shall be faithfully and carefully done and performed by the Auditor of the Receipt for the time being, in such Manner as hath been anciently accustomed; that the said Clerk of the Pells for the time being, shall also from time to duts' of, 1) time (for his just and lawful Fees) duly inroll or record all Letters Patents, and Letters of Privy Beal, for p'j[s £, C^- issuing of the King's Treasure, and truly and fairly enter and record all Receipts and issues at the said Ex L'chequer, and shall also take the Tellers weekly Accounts, and make Certificates to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Treasurer for the time being, weekly, of the Receipts, Iflties, and.remains, of the King's Money there, and shall carefully examine all. the Impressed Certificates and Impressed Rolls, and make: and transmit to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the treasurer for the time King, Declara tions of the Receipts, Hues, and Remains, within every half Year and shall therein, and in all other Matters and Things appertaining to the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, faithfully and carefully observe, and cause to be observed, the ancient Course and Method of the said Receipt; and that they the said Au Officers oft&e' ditor of the Receipt, and Clerk o; the Pells, and all other Officers and Ministers of the said Receipt, and Receipt, Clerk?, their Deputies, Clerics, and Substitutes respectively, shall, in the Matters aforesaid, and in all other Mat^and Things concerning their Offices, demean themselves according to their respective Duties, and be cording'o* their t answerable for the same, as well to our Sovereign Lord the king, as to any Person or Persons who may Duties, suffer or be injured by any Neglect or Failure therein.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all: Penalties and Forfeitures for any Penalties, how Offence against this Act, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit, or Into be recovered, C formation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

X Provided always, That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not extend to lessen or dimi this Attnot to nish the lawful Power, Order, Rule, or Government, which the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and trea&iy* the Treasurer for the time being, have and ought to have over the Officers and Ministers of the said Re over the Officer a ceipt, or any other lawful Power which the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Treasurer for the time of thereceipt, being, have and ought to have in the Execution of their Places or Trusts respectively; anything herein, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to alter or change.any nor to alter Re -

of Receipts or Payments by Bills of Credit in the Exchequer, allowed or to be allowed by rarlia ceipts'or?7l merit; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Bifls. C^-

XII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money in the said money to be Receipt shall be kept in Chests under three different Locks, with Keys to each Chest that the Tellers, keptincfcefts»or their Clerks respectively, shall keep but one of the said Keys to each of the said Chests, and that another unkr three Key of each Chest shall be kept by the Clerk of the Pells for the time being, and that the other Key of each £ocks, r _ Chest shall be kept by the eldest of the two Deputy Chamberlains, who are employed in the striking of Trd toe£c'kept,

lies.

Debentures for that Day. Money to be weighed, and then secured in the Cherts*

an Presence of the Teller C

6 Bo C 29, 30.' Anno octavo Sc nono Guglielmi I If. A.D. 1697.

tco Debentures lies for the time being; and that no Orders oi Debentures shall be paid the same Day in which they are to be raid the sent up from the auditor's Office to the Clerk of the Pells (except Orders for the Navy, Ordnance, areftnt^uptoltbe Forces, or for Moneys regiflrcd upon some of the public Registers) to the end the Clerk of the Pells, or Oik of the his senior Clerk in his Absence, the Tellers, or their Clerks, and the Deputy Chamberlains, may know at Pulls, except Or the opening of the Chest or Chests in the Morning what Money to take out for the Service of that Day; <iers for the Na and that the said Clerk of the Pells and Deputy Chamberlains every Morning (Sundays and Holidays ex vy htv'monfs ceptecu at their first coming to the Exchequer, sit all go up to the Tellers, or their Clerks, and having first left with them taken Notice of what Debentures or Orders are directed for Payment, and lie ready to be satisfied, shall every Morning forthwith cause the respective Chest or Chests to opened in their Presence, and so much Money to be taken for Satisfying the out, and left with the Tellers, or their Clerks, as will satisfy the said Debentures or Orders so directed, and ready to be satisfied, and the rest to be safe locked up again; and that every Day before their Departure they shall return to the same Offices, and see all the Money which was received that Day (except what shall have been paid away by Debentures or Orders recorded with the Clerk of the Pells) to be first weighed in the Bags, that so it may be seen or guefted very near, whether the Teller or his Clerk puts in and takes out his Money truly, and a Ticket expressing the Content to be put into each Bag, and so to be secured in the said Chests, under the three Locks aforesaid; in case Money locked up in the said Chests be directed to be ifl ued for the Navy, Ordnance, Forces, or upon any of the said public Registers, so that Payments not to the Payments must not be deferred till the Chests are opened the next Morning, then the said Clerk of be deferred. the Pells and Deputy Chamberlains, upon such Occasion, shall go up forthwith to the Tellers Offices, and see the Chests opened for that Money, and the public Service dispatched without Delay, and the Chefe Clerk of the to be secured again in Manner as aforesaid; when the said Clerk of the Pells, by reason of Sickness, Pells, See. n°wcannot attend, or shall have Leave of absence, it is hereby appointed, That his eideft Clerk shall keep Clerk stc.'todl his Keys of the said Chests, and when the said Deputy Chamberlain shall happen to be sick, or have any keep the Keys. Leave to be absent, then his Keys of the said Chests shall be kept by his Fellow the other Deputy Cham no Money to be berlain; and that no Money shall be taken out of the said Chests, but in the Presence and View of the said taken out, but respective Teller (or his Clerk) and of the Clerk of the Pells, or (in case of Sickness, or Absence with Leave, as aforesaid, of his eideft; Clerk, and likewise of the eideft Deputy Chamberlain, or (in case of his Sickness, or Absence with Leave as aforesaid) of the other Deputy Chamberlain, in the Manner and Form before mentioned.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Auditor of the Receipt by himself, or his Chief Clerk, from and after the twentieth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, do at least, once in every eight and twenty Days call the proper Officers of the said Receipt together, and visit every every Tdkr's' teller's Cash, and by numbering the Bags, opening them, or some of them promiscuously, and (if he Cafii, aedonce things it necessary) by weighing or telling the Money, or any Part thereof, do see that the respective in 3 Months CX tellers have, in real Money, the Remains wherewith he charges them, and that he do, as frequently as amine their he thinks fit, but at least once in every three Months, carefully examine the Tellers Vouchers for the Vouchers. Payments which he allows them in his weekly Certificates.

1 Geo j. C 19. 1 '

Farther Prc'uijions relating to Exchcpw' and Exchequer Bills, 9IV 3. C 2 S? 3. 16 Geo. 2. C It. a Geo. 2. c. 26. 33 Geo. 2. e. I, 18, 21, * 23. I Geo. 3. C I 6? 2*.

CAP. XXIX.

r R. An act for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington., alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of

York. A Farthing per Chaldron on Coals loaden at Newcastle, C to be paid till i May 1704. for rebuilding Burlington Pier. The Moneys raised by this Act to be laid out for repairing the Pier. Justices for the Fast: Riding of Yorkshire once a Year may inspetft the Book, and make Orders for the better Management of the Duties. Commissioners may convey the Duties as Security for Money borrowed. Commissioners to survey and inspect the Repairs of the said Pier, and certify the same to the Justices, who are to fess the Lands mentioned in the Grant of King James I. to the Earl of Holderness, and on Nonpayment to distrain. [Continued by 5 Geo. 1. cap. 10. §. 2. for 25 Years from June 1730.]

CAP. XXX.

An act for supplying some Defeats in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

FORASMUCH as many poor Persons chargeable to the Parish, Township or Place, where they live, merely for Want of Work, would in any other Place where Sufficient Employment is to be had,

maintain themselves and Families, without being burdensome to any Parish, Township or Place, but not being able to give such Security as will or may be expected and required upon their coming to settle themselves in any other Place, and the Certificates that have been usually given in such Cases having

Auditor once in

43 El. r. 2.

Persons coming to inhabit in any Parish or Place, and bringing with them near tjficate under the Churchwardens Hands, C owning them to

be inhabitams of such other Parish, C the said other Parish to provide for them whenever they art P. clicf of the i'a*ifh to which i ich Certificate" fciven.

therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, that from and after the first Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, shall come into any Parish or other Place there to inhabit and reside, flail at the same Time procure, bring and deliver to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish. or Place where any such Person shall come and inhabit, or to any or either of them, a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any other Parish, town fhio or Place, or the major Part of them, or under the Hands and Seals of the Overseers of the Poor of*-'any

n o

6 81

any other Place where there are no Churchwardens, to be attested resp ebtively by two or more credible fxpuinrd by witnesses, thereby owning and acknowledging the Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate to9*= 10 be an Inhabitant or Inhabitants legally settled in that Parish, Township or Phce, every such Certificate, ann e having been allowed of and subscribed by two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, City, C 1 s. \ z. Liberty, Borough or Town Corporate, wherein the Parish or Place, from whence any such Certificate shall Such witness come, doth lie, shall oblige the said Parish or Place to receive and provide for the Person mentioned in t Iweartothe the said Certificate, together with Iris or her Family, as Inhabitants of that Parish, whenever he, she, or cert ficates&e*they shall happen to become chargeable to, or be forced to ask Relief of the Parish, Township or Place, Cc'o.". c'. zg. to which such Certificate was given; and then, and not before, it shall and may he lawful for any such s. " Person, and his or her Children, though born in that Parish, not having otherwise acquired a legal Set Anil frail not lie tlement there, to be removed, conveyed and settled, in the Parish or Place from whence such Certificate n moyed 7fore' was brought. jw r zoi.'

II. And to the end that the Money raised only for the Relief of such as are as well Impotent as Poor, ' may not be misapplied and confirmed by the idle, sturdy and disorderly Beggars; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Personas from and after the first Day of September one thousand Persons rcci IV six hundred ninety seven, shall he upon the Collection, and receive Relief of any Parish or Place, and the ingaimstawear Wife and Children of any such Person cohabiting in the same House (such Child only excepted, as shall shnuurrcf the be by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor permitted to live at Home, in order to have the Care kigucsleeve, of and attend an impotent and helpless Parent) shall upon the Shoulder of the Right Sleeve of the upper moll Garment of every such Person, in an open and visible Manner, wear such Badge or Mark as is herein after mentioned and expressed, that is to say, a large Roman P. together with the first Letter of the Name of the Parish or Place whereof such poor Person is an Inhabitant, cut either in red or blue Cloth, as by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor it shall be directed and appointed: And if any such poor Penalty on re person shall at any Time neglect or refuse to wear such Badge or Mark, as aforesaid, and in Manner as f "r, ns to wear aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, or Town the Badge. Corporate, where any such Offence shall be committed, upon Complaint to him for that Purpose to be made, to punish every such Offender for every such Offence, either by ordering of his or her Relief or usual Allowance on the collebh on to be abridged, suspended, or withdrawn, or otherwise by committing of any such Offender to the Iffoufe of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour, for any

Number of Days not exceeding one and twenty, as to the said Justice in his Discretion it shall seem moult

meet; and if any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, from and after the said first Day of Sep Penalty on

temper, shall relieve any such poor Person not having and wearing such Badge or Mark, as aforesaid, being thereof convicted, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before any Justice poo rivrfonsnot of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, where any such Offence shall be commit wearing focli ted, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of Badge, the Goods of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice; one Moiety thereof to be to the Use of the Informer, and the other to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

III. And for the more effectual preventing of vexatious Removals and frivolous Appeals; Be it further en juflicssonap acted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Justices of the Peace of any County or Riding, in their Ge P" 1 to neral or Quarter sessions of the Peace, upon any Appeal before them there to be had, for and concerning "ki"ent of the Settlement of any poor Person, or upon any Proof before them there to be made, of Notice of any any poor Person such Appeal to have been given by the proper Officer to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of to award Cefts. any Parish or Place (though they did not afterwards prosecute such Appeal) shall, at the same Quarter

Sessions, award and order to the Party for whom and in whole Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, or to whom such Notice did appear to have been given, as aforesaid, such Costs and Charges in the Law, as by the said Justices in their Discretion shall be thought most reasonable and just, to be paid by the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or any other Person, against whom such Appeal shall be determined, or by the Person that did give such Notice, as aforesaid; if the Person ordered to pay such Person ordered Costs shall happen to live in any County, Riding, City, or Town Corporate, or elsewhere, out of the Ju co/lshllv' rifdiction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, jurisdifloi/ruf city, Liberty, or Town Corporate, wherein such Person shall inhabit, and every such Justice is hereby tieeof theconn. required, upon Request to him for that Purpose to be made, and a true Copy of the Order for the Payment tv, where of such Costs produced, and proved by some credible Witness upon Oath, by Warrant under his Hand such Person in and Sea! to eause the Money mentioned in that Order to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods °ffhe* the Person that is ordered and ought to pay the same; and if no such Distress can or may be had, to °cey to e commit such Person to the common Gaol of that County or Liberty, there to remain by the Space of; f, Distress, twenty Days. Offender to be

IV. And whereas some Doubts have arisen touching the Settlement of unmarried Persons, not having committed to Child or Children, lawfully hired into any Parish or Town for one Year; ' Be it therefore enacted and Gjo1; declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Person so hired as aforesaid, shall be adjudged or deemed' n^cem edto to have a good Settlement in any such Parish or Township, unless such Person shall continue and abide ?ood Set. in the same Service during the Space of one whole Year. icmemjnany

V. And whereas by an Act made in the three and fortieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Parish under 1 ' intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, it is amongst other Things enabled. That it shall be law year's Conti full for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, or the greater Part of them, by nuance'

' the after.t of two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the ^heorum, to bind poor Children Ap 43eilz*c>a.

' prentices, where they shall see convenient; but there being Doubts whether the Persons to whom such Children are to be bound, are compellable to receive such Children as Apprentices, that Law hath failed of its due Execution; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Vol. III 4 S pcor

632 C 31,

Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

Poor Children poor Children shall be appointed to be bound Apprentices, pursuant to the said at, the Person or Persons, boond Appren to whom they are so appointed to be bound, shall receive and provide for them, according to the inden thesactirfb'z!ture flgne<l ar>j confirmed by the two Justices of the Peace, and a!so execute the other Part of the said in C 2. those to dentures; and if he or she hall refuse so to do, Oath being thereof made by one of the Churchwardens, whom they are or Overseers of the Poor, before any two of the Justices of the peace for that County, Liberty, or Riding, hound, to provide he orb for every such Offence hall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale to theinden 0^ t^le Goods of any such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, the same tore signeti"/0"to applied to the Use of the Poor of that Parish or Place where such Offence was committed; saving the justices, C always to the Person, to whom any poor Child shall be appointed to be bound an Apprentice as afore uenaity on Of said, if he or she hall think themselves aggrieved thereby, his or her Appeal to the next General or fender. Quarter sessions of the Peace for that County or Riding, whole Order therein shall be final, and con

rvm elude all Parties.

poor Children

are bound, being aggrieved, may appeal to the Justices.

Appeal against

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first: Day of May one sny Order for thousand six hundred ninety seven, the Appeal against any Order for the Removal of any poor Person from Removaluf poor out of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be had, prosecuted, and determined, at the General or Person to be de quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, Division, or Riding, wherein the Parish, Township, or termmed attne p]accj from whence such poor Person shall be removed, doth lie, and not elsewhere; former Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. make void

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Churchwardens, make void any Promise or Engagement already made by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of £ 'c., any Parish, Township, or Place, to receive and take back any Persons, in case they should become poor,

Promise tojake an wan( Relief.

an^afecf Power VIII Provided, That this AI, nor anything therein contained, shall be construed to hinder the Justices ty, norto hinder of the Peace within the Liberty of Saint Albans, from hearing and determining any Appeals for the Setile justices of Peace ment of the Poor in their Quarter sessions, as they might have done before the making of this Actj any ut St. Albans thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

fiorn hearing b 11 b

inv thefrroor 9 Geo. i. C 7. §. 7. The like Provision is made for the Borough St. Peter and Hundred of Najfa farther prs borough in Northamptonshire.']

Jiotis concerning; Poor, 9 & 10 V 3. C II 12 Ann, fiat, I. C is. 5 Geo. 1. c. 8.9 Geo. X C 7. 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. 3 Geo. 2. % C 29* 17 Geo. 2. c. 3, 370

-3-8, and 31 Geo. 2. C II

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary, Joint Tenancy, and

Tenancy in Common.

C

; i 17. C 3. { flt WHEREAS the Proceedings upon Writs of Partition between Coparceners by the common-law

nz H. 8. C 32.^Vv or Custom, Joint Tenants, and Tenants in Common, are found by Experience to be tedious,

{ chargeable, and oftentimes inest ediual, by reason of the Difficulty of discovering the Persons and Estates of the Tenants of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be divided, and the defective or dilatory executing and returning of the Process of Summons, Attachment, and Distress

other Impediments, in making and establishing of Partitions, by reason of which diverse Persons ha

' ving undivided Parts or Purparts are greatly oppressed and prejudiced, and the Premises are frequently 1 wasted and destroyed, or lie uncultivated and unmanured, so that the Profits of the same are totally or

rin. V 14.470 ' in a great Measure lost For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Attn pracfs of Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of ft Ay one

pone or Attach g, i g. i____\__j a, ____. nn a^.1_______*___*__________, r n __

returned on Writ of Partition.

thousand six hundred ninety seven, after Process of Pone or Attachment returned upon a Writ of Partition, Affidavit being made by any credible Person of due Notice given of the said Writ of Partition to the Tenant or Tenants to the a&iori, and a Copy thereof left with the Occupier, or Tenant or Tenants, or if they cannot be found, to the Wife, Son or Daughter (being of the Age of one and twenty Years or upwards) of the Tenant or Tenants, or to the Tenant in actual Possession, by virtue of any Estate of Freehold, or for Term of Years, or uncertain Interest, or at Will, of the Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof the Partition is demanded (unless the said Tenant in actual Possession be Demandant in IF the Tenant oath Action) at ieaft forty Days before the Day of Return of the said Pons or Attachment, if the Tenant or Tenants to such Writ, or any of them, or the true Tenant to the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and he wn nn rctj; taments as aforesaid, shall not in such Case, within fifteen Days after Return of such Writ of Pone or 5'Attachment, cause an Appearance to be entered in such Court where such Writ of Pone or Attachment

court may pro shall be returnable, then in Default of such Appearance, the Demandant having entered his Declaration, the ceed t(j examire. Court may proceed to examine the demandant's Title, and quantity"of his Part and Purpart, and acor thedemandant s dingly, as they shall find his Right, Part and Purpart to be, they shall for so much give Judgement by u e Default, and award a Writ to make Partition, whereby such Proportion, Part and Purpart may be set out

severally; which Writ being executed after eight Days Notice given to the Occupier, or Tenant or Tenants of the Premisses, and returned, and thereupon final Judgement entered, the same shall be good, and conclude all Persons whatsoever after Notice as aforesaid, whatever Right or Title they have, or may at any lime claim to have in any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Judgement and Writ of Partition, although all Persons concerned are not named in any of the Proceedings, nor the Title of the Tenants truly set forth.

give Judgement by Default, and award a Writ to make Partition.

A.D. 1697. Anno octavo Sc nono Guglielmi III C 32. 683

II. Provided always, That if such Tenant or Person concerned, or either of them, against whom, or if Tenantor their Right or Title, such Judgement by Default is given, shall, within the Space of one Year after the flrfl «h«fl»>hinonc Judgement entered, or in case of Infancy, Coverture, Non Jana; Memories, or Absence out of the Kingdom, m" r(, sr* within one Year after his, her or their Return, or the Determination of such Inability, apply themselves to in case of in fcn the Court by Motion where such Judgement is entered, and show a good and probable Matter in bar of such cy, chew a Partition, or that the Demandant hath not Title to so much as he hath recovered, then in such Case the e00<! "l2tter in Court may suspend or set aside such Judgement, and admit the Tenant and Tenants to appearand plead, l.af, ar" and the Cause shall proceed according to due Course of Law, as if no such Judgement had been given: And ih^c'ojrt may if' the Court, upon hearing thereof, shall adjudge for the first Demandant, then the said first Judgement shall fct afi.ic such stand confirmed, and be good against all Persons whatsoever, except such other Persons as shall be absent Judgement

or disabled as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so appealing, shall be awarded thereupon to pay Costs, Person appealing? or if within such Time or Times aforesaid, the Tenants or Persons concerned, admitting the demandant's to raycolk -- Title, Parts and Purparts, shall show to the Court an Inequality in the Partition, the Court may award a new Partition to be made, in Presence of all Parties concerned (if they will appear) notwithstanding the Return and filing upon Record the former, which said second Partition returned and filed shall be good and firm for ever against all Persons whatsoever, except as before excepted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plea in Abatement shall be ad No pleafn Admitted

or received in any Suit for Partition, nor shall the same be abated by reason of the Death of Wment to bj any Tenant. admitted.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the High Sheriff, by reason of Where Hirh Distance, Infirmity, or any other Hindrance, cannot conveniently be present at the Execution of any Shenffeannotte -

Sment in Partition, in such Case the Under Sheriff, in Presence of two Justices of the Peace of the e^xution oa ity where the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be divided do lie, shall and may proceed to Ex jud»mcot in ecution of any Writ of Partition, by Inquifidon in due Form of Law, as if the High Sheriff were then per Partition, fonally present; and the High Sheriff thereupon shall, and is hereby enabled and required to make the Under Sheriff in same Return, as if he were personally present at such Execution: And in case such Partition be made, cr^fnc_° n['returned and filed, he or they that were Tenant or Tenants of any of the said Messuages, Lands, Tene there ments and Hereditaments, or any Fart or Purpart thereof, before they were divided, shall be Tenant or upon.

Tenants for such Part set out severally to the respective Landlords or Owners thereof, by and under the Tenants before same Conditions, Rents, Covenants and Reservations, where they are or shall be so divided, and the Land the division to lords and Owners of the several Parts and Purparts so divided and allotted as aforesaid shall warrant and nic farne<m* make good unto the respective Tenants, the said several Parts severally, after such Partition, as they are or condi ions o. were bound to do by any Copy, Leases or Grants of their respective Parts before any Partition made; and And Landlords in case any Demandant be Tenant in actual Possession to the Tenant to the Action for his Part and Proto make goodto»portion, or any Part thereof, in the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be divided by t{le!r Tenants virtue of a Writ of Partition as aforesaid, for any Term of Life, Lives or Years, or uncertain Interest, the p^ni

said Tenant shall stand and be possessed of the said Purparts and Proportions for the like Term, and under t mn nj^e, the same Conditions and Covenants, when it is set out severally in pursuance of this or any other Add, Statute or Law to that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Sheriffs, their Under She sheriffs. under riffs and Deputies, and in case of Sickness or Disability in the High Sheriff, all Justices of Peace, within Sheriffs, C to their respective Divisions, shall give due Attendance to the executing such Writ of Partition, unless rea £ive de Ater sonable Cause be shown to the Court upon Oath, and there allowed of, or otherwise be liable every of them \vruj f to pay unto the Demandant such Costs and Damages as shall be awarded by the Court, not exceeding five partition." $ ° Pounds, for which the Demandant or Plaintiff may bring his Action in any of Elis majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and in case the Demandant shall not agree to pay unto the Sheriffs or Demandant net Under Sheriffs, Justices and Jurors, such Fees as they shall respectively demand for their Pains and At psying shaifi*, tendance in the Execution of the same, and returning thereof, then the Court shall award what each coin toward' Person shall receive, having Respect to the Distance of the Place from their respective Habitations, and the Time they must necessarily spend about the same, for which they may severally bring their Actions as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That this Act shall continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the This act to con. next session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 3 & 4 Anns, cap. is. fed. 2.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to restrain the Number and ill Practice of Brokers and Stock Jobbers. From 1 May i6gj no Per exp. son toad as a Broker in London or Westminster, or Bills of Mortality, without Licence of the Lord Mayor Continued byiz of London, C Broker on Admittance to take an Oath. Lord Mayor, C to administer the Oath. &12.

Broker in three Months after Admittance to take the Oaths 1 W. & M. ff. r. C 8. and subscribe the Af See 1 Jac C foeiation, 7 & 8 W. 3. C 27. and enter into an Obligation. Number of Brokers not to exceed 100. Ad SP ann c inittance Sees not to exceed 40 s. Brokers Names and Places of Abode to be affixed on the Royal Ex, Ram. change, and in Guildhall, London. Penalty on Person acting as a Broker, if not admitted according to this Act, and on Persons employing the m. Penalty on Person not being a Sworn Broker, who shall act

in discounting Tallies, Exchequer Bills, C Sworn Broker to keep a Register Book, and to enter all

Contracts, Lfc. within three Days after made, C Broker shall not take more than 10 s. percent. Brokage. Broker after Admittance to carry about him a Silver Medal of the King's Arms, C with the broker's Name, WE. Penalty on Broker dealing for himself, bfc. or making any Gain, cover and above the Brokage allowed by this Act. Policies, Contracts, centred into, on which any Prannum

4 S. 2 shall

shall be given to accept any Share, C in Joint Stock, Tallies, hfc. to be void; except such Policies, fsfr. as are to be performed in three Days. Penalty on Sworn Broker not making Discovery of other Persons acting as such. This Act to continue for three Years. Person buying or selling Cattle, Corn, C not to be esteemed a Broker. Sworn Brokers from i May 1697, iac. not to drive any Bargain for Tallies, con any Fund granted by Parliament, unless licensed by the Treasury.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to make perpetual and more effectual an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays at

the Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

Act 5 & 6 w. & M. C XI made perpetual.

Party prosecuting; any Certiorari to remove an Indictment may find two Manucaptors to enter into a Recognisance, C

Party to appear daily in the King's Bench Court until discharged.

By 13 Geo. 2. C

WHEREAS an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King Williai*! and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quart er sessions of the Peace, ' which was to continue and be in Force for three years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, by Experience hath been found useful and beneficialtherefore for continuing the same, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force and made perpetual.

II. And for the making the Purpose and Design of the said Act more effectual. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the one and twentieth Day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, the Party or Parties prosecuting any Certiorari, to remove any Indictment or Presentment from the Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, may find two sufficient Manucaptors, who shall enter into a Recognisance before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, in the same Sum, and under the same Condition, as is required by the said Act, whereof Mention shall be made on the Back of such Writ, under the Hand of the Justice taking the same, which shall be as effectual and available to all Intents and Purposes, to stay or supersede any further Proceedings upon any Indictment or Presentment, for the Removal of which the said Writ of Certiorari shall be granted, as if the Recognisance had been taken before any one of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Indictment was found, or Presentment made; and also it shall be added to the Condition of every Recognisance taken by virtue of this and the said Act, that the Party or Parties prosecuting such Writ of Certiorari, shall appear from Day today in the said Court of King's Bench, and not depart until he or they shall be discharged by the said Court.

18. feel, 5. no Certiorari to be granted to remove any Conviction unless movedfor within six Calendar Months after such Conviction,

Tin exported to pay 3s. per ICO vvt. Wrought Tin called Pewter 1 S. per 100 wt.

31 Car, 2. C 4.

Drugs Imported in English Shipping to pay the full Value, otherwise imported treble the Value Dyers Drugs excepted.,

Duties on Drugs are continued by 6 Annae, C 22, for Years, and made perpetual by 7 Annae, C 7. §. 2.6.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the lefiening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs.

WHEREAS upon due Consideration of the great Abatement in the Price of Tin fmee the Book of Rates was settled, it has been found just to reduce the Duty payable on the Exportation thereof to a more reasonable Far with other Goods of the Product of england be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and afer the tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, there shall be paid on an Entry of Tin to be exported for every hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds of such Tin unwrought, the Sum of three Shillings, and for every hundred Weight uftin wrought, commonly called Pewter, containing one hundred an 1 twelve Pounds, the Sum of two Shillings, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of either, and no more; anything in the Book of Rates to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the late King Charles the Second, inti tilleda Subfuly granted to the King of Tannage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Afer chandizes exported and imported; which Act is to have Continuance until the first Day of Aunift one t'nou sand seven hundred and six, it is provided, th.it all Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their Growth in Englifo built Shipping, be rated one third Part of what is charged in the said Book of Rates,

and no more: 'Now for a full Recompense to such Persons who may have any Loan upon the said Duty on Tin so taken off as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from the said tenth Day of May the Subsidy to be received for all Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their Growth in english built Shipping, shall be according to the full Value on the respective Species enumerated in the Book of Rates, and not according to the said Abatement, and for all Drugs otherwise imported treble such full Value; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the laying a further Duty on any Sort of Drugs used in Dying. 8 Geo. i, C ij. §. io.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety seven, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

EXP.

C 36. 685

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for the further Encouragement of the Manufacture of Lustrings and Alamodes within this Realm, and for the better preventing the Importation of the same.

WHEREAS it hath been always found of great Advantage to encourage the setting up and making 19 II 7. ( 2f. of new Manufactures within this Realm, whereby the Exportation of Money to procure foreign

Commodities is prevented, the Wealth of the Kingdom increased, and the Poor are employed: And whereas there are great Quantities of Alamodes and Lustrings confirmed by His Majesty's Subjects, which < till ot late Years were imported from foreign Parts, and thereby the Treasure of tills Nation much ex haufted, but are now manufactured in England by the Royal Luftiing Company, to as great Perfection as in any other Country, whereby many thousands may be employed: And whereas Provision hath been made by diverse Laws for the Encouragement of the said Manufacture, and for preventing the Importa tion of such Foreign Silks without paying the Duties charged thereon, which have been frequently eluded

by the subtle Practises of evil disposed Persons For Remedy thereof, and for the further Encouragement of the said Manufacture, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's mould Excellent maje fty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person or Persons, who shall Persons import import any foreign Alamodes or Lustrings, from Parts beyond the Seas, into any Port or Place within the "g iwagn Ala kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without paying the Rates,

Customs, Impositions, and Duties, that shall be due and payable for the same at such Importation, or shall paying the cuf import any Alamodes or Lustrings prohibited by Law to be imported, or shall by way of Insurance or other toms, C wise undertake or agree to deliver, or in pursuance of any Undertaking, Agreement, or Insurance, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Goods or Merchandise, and every Person or Persons who shall agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, Presmium, or Reward for insuring or conveying any such Goods or Merchandise, or shall knowingly receive or take the same into his, her, or their House, Shop, or Ware house, Custody or Possession, such Person or Persons shall and may be prosecuted for any the Offences or Matters aforesaid, in any aion, Suit, or Information, and thereupon a Capias in the first Process, spe may be prose cifying the Sum of the Penalties sued for, shall and may issue, and such Person or Persons shall be obliged c.ute.d' lnd 1 to give sufficient Bail and Security by natural born subjects, Persons naturalised, or Denizens, to the Of ^ijrjed6xp°n fleer serving or executing the Writ or Process on or against him, her, or them, to appear in the Court out '

of which such Writ or Process did issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ or Process, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and shall at the Time of such Appearance give sufficient Bail or Security by such'

Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence, in case he, she, or they shall be convict thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Bodies to Prison.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of King William and Queen Mary, j W. & M. ' intituled, An Act for continuing several Acts therein mentioned, and for charging certain Joint Stocks, a Pc C j5.

' nalty of five hundred Pounds is laid upon Persons insuring to import prohibited Goods, or Goods without^"altyn

' paying Duties and Customs, and also a Penalty of five hundred Pounds upon any Person who shall be so & C 15. for £ insured For the more easy and certain Recovery of the same it is hereby further enacted, That it shall insuring proiii and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to sue for or prosecute, and to recover the said Penalty by bited Goods, action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, be sued and wherein no eft oin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Im x^/deb? 1 C parlance.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Black Alamodes and Lustrings where Clack Alamodes soever manufactured, which shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons, not mark and Lustrings ed and sealed with the Mark and Seal or Marks and Seals of the Customhouse, or of the Royal Lustring pctj avi?f th Company, shall and are hereby declared and adjudged to be forfeited, and shall or may be seized as forfeited, 0 "r"i l°uu, e whether the same have been before such Seizure bought and sold, or not, and the Person, in whose Custody tring Company's or Possession the same shall be found, shall incur all the Penalties contained in a Clause relating to Alamodes Marks, to be and Lustrings now in force, in a certain act made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of His pre forfeited.

lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His maie/ly certain Duties upon glaj's Wares and Earthen er,"'bole Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for the carrying on the War agahifi France.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Alamodes and Lustrings, that from naltits in 6 & 7

and after the tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, shall be seized and forfeited by w.3.c, is. virtue of any Law now in force, shall he consumed or used in this Kingdom, but shall he exported again, Alamodes and and not sold otherwise than on Condition to be exported: And for preventing their Consumption in Eng Luftringsfeized land, the same shall immediately on Seizure be carried to the Customhouse Warehouse in London, and nd forfeited> to there such as are forfeited shall be sold by Inch of Candle, on Condition to be exported, and not delivered gmx.p01te'i a to the Buyer or any other Person, but only to be carried on ship hoard in order to Exportation, and not cn Seizure to be until sufficient Security be given, that the same and every Part thereof shall be exported, and not landed carried to the again in any Part of England, Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, which Security Customhouse, shall be discharged by Certificate from the Chief Magistrate or Officer of the Place or Port where such Goods "n there shall be landed, or by Oath made that the same were lost at Sea, and not otherwise. wcn flwex*

V. And forasmuch as there is no Reason that any of Flis majesty's subjects should have Lustrings and potation, C, Alamodes at a cheaper Rate than the Inhabitants of this Kingdom, or that it should be more profitable to export foreign Lustrings and Alamodes beyond the Seas, than such as are made in this Kingdom, which would happen, in case the Exporter he allowed to draw or receive back, on Exportation, all or any Part of the Duties paid or payable on the said Commodities on Importation of the same; ? Be it further enacted

3 by

686 C 37. Anno octavo & nono Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

On Exportation by the Authority aforesaid, That on Exportation of foreign Lustrings or Aiamodes, the Exporter shall not' tr^nt's^ex to receive any Drawback, or be repaid the Duties, Customs, or Impositions paid, payable, or

p"rter\o rcce'.ve secured, on Importation of the same, or any Part thereof; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the ro Drawback, contrary notwithstanding _ '

VI. And whereas the Silk Manufacturers are obliged, from time to time, to deliver to their Agents,

Persons imfce Journeymen, Warpers and Winders, great Quantities of Silk to work up, which is often by them em siik jepvered'to^bezelleil, sold, or pawned, to the great Detriment of the Silk Manufacturers of this kingdombeit be wrought up, enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whosoever, that shall imbezel, jind also "Buyers, pawn, fell, or detain any of the Silk so delivered, or after the same is wrought up, and also all and every Receivers, C Receiver and Receivers, Buyer and Buyers, or such as take to pawn any of the said Goods, shall! be fub to be liable to je<5j an(] liable Co all the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments contained, mentioned, and provided, in one Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the j+car. 2. CI Second, intituled An Atilfor regulating the Trade of Silk Throwing; and in another Act made in the twen & 20 Car. 2. tieth Year of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trade of Silk throvang. C 6. '

VII. And whereas several Weavers have certain Pieces of Black Aiamodes and Lustrings by them.

Weavers having e which have not been sealed by the Officers of the Customs, or Royal Lustring Company, and are liable aiamodes and by Law to be forfeited, if sold unsealed, as aforesaid, and the said Weavers would also thereby incur them not (ealed otser Penaltiesyet in Commiseration of their Condition, it is hereby further enacted by the authority upon Proof on aforesaid, That all and every such Pieces of Aiamodes and Lustrings, as do or shall appear upon Oath Oath they were made in Writing before any Justice of the Peace by one or more credible Witnesses (who have never been manufactured in prosecuted for importing Goods without paying the Duties charged on the same, or for importing Goods

England, may prohibited by Law to be imported) to be manufactured within this Realm, on or before the tenth Day of

ed^ atis^t the April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, shall be brought to the Royal Lustring company's Ware lufiring Com house, and the Evidence of their being manufactured within this Kingdom being the re produce!, shall be pany's Ware marked and sealed gratis by the said Company, before the first Day of May one thousand six hundred nine imufe, Sec. ty seven, and be lawful to be sold, as if manufactured by the said Company.

VIII. And for preventing the Sale of other Aiamodes and Lustrings under the Colour of these so marked Weavers to give and sealed, as aforesaid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Weavers shall give a weekly Ac an Account weekly to the said Company, to whom they have sold such Goods so sealed and marked as thenvomtudf1 aforesaid, under the Penalty of double the Value of such Goods so sold, for every such Omission, to be Goods so foaled, recovered in the same Manner as other the Penalties inflicted by this Act are directed and appointed to be Farther Provi recovered, and that the said Company shall keep a Register of the said Sales.

Jims relating hereto, 9£? 10 W. 3. C 30 & 43. 5 Altn. C 20. 6 Ann. C 19. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15.9 Geo. 1. c. 8. I Geo. 2. c. 17. 23 Geo. 3. C9f 20,

36 Geo. 2. c. 21.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for explaining and enforcing the Act for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and weekly Bills of Mortality, and Streets adjoining thereunto; and for widening the Street at the South End of London Bridge.

SOUTHWEST, iuir, !.' ^T[WHEREAS by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of His Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled An astfor paving and cleanfng the Streets in the Cities of London and Westmin

' fter, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof and Out Pari fiscs in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned, there are several Omissions which hinder the Intentions of the said Act For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afternbled, and Peytons jnh.i by the Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, all and every Person and Persons inhabiting in the said Parishes of Middlesex and Westminster, and Moitalk to le Liberties thereof, and in the Borough of Southwark, or in any of the Streets and Lanes, or Alleys, causevhsstrects, cornpnzed within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Town of Kensington, shall twice in every Week Sec. to be fwc pt (that is to say) on every wednesday and Saturday at the least, between the hours of Six and Nine of the tv.i.e a Week. Clock in the Forenoon, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept 2nd cleanled, all the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Places, before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, and the.buildings and Walls of Churches and other public Places, to the end the Dirt and Soil in the said Streets may be heaped Ecnalty on Of. ready for the Scavenger to carry away, upon Pain to forfeit ten Shillings for every Offence, to be recovered fender. as ot], er t]le Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said recited Act are ordered and directed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Conviction upon this or the said Act shall be by the View or Knowledge of any one or, more Justice or Justices of the Peace, then one Eovfeiture^ h°w jap Qc the Penalty therein mentioned shall be to the relief of the Poor, and the other Moiety (if fora to app sc. Default of Pavement) to be employed for and towards the repairing, paving, and cleansing the said Streets and Places, to be paid to the Scavenger of the said Place, and by them employed for that Use, or otherwise to the Relief of the Poor, as in and by the said recited Act: is ordered and directed.

Justices to cause IR. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Place within the Bills of both Sides of the ty aforesaid shall be by the Justices of the Peace ordered to be paved, and the other Side or Part of the said Street, Lane, or Place, be out of the said Bills of Mortality, that in that Case it shall and may be as well without lawful for the said justices of Peace to cause the said other Part or Side of the said Street, Lane, and Place, theb.i.'sof Mor to be also paved by the respective Inhabitants next adjoining, under the same Penalty, and in the same

Ulity as within. 4'Manner

C 37.' 687

Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been within the said Pills of Mortality; anything in the said recited Aid, or any other Act whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said Ail made in the second Year of the Reign of His now Majesty and the 1 late Queen Mary, intituled An aslfor paving and cleans.ng the Streets in the Cities of London and West's and Liberties thereof and Oat Petrifies in the County

minster, and Suburbs 1

1 of Middlesex, and in the Borough

1 w. u ri. it. 2, C S. t, 20,

of Southwark, and aether Places within the tvcekly Bills of Mortality in the County Surrey, and for regu bating the Markets therein mentioned, the breeding, feeding, and keeping any Sort of Swine within the Backsides of paved Streets of the said Cities, Borough or Parishes, where the Houses are contiguous, is prohibited, on Pain of forfeiting all such Swine, which nevertheless hath not prevented the same, but that the Inhabitants of the said Cities and Borough are Sill much annoyed, and the Health and Lives of many Families endangered by the unwholesome Savour of such Swine, which are Sill in great Numbers kept within the Backsides of several paved Streets of the said Cities and Borough For Remedy whereof be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, and the Clause therein agains the breeding, feeding, and keeping of Swine, shall be from and after the said tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, efi ectually put in Execution agains ail Persons whatsoever who Stall presume to breed, feed, or keep any Manner of Swine, within any Part of the Houses or Backsides of the paved Streets or Lanes of the said Cities, Borough or parisies, so far as the contiguous Buildings of them or any of them shall extend, or within the Space of fifty Yards thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there is any Liberty, Precind or Vill, in any Parish or Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, that uses to repair their own Highways, and that are or shall be unable to repair the same, 'and also to perform the Days Works which they are liable to do to the other Highways within the Parish or parisies wherein such Liberty, Precind or Vill lieth, then from and after the said tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, at their Special Sessions to be held every four Months for the Consideratior. of the Highways, to allow or appoint so many or such a Proportion of the Days Works, as are yearly to be performed by the respective Inhabitants of any such Liberty, Precind or Villas the said Justices in their Discretions shall think fit, to be employed by the same Inhabitants of such Liberty, Precind or Vill, in the repairing of the same Highway or Highways, within any such Liberty, Precind or Vill, which Days Works so to be allowed or appointed, the Inhabitants of the same Liberty, Precind or Vill, shall do and perform accordingly, and then only the Residue of the Days Works as such Inhabitants are liable to do, shall be employed in repairing of the other Highways within the Parish or Parishes wherein such Liberty, Precind or Vill lieth; any Ad, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, for avoiding any Doubt touching the paving, repairing and amending so much of the ancient Highway now built on both Sides thereof, leading from Tottenham Court near St. giles's Pound towards Tiburn, That so much of the said ancient Way shall be hereafter repaired, paved, and maintained by such Person and Persons as have heretofore used to repair, pave or maintain the same, under the Penalties aforesaid; thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CVII. And whereas the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, have of late Years, with great Charge and Difficulty, pulled down and new built all the Houses upon London Bridge, and caused the Street or common Passage over the same to be opened and enlarged; which good and public!; 4 Intention js not yet perfeded by reason of certain Tenements on or near the South End of the said Bridge, which yet continue a great Annoyance and Prejudice to Trade and Commerce, by occasioning frequent Stops, and to the endangering the Lives of many Passengers; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Sir Robert Clayton, Sir William ashhurst, Sir Richard Onfow Baronet, Denxill onjlovj Esquire, Anthony Bowyer Esquire, Charles Cox Esquire, John Arnold Esquire, Samuel Lewyn Esquire, Thomas jvymondefall Esquire, William Gulf on Esquire, Francis Wilkinson Esquire, Thomas Roffey Esquire, John Riches Esquire, Sir John Fleet, Sir John Parsons, Sir James Houblon, Sir Richard Lovett, Spencer Cooper Esquire, Joseph Scriven Esquire, or any eleven of them, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby im powered to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of any such Houses as they shall judge fit to be removed, rebuilt, or pulled down, or any Part of them, and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed upon, are hereby authorised to appoint Workmen to pull down the said Houses, or cause the said Owners or Occupiers to rebuild accordingly; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners, and all Persons authorised by them, against the Owner or Owners, or Occupiers, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns of any of the said Owners pr Occupiers, as if the same had been sold by Deed, Feoffment, Bargain and Sale, or other Assurance in the Law, and done by Fine and Reccvety, or any other Way whatsoever; and if there shall be any Pei Tonnes, Bodies Corporate or Collegial', that shall wilfully refuse to treat and agree as aforesaid; through Disability by Nonage, covertlire or Special Intail, or other Impediment, cannot, that in such Cases the said Commissioners are hereby authorised, by virtue of this Act, to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriffs of London or Surrey for the time being, as the Case shall require, (who are hereby required accordingly) to impanel and return a Jury before the Commissioners, or any eleven of them, which Jury, upon their Oaths, to be administred by the said Commissioners, are to inquire and assess such Damage and Recommence as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners and Occupiers or either of them of any such Houses, or any part thereof, as well in Respect to his or their Loss in Trade, as his or their respective Interest and Estates in the said, Houses, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged fit to be pulled down for the piivposes aforesaid; and such Verdict of the Jury, and Judgement of the said Commissioners thereupon; and the iegaf Payment or Tender of tire sum or Sums of Money so awarded - and adjudged, shall be binding to aliiintdnts"ancf purposes against the fttid Parties, thcii heirs, Executors; Administrators and Assigns, " and others' claiming

any

Clause in the Act aforesaid against breeding or feeding of Swine, to be p utinexecution.

If any Liberty, Precinct, See. in the weekly Bills of Mortality be unable to repair their own Highways,; nd perform the Days Work, the fuf* tiecs may allow so many Days Works as they think fit for repairing the same, C

Highway leading from tat tenham Court towards Tiburn to be paved by such as heretofore used to pave the same.

commissioners Names. commissioners empowered to treat with the Owners of such Houses on London Bridge as they hall think fit to be pulled down, cast

to indemnify the Commissioners against the Owners, Scc. In case, of wilful Rcfufa! to 'treat, or through Disability by Nonage, C 3 Sheriffs of London of Suirey ro return a July to afiefs Damage and Rcc im pence, C*of the Jury to be binding.

And a full Authority to the

6 C 8 (

Commissioners to cause the said Hpufcs to be re xaoved.

Commissioners to take their Oaths for executing the Trust reposed io them by this act.

On the Roll it is to the fifth Bay of July, 1698.

UP,

3 & 4 W. & M, C 13.

Clause determined.

S S: 9W. 3. C 2,

S 8c9W, 3.

any Title or filtered: in the said Houses, or in the Ground whereon they Hand, or thereunto belonging, and shall be a full Authority for the said Commissioners, or any eleven of them, to cause the same to be executed, and the said Houses accordingly to be removed and pulled down, or any Part of them.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be enabled to act as a Commissioner, to the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, until he shall have first taken his corporal Oath before the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the time being, for the due and impartial Execution of the Trust by this Act reposed in him. [See 2 Geo. 2. cap. ir.]

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI III nono.

ft T the Parliament begun at Westminster the two and twentieth Day of November, Anno Dom. 169;

e in the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILL IA M the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fc. And from thence continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the third Day of December 1697, being the third Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act against corresponding with the late King James and His Adherents.

WHEREAS upon the Conclusion of Peace between His Majesty and the French King, it is become necessary for the carrying on a Trade and Commerce between England and France, that the Subjects of each Kingdom should have the Freedom of going and coming out of and into the said King

respectively: And whereas such Persons who have been in Arms against His Majesty, or have been engaged in traitorous Conspiracies against his Sacred Person and Government, and other disaffected Per

may take Advantage, and be encouraged from thence to form and carry on treasonable Designs and 1 Pradjices against His Majesty's Royal Person and Government, unless some Provision be made for Prevention thereof be it therefore, lac.

u King's Subjects who have since ir December 1688, gone into France without Licence, or born Arms in "the French King's Service, or under the late King James, and hall return into England without Licence, "guilty of High Treason. Subjects aiding or holding Correspondence with the late King ja/nes, cor "remitting Money for his Use, guilty of High Treason."

IV. And whereas by an Act made at a Session of Parliament held in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act against corresponding with their Majestics Enemies, it was amongst other Things enacted, That if any of their Majesties Subjects should from and after the tenth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety one, without Licence from their Majesties, voluntarily go or repair, or embark in any Vessel with an Intent to go into France, or any Dominions of the French King, and should be upon full Proof convicted thereof, he should be taken, deemed, and adjudged to be guilty of High Treason, and should fitffer such Penalties as in case of High Treason: whereas some Doubt hath arisen whether the said Clause be still in Force Therefore for avoiding all Disputes thereupon. Be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause was intended to have Continuance only during the late War with France, and that the said Clause and every Part thereof is now determined and of no Force.

"Persons returning without Licence, C unless they obtain Licence to stay, guilty of High Treason "accepting Pardons or Grants of Honour, C from the late King James, guilty of High Trea "soil. Pardons, e. to be delivered up; and in Default guilty of High Treason. Persons not punish "for Grants so delivered up. Grant of Estate forfeited by this Act void."

CAP. II.

An Act to prevent the further Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom, and for recoining such as is now in being, and for the making out new Exchequer Bills, where the former Bills are or shall be filled up by Indorsements.

' WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled An act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, it was amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the iirftday of December one thousand six hundred ninety six, no hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom should be current in any Payment whatsoever (except only such as were therein before mentioned) otherwise than by Weight only, after the Rate of five Shillings and twopence for every Ounce of Sterling Silver: And whereas by one other Act made in the same Session of Parliament, inti — ' tilled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties payable for one Tear, it was amongst other Things enacted (to the end that such hammered silvef Coin might be made current in all Payments at the said Rate of five Shillings and twopence by the Ounce) "That from and after the first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety six, the Tender

Anno nono Guglielmi III

689

0*

A.D. 1697. Anno nono Guglielmi in C

1 of all such hammered 'silvermoney (except in such Payments where the same were by the said first recited Act directed to be received at a greater Value) in any Payment or Payments whatsoever, to be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to any oilier Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or

No hammered Silver Coin coccmed lawful, nor current in any Payment,

OH hammer? 1 Money may be recoined.

S &9W.

C 6,

8 & 9W. 3* C 24*

; fully and effectually, as if any such Tender and Refusal be had and made of the lawful and current Coins of this Realm; which said Clauses and Provisions, 'though necessary at the Time of the enabling thereof,

may nevertheless hereafter prove very prejudicial, and of evil Consequence; 'it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom shall he reputed or esteemed to be the lawful Coin of this Realm, nor be current in any Payment whatsoever, at any Rate or Value whatsoever, either by Weight or otherwise, nor shall the Tender of any such hammered Silver Money, at any Time from and after the said tenth Day of January, be, or be deemed to be a good and sufficient Tender in Law, nor the Refusal thereof in any Payment whatsoever be or adjudged to be a Refusal, of so much of the lawful Coins of this Kingdom; anything in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to carry into any of His Majesty's Mints in the Tower of London, or in the Cities of Bristol, Exeter, Chester, Norwich, and York, before the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven, any old hammered Money, in order to be recoined; and the respective Master or Worker of any such Mint, or his Deputy, is hereby authorised and required to receive the said old hammered Money,

And to cause the same forthwith to be melted down, and recoined into the lawful Coins of this Kingdom, and to pay back the same so recoined on or before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to the several Importers, in such Manner and Method as is now used in His Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London.

III. And whereas in and by an Act made and pasted in the Session of Parliament which was hohen at Westminster, in the eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Ma 4 iea)'j as well by a Land Tax, as by feviral Subsidies and other Duties payable for one Year, it was amongst other Things enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, might cause Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of that Act, which were to be current in such Manner and Form as in the said Act, and in several other Acts of the said Session of Parliament, are mentioned: And in and by another Act made and passed in the aforesaid Session, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage upon Merchandise imported for the Term of two Years and three Quarters, and ah additional Land Tax for one Year, for carrying on the War against Irance; it was enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them,

might cause further Bills to be made forth at the said Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums not 1 exceeding twelve hundred thousand Pounds, to have like Currency as the Bills before mentioned, as by the said several Acts (Relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: And whereas several of the Bills abovementioned have been paid into the public: Receipts for Revenues, Taxes, and Aids, and ifl ued out again several Times, by which they have been subject to so many Indorsements that they will admit of no further Ihdo rfements to be made thereupon, and consequently will not be so current in Payments as before, which Inconveniency will daily increase, unless some proper Remedy be provided; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in respect to such of the said Bills as are or shall from time to time be filled up with Indorsements, it shall and may be lawful to.and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them now being, or for the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to cause new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be delivered from time to time to such Person or Persons as shall demand the same in lieu of such Bills as shall be brought in filled up with Indorsements, which old Bills shall be cancelled and kept apart from all other Bills whatsoever; and such new Bills shall, in all Respects, have the like Currency, and there shall be inflicted the same Punishment for forging or counterfeiting the same, and they shall be subject to the same Rules, Methods, and Continuance, as by the said former Acts are provided in respect to the Bills thereby made forth, or any of them; and such new Bills respectively shall bear the same Numbers, Dates, Principal Sums, and Rate of Interest her Diem, as were born on the old Bills brought in so to be cancelled respectively; as to the Interest that shall have incurred on the said old Bills to the Days of their being brought in to be renewed, the entire Sum of such Interest shall be so computed, as to take off and abate what did accrue whilst they lay in the Hands of any of His Majesty's Receivers or Collectors, or in His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be written upon the said new Bills; anything in the said former Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

'An Act to give further Time for the administering of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders, and for the ea t 5c P.

fier Dispatch of public Business in the Exchequer, and in the Bank of England. Purchasers of Orders 8 ', V

claim cic y Number

Tallies in lieu

Vol. IIL 4 T < thereof

New Bills miy be made forth at the Exchequer, in lieu of ihofe filled up with Indorsemenrr. Old Bills to be cancelled.

See farther concerning Exchequer Bills, &c-16 Geo. 2. c. 12. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 33 Geo. 2. C L 18, 21 & zj.

1 Geo. 3. C is 20*

690 C 4> 5-

Anno nono Guglielmi III

A.D. 1697.

Governor and

Dividends once in six Months. 12 & 13 W. 3 C 12. §, 14,

EXP.

thereof as deftred. No one new Order to contain more than j, oooo/. The Principal and Interest to be paid in Course

And whereas by the Act before recited or mentioned, it was also enacted, That the Moneys, which from time to time should become due and payable by virtue of any Talley or Orders subscribed into the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of the Paid Act, as soon as conveniently might be, after the same should be received out of the Exchequer or any public Office by the said Governor and Company, their Officers, Servants, and Agents, and at farthest once in every four Months, should be divided by the said Governor and Company among the Members of the whole Corpo ration, rateably and in Proportion to their several and respective Parts, Shares, and Interests in the said 1 Capital Stock, for the particular, proper, and only Use and Behoof of the said Members, separately and in their private and personal Capacities, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may appear:

' And whereas since the enlarging the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by Subscription of Tallies and Orders pursuant to the said Act, the making Dividends of such at the End of every four Months is found to be very inconvenient, and a great Interruption to the Business of Transfers, Payments, and other Occasions of Persons dealing with the said Bank; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, shall not be obliged to make Dividends of the Moneys, which from Bank to make tjj rjg to time shall become due or payable to, and be received by the said Governor and Company by virtue of the Tallies and Orders which have been so subscribed into the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament, once in every four Months: But the said Governor and Company, and their successors, are hereby required and enjoined from and after the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to make such Dividends of the said Moneys once in every six Calendary Months at the leall, unto the Members of the said Corporation, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company; anything in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of His Sacred Majesty.

[Continued by 10 & 11 W. 3. C 13.]

CAP. V.

An Act for satisfying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities, which incurred between the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, and the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven.

FOR raising and discharging the Sum of two hundred fifty-five thousand six hundred sixty three Pounds five Shillings and eight Pence, which remains due and unpaid to satisfy, clear, and pay off the several Annuities or Sums of Money, which between the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, and the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, incurred and became due, and ought to have been paid as well out of five seventh Parts of the late Duties of Tunnageof Ships and other Vessels, and out of two seventh Parts of the same Duties, gs also out of certain Duties charged upon salt be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, having any Estate for one Life, of and in any Annuity purchased or obtained at the Rate of one hundred Pounds for every fourteen Pounds per Annum, upon the several Acts of Parliament mentioned in an Act made and passed in the Parliament which was held at Westminster in the sixth and seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign (entitled. An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life hi Annuities payable by several former Acts therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further and more certain Interesls in such Annuities, and, in Default thereof for admitting other Persons to purchase and obtain the same, for raising Money for carrying on the War against France) or any of them, at any Time before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to advance and pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer so much Money as every or any such Annuity, being computed for four Years, doth or hall amount unto (that is to say) Every such Person shall and may pay to His Majesty's Use for every one hundred Pounds that was paid for the single Life in any Annuity of fourteen Pounds per Annum, the Sum of six and fifty Pounds more, for changing or converting the same into a certain Term for the Residue which shall be then to come of ninety six Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety five, or for a further Interest for the Residue of the said Term of ninety six Years, to take Effect after the said Estate for Life, and in the same Proportion for higher or larger Annuities.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being intituled to any Estate for one Life in being, in any such present Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, or such as they shall nominate, shall not, before the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, advance and pay into the Receipt of Exchequer, such Rate orconsideration Money as is before mentioned, for changing such his, her, or their Estate for Life into a Term certain, or for a future Interest, as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever.

Persons intituled to Annuities for Life, at 14l. percent, per Ann. 6 & 7 W, C 5.

may for every lool. paid for a Tingle Life, advance 561. more Tor converting the same into a Term certain, for the Residue of 96 Years. Persons not paying in the Lid Consideration Money by 25 March 169s1

Anno nono Guglielmi III

A.D. 1697.

C 5. 6gr

soever, Natives or Foreigners, having or not having any Property or Intered in such Estate for Life, at any =nyot!>cr my

Time or Times after the Paid five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and tl, e

on or before the tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to contribute, advance, and'

pay, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, so much Money as any such Annuity being computed for four

Years doth and shall amount to; that is to say, For every one hundred Pounds that was paid for the fingic

Life, in an Annuity of fourteen Pounds a Year, there shall be paid, in all the Cases lad mentioned, the

like Sum of six and fifty Pounds for an littered for the then Residue of the said Term of ninety six y'ears,

to be reckoned as aforesaid, and to be charged with, and subject to the present Estate for Life of and in the same Annuities respectively, and there shall be paid a Rate or Consideration in the same Proportion, for

Annuities exceeding fourteen Pounds a Year and that all and every the Person and Persons so paying the perfor.s on Pw

Consideration Money, as aforesaid, shall immediately, upon Payment of their Moneys, be intituled by this ment imitlvd to

Act to such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased; the same Avail he charged upon such respective fj!il A, lnui'

Fund or Revenue in the said former Act mentioned, as if the Consideration Money lb to be contributed or tlc!' c'

advanced for the same had been actually advanced or contributed within the respective Times limited by the said former Act.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Or on discharg who are or shall he intituled to any Arrears incurred between the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six '.nsthe kir*g hundred ninety six, and the seventeenth Day of of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, upon the 1, ° te Conner" said several Annuities which were charged upon the said Tunnage Duties, or upon the said Duties on Salt, tion Money' and are hereby intended to be provided for, shall, upon their Orders, Tallies, or Lottery Tickets, for such amounts to, Stc, Arrears, discharge Kis Majesty in the Exchequer, of so much as the Consideration Money to be paid by

him or them respectively, i'or purchasing a further Term or Interest as aforesaid, shall amount unto, that then and in every such Case, all and every the Person and Persons so discharging His Majesty of the Value of the Consideration Money, as aforesaid, shall immediately, upon such Discharge given and entered in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer (which the proper Officers there are hereby required to enter and re giaer accordingly, without Fee or Charge) be intituled by this Act to such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased; the same shall be charged upon such respective Fund or Revenue in the said former Act mentioned, as if the said Consideration Money was actually paid in the lawful Coins of this Realm.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every the Directions, Powers and Clauses in the said former p°'('<'rs !n LI e Act contained, for or concerning the levying of Tallies, the making forth of Orders, or for making Trans tevfvey ^' ferrcnces or Assignments, or for the apportioning or applying the Moneys arising by the said Funds or Rec' ren' venues, or any of them, or for appointing, settling or establishing any other Matter or Thing, for or in

relation to the respective Annuities thereby purchased or obtained, shall be, and are by force and virtue of this Act revived, and shall be duly observed, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of such Annuities as shall be purchased or obtained upon this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Directions and Clauses were here again expressed and particularly repeated.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall come into the Moneys how t<j Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the said Contributions for further or more certain Estates in b. c. app, lei the said Annuities to be purchased as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of the Arrears of the several Annuities which are charged upon the five seventh Parts of the said Tunnage Duties, and upon the two seventh Parts of the find Tunnage Duties, and upon the said Duties upon Salt, and which are or shall be incurred or become payable out of those Funds respectively from the said seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, to the said seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, so that a proportionable Part of the Contributions, so arising in Money, shall be applied to make good each of those Funds, according to tyre Sum of the Arrears incurred within the Time aforesaid, which hall from time to time be remaining unpaid thereupon, and shall not be diverted to any other Ule, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, upon Pain that any Officer offending therein Avail for such Offence forfeit his Office, and double the Value of every Sum of Money so diverted or misapplied.'

[4*5 w. & M.

VI. And whereas by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and of the late Queen of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majestics C 3-

certain Rates and Duties of excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for fccurtng certain Recompenses and Advantages, in the said al mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying onihe jvar again France, and of diverse other subsequent Acts of Parliament,

' several Persons are intituled to have and receive certain yearly Annuities, Rents, or Payments, out of the said Duties of Excise granted by the said Act first mentioned, payable quarterly, wherein no Benefit of

' Survivorship is to be had Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid' from and after the first No Annuities Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven next ensuing, no Officer or Officers appointed to pay ou^of'l^du the said Annuities shall payoff any quarterly Payment of the said Annuities upon any Order or Orders tjcs of Excise whatsoever, until all and every Person or Persons intituled to such Annuities and Payments shall or may have than be paid off, had and received, his, her or their Annuities and Payments for the precedent Quarter, for which public >" !*>the pr<*c notice shall be given by hanging the same up in the most convenient public Place in the said Office, that the last precedent Quarter is either fully paid, or that the Money is ready in the Office for the Payment of Vc jhcn'of'such as have not timely brought their respective Orders to be directed, or have not thought fit to call for public Notice their Moneys and in case any Officer shall offend herein by making any Payment nrrary to the Tenor to be given, hereof, or in any other Manner than as aforesaid, every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and final!, for Penalty on ot every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to such Person or Persons who Avail sue for the same, ficer offending, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

Law, Jnjunftion, or Order of Restraint, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have his full Costs.

CAP. VI.

An Act that all Retailers of Salt shall sell by Weight.

7 & 8 w. 3.

C 31.

WHEREAS by an Act made at the Parliament, held in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes and aether Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a National Land Bank, and for taking of the Duties upon Tannage of Ships and upon Coals, it was enacted amongst other Things, That all Persons selling Salt (except foreign Salt) made for use, should after the Time therein limited, sell the same after the Rate of six and fifty Pound Weight to the Bushel, and not otherwise, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; and that every Person offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds to the Informer, to be recovered in such Manner as is therein expressed: And whereas several Doubts and Difficulties are made and have arisen upon the Interpretation of the said Clause, and other preceding Clauses in the said Act, touching the Measure of Salt, whereby the Badgers and Retailers of Salt, have made great Advantages and Gain to themselves, and used great Deceit and Wrong to the Buyers, contrary to the true Meaning of the said act for the explaining and clearing of the said Doubts and for Remedy and Prevention of any Deceit by Retailers of Salt for the future, be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and No Badger, Re the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Badger, feu sah other p 6ta^er5 or other Person or Persons whatsoever, making or dealing in Salt, or buying Salt to sell again, wif/than by shall, from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, sell or

Weight, after put to Sale, exchange or otherwise dispose of any Salt to any Person or Persons, or in any County, City the Rate of 561b. or Place whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon

Weight to the Bushel

[Penalty.]

Tweed, otherwise than by Weight, after the Rate of six and fifty Pound Weight to the Bushel, and not by Measure, or in any other Manner, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, and that every Person offending therein, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum, of five Pounds to the Informer who shall prosecute for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Forfeitures and Offences made and committed against this Act, or anything therein contained, shall be heard, adjudged, and determined by any two or more Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeiture shall be made.

or

Farther provided for by 1 Annx? frat. 1. C 2l.

T iftic cs of Peace Offence committed, who are hereby required to hear, adjudge, and determine the same; and if the Party' finds him or herself aggrieved by the Judgement given by the said Justices, the said Party shall and may appeal

to the Justices of Peace at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City or Borough, within which the said Forfeiture was made, and the Offence committed; who are hereby also empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same, whose Judgement therein shall be final; and all Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon Complaint or Information exhibited or brought to them, or any of them, of any Forfeiture made or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to sum forfeitures to be mon the Party accused; upon his or her Appearance or Contempt, to proceed to the Examination of the levied on often jvffatter of Fast; and, ttpon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath any two or more Justices of the Peace have hereby Power to administer) or by the voluntary con session of the Party, to give Judgement or Sentence, according as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands and Seals for the levying of such Forfeitures, as by this Act is imposed, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; and to cause Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if the same shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the party the Overplus, to etnipnioned, any ^. anj for want of sufficient Distress to imprison the Party offending until Satisfaction be made for the Forfeitures.

III. And for preventing of Delays, which may happen through the Neglect or Default of any of the Officers appointed for the collecting the said Duty, to the great Loss and Damage of such Persons as shall ship off or carry by Land any Salt; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when ever any Salt shall be entered to be put on Board any Boat, Ship, or Vessel, or carried by Land, and the Duty paid or secured to be paid, together with all Moneys then or before that Time due and payable, by Bond or otherwise, upon Account of Salt before that Time delivered, the Officer with whom such Salt shall be entered,

and the Duty paid, or secured to be paid, as aforesaid, shall, upon due Notice, by himself or a sufficient

Officer to pttcnft Deputy, in the Daytime, between Sun tiling and Sun setting, attend the weighing out such Salt, without the weighing out ariy Leiss or Hindrance of Time to the Person or Persons that shall ship off or carry the same; and in case he shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall for every such neglect or Default forfeit the Sum of forty Shil penalty on Of lings, to be sued for, recovered, levied, and received, or mitigated, by the same Means, Rules', xvays,

ficer neglecting, and Methods, as the other Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained are directed to be Farther pro*i recovered.

Jiotts relating

heretof 10 11 W. 3. C 22. 1 Ann. flat. 1. C ai. 4 Ann. C 12. 5 Ann. f. 29. 6 Ann, C 12.9 Ann. C 23. 12 Ann. flat. 2, C 2. 5 Geo. 1. e. is.

8 Geo. 1. c. 4 & 16, 11 Geo. 1. c. 30. 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. 5 Geo. 2. c. 6. 8 Geo. 2. c. 12. 14 Geo. 2. c. 22, 26 Gco$ 2, C 3 32.

ho, hear and determine Offences.

Party aggrieved may appeal,

der's Goods.

For want of Di ffrefs, Offender

Salt entered and Duty paid, Scc.

C 7. 693,

CAP. VII.

An A to prevent the Throwing or Firing of Squibbs, Serpents, and other Fire Works.

'1 .1.

WHEREAS much Mischief hath lately happened by throwing, calling, and firing of Squibbs, Serpents, Rockets; and other Fire Works, some Persons having thereby lost their Lives, others their Eyes, others have had their Lives in great Danger, and several other Damages have been sustained by many Persons, and much more may thereby happen, if notfpeedily prevented For Remedy whereof for the future be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, it ftial) not be lawful for any Person or Persons of what Age, Sex, Degree, or Quality soever, to make or cause to be made, or to sell or utter, or offer or expose to Sale, any Squibbs, Rockets, Serpents, or other Fire Works, or any Cases, Moulds, or other Implements for the making any such Squibbs, Serpents, Rockets, or other Fire Works, or for any Person or Persons to permit or suffer any Squibbs, Serpents, Rockets, or other Fire Works, to be call:, thrown, or fired from, out of, or in his, her, or their House or Houses, Lodgings or Habitations, or from, out of, or in any Part or Place thereto belonging or adjoining, into any public Street, Highway, Road, or Passage, or for any Person or Persons, of what Degree, Quality, or Age. soever, to.throw, castor fire, or to be aiding or afliftingin the throwing, calling, or firing of any Squibbs, Serpents, Rockets, or other Fire Works, in or into any public Street, House, Shop, River, Highway, Road, or Passage, and that every such Offence shall be, and is hereby adjudged to be, a common Nnfance.,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, of what Age, Sex, Degree, or Quality soever, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, shall make or cause to be made, or shall sell, give, or utter, or offer or expose to Sale, any Squibbs, Rockets, Serpents, or other Fire Works, or any Cases, Moulds, or other Implements for the making of any such Squibbs, Rockets, Serpents, or other Fire Works, that then every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before one or more Justice or Justices of the peace of the county, Limit, Division, Corporation, Liberty, or Chief Magistrate of the Place, where such Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending, or the Oath of two Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices of Peace, or Chief Magistrate, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds: And if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, shal permit or suffer any Squibbs, Serpents, Rockets, or other Fire Works to be cast, thrown or fired from, out of, or in his, her or their House or Houses, Shops, Dwelling, Lodging or Habitation, or from, out of, or in any Part thereof or Place thereto belonging or adjoining, into any public Street, Highway, Road or Passage, or any other House or Place whatsoever, that then every such Person or Persons so as aforesaid last offending, and being thereof as aforesaid convicted, shall for every such offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; the said several Forfeitures to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate, before whom such Conviction or Convictions shall be as aforesaid made; the one Half of the said Forfeitures to be to the Use of the poor of the Parish where every such Offence shall be committed, and the other half to the use of him or them who shall prosecute, and cause such Offender or Offenders to be as aforesaid convicted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons of what Age, Sex, Degree or Quality soever, from and after the said five and twentieth day of March, shall throw, castor fire, or be aiding or afnfting in the throwing, casting or firing of any Squibbs, Rockets, Serpents or other Fire Works, in or into any public Street, House, Shop, p.iver, Highway, Road or Passage, that then every Person so offending, and being thereof as aforesaid convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings to the Uses aforesaid; and if the Person or Persons so as aforesaid last of fbnding, shall not immediately (upon his, her or their being thereof as aforesaid convicted) pay to the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate, before whom such Conviction shall be as aforesaid made, the said Forfeiture or Forfeitures, for the Uses aforesaid, that then every such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate, is and are hereby empowered and required, by. Warrant underlie or their Hands and Seals, to commit every such Person or Persons, so as aforesaid last offending, to the h&use oft Correction within the County, Division, Limit, Corporation, or Liberty; where such offence as is last mentioned shall be committed, there to remain to be set and kept to hard Labour, without Bail or mfiiri prize, for any Time not exceeding one Month, unless such Offender as is last mentioned shall fdone'f pay such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, to the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master, Lieutenant, 'or of of His Majesty' s. Ordnance 'fr the 'time being, or any other Person or Persons to be by them or any of them authorised, to give orders and Directions for the making any Sorts of fire Works, to be. used and fired according, to such ©filers and Directions as shall be from time to time given by the said Master, Lieutenant, or of of Tils majesty aordinance, or any other Person or Persons to be by thetiji far. that Purpose authorised; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the arti!lei.'y Company of the City of London, or any other Artillery 'company or Society of Persons lawfully met together for the Use and Excite of Aims, the Trained Bands, the Militia of this Kingdom respectively, to make and use, any Sorts of Fire Works in the Exercise and Practice, of Arms and Warlike Exploints only, in such

Manner

From March 1698. no Perfav whatsoever hall make, fell, Sec. Squilbs, Rockets, Serpents,

See. or Cases, Moulds, Sec. fop. making #rch Squibbs,

Penalty on Person throwing or firing Squibbs, See.

or suffering them, Sec. to be thrown or fired from their Houses,

Forfeitures hov/ to be levied apis applied,

Offender not paying Forfeiture to be corn -- milted to the House of cof rection,

and.kept to hard labour.

Officers of the ordnance; sav rray order the: recking of Fire Works,

u

Artillery comv pany of i.ondco, -. See. may ife any Sorts of Fire Works in the Exercise of.

Arms, cas before the making this Act, Persons sued may plead the General Issue, CC

8-

£> 9

Anno nono Sc decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1697.

S &9 W. 3. C zz.

exp:

EXP,

8 & 9w, C 30.

Manner as they are or any of them might lawfully have done before the making of this Act; anything herein contafned to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person be at any Time sued for putting in Execution this Act, or any the Powers therein contained, that then such Person so sued shall and may plead the General Issue of Not guilty, and give the Special Matfer in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff in such Suit or Action be nonsuit, or a Verdict pais for the Defendant, or if such Plaintiff discontinue his Action, or if upon a Demurrer Judgement be given for the Defendant, every such Defendant shall have his full Treble Costs, to be paid by such Plaintiff, and the like Execution for the same, as in any Case where Costs are given at Law for the Defendant.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for explaining an Act made the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry. Duties arising by the said Act shall be appropriated to the Uses mentioned therein, C until the said Loans and Bills, C be paid. Rules in the Act i W. & M. ff. 2. C 1. revived.

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone Lace, Loom Lace, Needlework, Point and Cut Work. [Repealed by n & izw, 3. Cap. ii.j

CAP. X

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of one million four hundred eighty four thousand and fifteen Pounds one Shilling eleven Pence three Farthings, for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

CAP. XI.

An Act for explaining an Act made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for sup plyingfome Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS in and by a certain Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for fapplying some Defeats in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, it was,

amongst other Things therein contained, enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, that from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninaty seven, shall come into any Parish or Place, there to inhabit and reside, should at the same Time procure, bring, and deliver to the Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where any such Person should come to inhabit, or to any or either of them, a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any other Parish, Township, or Place, or the major Part of them, or under the Hands and Seals of the Overseers of the Poor of any other Place where there are no Churchwardens, to be attested respectively by two or more credible Witnesses, thereby owning and acknowledging the Person or Persons, mentioned in the said Certificate, to be an Inhabitant or Inhabitants legally sealed in that Parish, Township, or Place; every such Certificate, having been allowed of and subscribed by two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Borough or Town

Corporate, wherein the Parish or Place from whence any such Certificate shall come doth lie, shall oblige the said Parish or Place to receive and provide for the Person mentioned in the Certificate, with his or her Family, as Inhabitants of that Parish, whenever he, she or they shall happen to become chargeable to, ' or be forced to ask Relief of the Parish, Township or Place, to which such Certificate was given; and that then and not before, it should and might be lawful for any such Person, and his or her Children, ' though born in that Parish, not having otherwise acquired a legal Settlement there, to be removed, conveyed, and settled in the Parish or Place from whence such Certificate was brought: And whereas some Doubts have arisen upon Construction of the said Act, by.what Acts any Person coining to inhabit or re side within any Parish, by virtue of any such Certificate as aforesaid, may procure a legal Settlement in e such Parish, and whether such Certificate did not amount to a Notice in Writing, in order to gain a Settlement: 'For explaining thereof and of the said Act, be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Per

he rent a Tenc fons whatsoever, who shall come into any Parish, by any such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be adjudged by uient of ioi. per any Act whatsoever to have procured a legal Settlement in such Parish, unless. he or they shall really and ibme Pa'iiio % hona side take a Lease of a Tenement of the Value of ten Pounds, or shall execute some annual Office in

43 El. C 4.

No Person adjudged to have a legal Settlement in any Parish, unless

ce. such Parish, being legally placed in such Office.

'*Examined with the Record.' Farther Provisiotis ctnftrmng Poor, z Ann. flat, j7 Geo. jt. C 3, 37 Sf 38. and 31 Get. z C ij.

I. f, is. 5 Geo. I. C S.9 Geo. J. r, 7, 2 Geo. 2. c. 2s. 3 Geo. 2. r. 29.

CAP. XII.

P R. An Act for the enlarging, repairing and preserving the Bridge and Key of the Borough of Bridgivater in the

HP' County of Somerset.

C 13. 69 s

CAP. XIII I

An Act for granting to Kis Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, for a fur9//. 5. flat, it

there Supply of Your majesty's extraordinary Occasions, do most humbly present to Your Majesty 10. 16s? if

the Gift of the Impositions, Rates, and Duties herein after mentioned; and do beseech your Majesty that cf'rc2" C 2'

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and, 'v

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament alfenibhd, C jg.

and by the Authority of the same, That for and during the Term of five Years, commencing from the fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, there shall be raised,

levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Eleirs, and Successors, for and upon

all Coals and Culm, herein after expressed (except Charcoals made of Wood, and Cinders made of Pit

Coal) the several and respective Impositions, Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, herein after mentioned Additional Duty

(over and above all such Duties as are already payable for or in respect of the same, or any of them) thatt0 be Paid for is to say, Coals and Culm,

II. For all Coals which at any Time or Times within or during the said Term shall be imported or j /coalsi' brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from Scot port, j fro" land, or from any Part beyond Sea (in case they are such Coals as are most usually sold by Weight) the Scotland, sold by Sum of five Shillings of lawful English Money for every Tun, reckoning the Tun to consist of twenty Weight, dec. 5s. hundredweight, and every Hundred to consist of one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Averdupois, ^Tan

and after that Rate for any greater or lester Quantity.

III. And for all Coals so imported from Scotland, or any Part beyond Sea, being most usually sold by the For Scotch Coal, Chalder, or by any other Measure whatsoever reduceable to the Chalder, the Sum of seven Shillings six sold by Pence of like Money for every Chalder, reckoning the Chalder to consist of six and thirty Bushels Win Chalder, 7 s. chester Measure, and after that Rate for a greater or lester Quantity of such Coals so imported or brought in 6d perchai from any foreign Parts; the said Duties for foreign Coals imported or brought in as aforesaid, to be paid by L er'

the respective Importer or Importers thereof. tossstoh?

IV. For all Sorts of Coals from time to time shipped or waterborn in order to be ftiipped or laid on board foreign Coals, any Ship or Vessel, to be carried by Sea, and which shall be carried by Sea in any Ship or Vessel, from any For Coals ftip port or Place within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, pedor waterborn and which at any Time or Times within or during the said Term shall be imported, brought or landed in In ene|jnd> Ss» any other Port or Place, within the Kingdom, Dominion or Town aforesaid, being most usually sold by per chalder' the Chalder, or by any other Measure whatsoever reduceable to the Chalder, the Sum of five Shillings of lawful English Money for every Chalder, to be reckoned as aforesaid, and after that Rate for a greater or lester Quantity.

V. And for all Sorts of Coals from time to time so ftiipped, or waterborn in order to be ftiipped and car For Coals ufu ried by Sea from any Port or Place of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of jtales, or Town of Berwick ally/old by upon Tweed, and which at any Time or Times during the said Term shall be imported, brought or landed Weight, 3 s. in any other Port or Place of the same (in case they are such as are most usually foid by Weight) the Sum 4 'per un" of three Shillings fourpence for every Tun, and according to that Proportion for more or less; the said

several Duties for Coals so ftiipped, or waterborn to be shipped, and carried by Sea as aforesaid, from time to time to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation or Landing of such Coals, and to be Duties to be charged upon the respective Owner and Owners, Mailer or other Person having the Charge of every such paid at the Port Ship or Vessel, or of the Coals so carried, imported or brought in the same. where landed.

VI. And for all Culm whatsoever, which at any Time, during the said Term of five Years, shall be wa For all Culm

terborn in order to be shipped within the Kingdom, Dominion, or Town aforesaid, or brought into the waterborne led, same, the Sum of one Shilling per Chalder, and after that Rate, to be paid at the respective Ports and Places per Chalder, of Importation or Landing of such Culm, and to be charged upon the respective Owner and Owners, or 1(1 be Palli at the Mailer or Mailers, or other Person having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel, or of the Culm so car tataion0&c.mp01* ried, imported, or brought in the same. < These Duties

VII. And for the better levying and raising the said several Duties and Sums of Money by this al im are expired, but

posed upon such of the said Coals and Culm as shall be imported or brought in from Scotland, or any Parts the Act is con beyond Sea, as also upon such of the said Coals and Culm as shall or may be shipped, or waterborn to be

shipped, and carried by Sea from any Part of the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town (j/' 3'2' of Berwick upon Tweed, to any other Part of the lame as aforesaid, "it is hereby enacted, That the same c'0mmissioners shall be from time to time under the Management and Government of the commissioners of the customs.of thecuftous for the time being, wholhall cause those Duties from time to time to be raised, levied, collected and paid, 'to manage ihefe so that the Moneys arifin^ thereby (except the necessary Charges of receiving, collecting, levying and ma Duties, C naging the said Duties) shall be answered and paid from time to time into His Majesty's Exchequer, distinct,

and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues.

VIII. And for the better ascertaining and securing of the said Duties upon Coals and Culm imported from Foreign Parts, or shipped, or waterborn to be shipped, and carried by Sea from any Part of England,

Wales, or Berwick, to any other Part of the same as aforesaid; it further enacted, That the said several Duties tobr paid Duties and Sums of Money for such Coals and Culm shall, from time to time, during the said Term of five Bulk Years, be answered and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or to such collector or Personas broken shall by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or

696 C i,

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

and before mei iuredor weighed.

Receipts to be given gratis. Ccak to be entered at the Cull cm House whereim pe r ted. 1 f uwlippeil before Duly {fnid, forfeited; C

Commissioners may appoint Metres and weighers of Coals in the federal jjofts,

Penalty on dialler or Owner, concealing Coals or Culjn. C

Proviso

Z, I. 1

Officers of the several Ports to enter a true Account of all Moneys received and paid,

and the Number of Chalders and Tuns, C

Three Months allowed for pay sng'.ihe Duties, on giving Security.

Ten Pounds percent, allowed for prompt Payment.: Coals imported and per rod again, no further Duty to be paid.

more of them for the time being, under their Hands and Seals, be thereunto appointed, before Bulk of the Ship or veil'd in which they are imported, brought or carried, hall be broken, or any the Coals or Culm therein shall be unladen, and before any Metre, Measurer or Weigher in that Behalf appointed or to be appointed, shall measure or weigh the same'; upon Receipt whereof the Party appointed to receive such Duties shall, without Delay, See or Reward, deliver a Receipt under his Hand, to the Person or Persons who shall pay the find Duty, which Receipt shall for so much be a sufficient Discharge; all which Ships and Vessels, and of the Coals and Culm therein imported or brought, due Entries shall from time to time be made in the Customhouse, of or belonging to such Port or Place where such Importation shall be mada, (if any Custom House be there) or else in the Customhouse of the next Port or Place where such Importation shall be. And in case any of the Paid Coals or Culm so imported, brought or carried by Sea, shall he unshipped to be laid on Land, before the Impositions, Duties or Sums aforesaid respectively due for the same shall be paid or secured, that then as well the Paid Coals and Culm so unshipped, as also the Ship or Vessel out ef which the same shall be so unshipped, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture and Ammunition sit all be forfeited and lost; one Moiety of which Forfeitures shall be unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall seize, sue or inform for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be admitted.

IX. And to the end that the said Impositions and Duties may be duly answered and paid without Fraud or Covin, and for the better levying and collecting thereof, and for the Discovery of the just Quantities of till Sorts of Coals and Culm, from time to time fnipped, or waterborn to be Slipped or carried by Sea, imported or unladen as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Elis Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to or for any four or more of the said commissioners of the Customs for the time being, by writing under their Hands and Seals, from time to time, to assign and appoint, within every or any Port or Place within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, such and so many Metres, Weighers or Measurers of the said Coals and Culm, as shall within the Term aforesaid be imported, brought or landed in such Port or Place, wherein or for which such Metres, Weighers or Measurers shall be assigned or appointed as aforesaid; shall from time to time measure and weigh all such Coals and Culm so imported or brought; and when and as soon as any such Ship or Vessel shall be unladen; shall forthwith deliver a true Certificate in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, unto the Person or Persons appointed to receive the said Impositions or Duties within such Port or Place, of the Sorts, Quantities, and Numbers of Chalders or Tuns of Coals or Culm respectively, which shall be measured or weighed, and delivered from on Board any such Ship or Vessel, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds; And in case it shall appear by such Certificate, or otherwise, that there was on Board any such Ship or Vessel a greater Number of Chalders or Tun's of Coals or Culm, than for which the said Impositions or Duties hereby imposed shall have been answered and paid as aforesaid, that then in every such Case there shall be paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the mailer or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, for every Ghalder or Tun of Coals or Culm so concealed, over and abpve the Impositions and Duties aforesaid, the Sum of ten Shillings, for which, in case of refusal to pay the same, such Ship or Vessel, with the Tackle, Furniture and Apparel thereof, or any part thereof, shall and may be attached and detained by the Officer or Officers for the time being, in such Port or Place appointed to receive the said Impositions or Duties, or to measure or weigh the said Coals or Culm, until Payment thereof, and to sell the said Ship or Vessel, Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, or any part thereof, in case all the said Impositions, Duties or Payments before mentioned) for the said concealed Coals or Culm, shall not be paid and satisfied, with reasonable Costs and Charges for such attaching, detaining or filling; reudring the Overplus; which Sale shall be good and effectual in the Law.

X. Provided nevertheless, That if the Importer, upon such Certificate delivered in by the Measurer or Weigher, Frail, within the Space of six Days after the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, and before her Departure ffbm that port or Place, give in his post entry, and satisfy and pay the whole Duty for the sur plufage of the said Coals or Culm, appearing upon the unlading of such Ship or Vessel, then upon fifth Payment the Penalty aforesaid shall be discharged.

XI. And for the Manifestation of the Truth, and Certainty in the Premises, be it further enacted by though A'uthdfity aforesaid, " That the Officers to be appointed in each Port and Place for the receiving of the said Impositions or Duties, and for the weighing and measuring of the said Coals and Culnr hipped, or water bor'n'to be hipped, imported or landed as aforesaid, shall respectively keep one or more Book or Books for every such Port or Place, wherein they shall respectively enter down a true Account of all such Sums of Money, which shall be paid Or received for or upon Account of the said Impositions or Duties, and of all the Payments and Distmrfements of the same, and also a true Account of the numbers of Chalders and Tuns of Coals and Culm so imported, landed, and unladen in any such Port or Place, and of the respective" Sorts thereof.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be allowed to every Maftgr or Owner of any Ship or Vessel three Months Time for the Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act, 'for 'such Coals and culm, frdnrtime' to time fmpdrted, brought or carried by Sea as aforesaid, good and sufficient Security. being given for the same; such as the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port or Place where such Goods shall be imported or brought shall approve of; or if such Master or Owner shall for the same pay present Money, there shall be allowed him after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum pen Annum, for such prompt Payment; and if any of the Coals or Culm, for which the Duty hereby granted shall be once paid or secured at the Importation' or Landing thereof, shall be again exported and carried to any othier Place of this, Kingdom, there shall. be it further Duty' by this Act paid or demanded for the

sum; "andes any of the Coals

sob Which the Duty by.this Act sit all be once paid or secured as' aforesaid; 3 shall

A.D. 1698. Anno nono

shall be afterwards carried to any Parts beyond the Seas, then an Allowance out of the over sea Duties, Coals carried be or Repayments, shall be made of so much as was before paid by this Act for the same Coals or Culm. rond Sea

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or, u, t prosecuted for anything by him or them done in Execution of this Act, he or they may plead the General issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if a Verdict pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff be nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, the Defendant shall have treble Costs, to be recovered as in other Cases where Coils are given by Law to Defendants.

Coals, 9Anr. C 2s. 13 Geo. 2. c. 21. 14 Geo. 2. c. 41. 17 Geo. 2. c. 35, 19 Geo. a, C 35. 22 Gco % 2. C 37* 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 30 Geo.

2. C 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XIV.

r'crf.ins Aicd my pfc*l ilic Gene issue:, C

Farther provr jions conccrnirg 1. 1. j9. 31 Geo.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Tea and Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due for Transport Service for the Reduction of Ireland.

EXP.

Continued further by 12 A 13 W. 3. ls Geo. 2. c. 26. cap. 11. until 170s. Additional Duties on several Sorts of Goods, &c. imported, expressed in an Act 6 & 7 W. 3. C 7. continued until 1 May 1701. The said Act revived.

CAP. XV.

An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration.

[Vin. V. 3. 40, &c. Dan. V. 1. 513.]

'Whereas it hath been found by Experience, that References made by Rule of Court have contributed much to the Ease of the Subject, in the determining of Controversies, because the Parties become thereby obliged to submit to the Award of the Arbitrators, under the Penalty of Imprisonment for their Contempt in case they refuse Submission;' Now for promoting Trade, and rendering the Awards of Arbitrators the more effectual in all Cases, for the final Determination of Controversies referred to them by Merchants and Traders, or others, concerning Matters of Account or Trade, or other Matters; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same,

[Merchants and Traders, &c. desiring to end Controversies by Arbitration, may agree their Submission of the Suit to the Award of any Person.]

That from and after the eleventh Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful for all Merchants and Traders, and others desiring to end any Controversy, Suit or Quarrel, Controversies, Suits or Quarrels, for which there is no other Remedy but by personal Action or Suit in Equity, by Arbitration,

[Agreement so made to be inserted in their Submission, &c.]

to agree that their Submission of their Suit to the Award or Umpirage of any Person or Persons should be made a Rule of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, which the Parties shall choose, and to insert such their Agreement in their Submission, or the Condition of the Bond or Promise, whereby they oblige themselves respectively to submit to the Award or Umpirage of any Person or Persons, which Agreement being so made and inserted in their Submission or Promise, or Condition of their respective Bonds, shall or may, upon producing an Affidavit thereof made by the Witnesses thereunto, or any one of them, in the Court of which the same is agreed to be made a Rule, and reading and filing the said Affidavit in Court, be entered of Record in such Court,

[Parties to be finally concluded by such Arbitration.]

and a Rule shall thereupon be made by the said Court, that the Parties shall submit to, and finally be concluded by the Arbitration or Umpirage which shall be made concerning them by the Arbitrators or Umpire, pursuant to such Submission;

[In case of Disobediences, Party neglecting subject to Penalty, &c.]

and in case of Disobedience to such Arbitration or Umpirage, the Party neglecting or refusing to perform and execute the same, or any Part thereof, shall be subject to all the Penalties of contemning a rule of Court, when he is a Suitor or Defendant in such Court, and the Court on Motion shall issue Process accordingly, which Process shall not be stopped or delayed in its Execution, by any Order, Rule, Command, or Process of any other Court, either of Law or Equity,

[unless Arbitators misbehaved themselves.]

unless it shall be made appear on Oath to such Court, that the Arbitrators or Umpire misbehaved themselves, and that such Award, Arbitration or Umpirage was procured by Corruption, or other undue Means.

[Corrupt Arbitration void, and may be set aside, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Arbitration or Umpirage procured by Corruption, or undue Means, shall be judged and esteemed void and of none Effect, and accordingly be set aside by any Court of Law or Equity, so as Complaint of such Corruption or undue Practice be made in the Court where the Rule is made for Submission to such Arbitration or Umpirage, before the last Day of the next Term after such Arbitration or Umpirage made and published to the Parties; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to execute Judgments and Decrees saved in a Clause in an Act of the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court held before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales, Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, &c. may issue forth Execution on Judgments, &c. given in the President's Court of the Marches of Wales, before 1 June 1689, &c. and may reverse or affirm the said Judgments.

[1 W. & M. s. 1. c. 27.]

EXP.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange,

WHEREAS great Damages and other Inconveniences do frequently happen in the Course of Trade and Commerce, by reason of Delays of Payment and other Neglects on inland Bills of

698 C 18, 19. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

---

'Exchange in this Kingdom;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of Bills of Ex June next, which shall be in the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, all and every Bill or Bills of change drawn in Exchange drawn in, or dated at and from, any trading City or Town, or any other Place in the Kingdom England, Scc. of of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the Sum of five Pounds Sterling or a am^at ^cer upwar(e, upon any Person or Persons of or in London, or any other Trading City, Town, or any other tain numbetof Place (in which said Bill or Bills of Exchange shall be acknowledged and expressed the Paid Value to be re bays, Sec. after ceived) and is and shall be drawn payable at a certain Number of Days, Weeks, or Months after Date Acceptance, and thereof, that from and after Presentation and Acceptance of the said Bill or Bills of Exchange (which Ac 3 Days after it is ceptance shall be by the underwriting the same under the party's Hand so accepting) and after the expira!rotc(i thiffan"e tonne f three Days after the said Bill or Bills shall become due, the Party to whom the said Bill or Bills are Farther prov.fi made payable, his Servant, Agent, or Assigns, may and shall cause the said Bill or Bills to be protested by ons relating a Notary Public, and in Default of such Notary Public, by any other substantial Person of the City, hereto, 3 & 4 Town, or Place, in the Presence of two or more credible witnesses, Refusal or Neglect being first made of Anna?, C due Payment of the same; which Protest shall be made and written under a fair written Copy of the said 7 Bil! of Exchange, in the Words or Form following

Ann. C 25, I Salk, 131. Mod. Cases in the Law So, 373. 6 Mod. 80.

The Form of the Protest

NOW all Men, that I A.B. on the Day of at the usual Place

C Jftk. CL Abode of the said have demanded Payment of the Bill, of the which,

the above is the Copy, which the said did not pay, wherefore I the said

do hereby protest the said Bill. Dated this

Day of

Froteff or Notice II Which Protest so made as aforesaid, shall within fourteen Days after making thereof be sent, or thereof to be otherwise due Notice shall be given thereof, to the Party from whom the said Bill or Bills were received, after irud'^w 's' upon producing such Protest, to repay the said Bill or Bills, together with all Interest and Charges And 6d. for from the Day such Bill or Bills were protested; which Protest shall be paid a Sum not exceeding the the Protest. Sum of sixpence; and in Default or Neglect of such Protest made and sent, or due Notice given within In Default of the Days before limited, the Person so sailing or neglecting thereof, is and shall be liable to all Calls, Da protestmade, C mages and Interest, which do and shall accrue thereby.

obie^to Costsf"

III. Provided nevertheless, That in case any such inland Bill or Bills of Exchange shall happen to be lost or mifearried within the Time before limited for Payment of the same, then the Drawer of the said Bill carried" Drawer" or Bills s anc shall be obliged to give another Bill or Bills of the same Tenor with those first given, the to give another. Person or Persons to whom they are and shall be so delivered giving Security if demanded, to the said Drawer, to indemnify him against all Persons whatsoever, in case the said Bill or Bills of Exchange foal ledged to be lost or mifearried, shall be found again.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the repairing the Highways from the Town of Birdlip, and the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester. For 20 Years from 24 June 1698.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hirbe at Colchester, to tvivenboe. Duties to be paid from 1 Alay^ 1698. for 21 Years, for all Goods landed or shipped from tvivenboe, or the New Hi the in Colchester. Every, Bay, Say, or Perpetuane, a Half Penny, Timber 6d. per Tun, Chalk 3 d. per Tim; Paving Stone 6d.per Tun; other Stones, Tobacco Pipe Clay, Ashes or Pantyles 12^. per Tun. Fullers Earth or Sea Coal 12d. per Chalder. Oil 3 s. per Tun. Wine or Brandies 5s. per Tun.

'Made perpetual All other Goods, C 2 s. per Tun. To be paid before landed, or shipped. Continued by 5 Geo. r. by 13 Geo. i. C 31. §. 1. from May 1719. to May 1740. Duties to be paid to Collector, and by him to Receiver Ge

u i'neral. Mayor, Cfc. may assign where the Channel shall be enlarged, &c. may cut and dig the Land so

laid out, fife. Earl of kent's Land not to be cut. Except gravel pit Land, and two Pieces called Forelands. Nor the Lands of Nicholas Corfellis, Esq; unless Reed Point. In case of Damage Mayor and Commonalty to repair the same. Soil not to be laid on any person's Land without Licence. On Payment of Sum agreed on, such Lands to be vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, &c. Penalty on Mayor, &c. not repairing the premisses. Mayor, &c. to compound with the Owners of Lands. Commissioners to mediate between the Corporation and Owners, and proportion every person's Share. On non agreement, Sheriff of Essex to impanel a Jury, who are to inquire and afiefs Damages. Commissioners to give Judgement thereupon, &c. Such Judgement binding, to be kept among the Records of thcsessions. Mayor, (sc. may nominate Collector, &c. Mayor of Colchester, and justices of the East Division of Essex to be Commissioners, and to take Account of the Receipts and Disbursements, &c. No Goods to be laded or unladed at any Key in Colchester River but at tvivenboe, and the New Hit he. Giles Sayers Wharf excepted, &c. Goods, &c. unladen at tvivenboe, and not carried to Colchester, e. exempted from Duties. The like from Colchester to tvivenboe. Mayor, &c. may engage the Profits of the 1 oil, and grant the same for 21 Years, for Security for Money borrowed, with Interest at 6l. percent, If before Expiration of the Term, sufficient Money be raised for the Uses aforesaid, Duties to cease. In case Mayor, &c. make new Channel through Gravel pit Land, Earl of Kent may either have the Value thereof, or retain the same.

4

i X P.

r r.

C 20, 21. 699

Cap. XX

An Act to naturalise the Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and others the natural horn Subjects of e X P. 'this Realm, who have been born Abroad during the War, the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government.

Cap. xxr.

An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other ditninishing the Coin

of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the preventing the Currency of dipped and unlawfully diininiflied, and counterfeit Mo 1 Haiti P. C

ney, is a more effectual Means to preserve the Coin of this Kingdom entire and pure than the mod: 37- rigorous Laws for the Punishment of such as diminish or counterfeit the same: And whereas by the

known Laws of this Kingdom no Person ought to pay, or knowingly tender in Payment, any counter feit or unlawful diminished Money, and all persons not only may refuse to receive the same, but may,

' and by the ancient Statutes and Ordinances of this Kingdom have been required to destroy and deface stat.de Monet.

' the same; and more especially the Tellers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, by their Duty and Oath of parr. 2oedw. i.

Office, are required to receive no Money but good and true; and to the end the same might the better 5-

' be discerned and known, by the ancient Course of the Lid Receipt of the Exchequer all Money ought to 19 17' c'5'

be received there by Weight as well as by Talc: For the restoring of which Course, together with

' other Things, an Act was made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the 8 & 9V 3.

C better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer, whereby amongst other Things ca

it is enacted, That the respective Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, when any Money shall be brought to the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to be there paid, shall without Delay receive it, weighing

the same in entire Sums or otherwise, and making due Entry of the Weight and Tale thereof, according to the ancient Course 3 but no Provision is made in the said Act, that the said Tellers shall refuse to re ceive the said Money, in case it shall not be of its due Weight: And the former and ancient Laws being

grown into Desuetude, whereby unlawfully diminished and counterfeit Money receive a Currency, and

wicked and traitorous Persons are encouraged to diminish and counterfeit the same: Now to the End the

Kingdom, after so vast a Charge and Expense for the Reformation of the Silver Coin, and restoring it to

its due Weight and Purity, may not relapse into the same Evil, from which it hath been so lately deli

with great Difficulty and Hazard, and that counterfeit and unlawfully diminished Money, which

already begins to increase, may be defaced and destroyed, 'Be it" declared and enacted by the King's imjr. fist.

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and 6. Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That it is and shall he lawful to and 1+ El. C 3. for any Person, to whom any Silver Money shall be tendred, any Piece or Pieces whereof shall be dimi anyf^nemay nished, otherwise than by reasonable wearing, or that by the Stamp, Impression, Colour, or Weight there di'mi'nifhea of of, he shall suspect to be counterfeit, to cut, break, or deface such Piece or Pieces; and if any Piece so counterfeit mo cut, broken, or defaced, shall appear to be counterfeit, the Person tendring the same shall bear the Loss ney.

thereof; but if the same shall be of due Weight, and appear to be lawful Money, the Person that cut, person tendring

broke, or defaced the same, shall, and is hereby required to take and receive the same at the Rate it was such Money to coined for; and if any Question or Dispute shall arise, whether the Piece so cut be counterfeit, it shall be bear the Lots, heard and finally determined by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer of any City or Town C

Corporate, where such 1 ender shall be made; and if such Tender shall be made out of any City or Town Mayor, C to

Corporate, then by the next Justice of the Peace of the County, inhabiting or being near the Place where determine Dif* such Tender shall he made; and the said Alayor, or other Chief Officer, and Justice of the Peace shall Putes

have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath as he shall see convenient, to any Person for the de and administer termining any Questions relating to the said Piece. an 0at!l

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tellers of the Receipt of the Ex officers of the chequer, and their Deputies and Clerks, and Receivers General of every Branch of His Majesty's Reve Exchequer, re nue. Aids, Impositions, Duties, and Taxes, given or granted, or to be hereafter given or granted, shall covers Cenerai, and are hereby required, to cut, break, or deface, or cause to be cut, broken, or defaced, every Piece of ^ct'fuxmonc° counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished. Silver Money, that shall be tendred in Payment to them to the Use so tendred, &: ? of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or for any Part of the Revenue, Aids, Impositions, Duties, or

Taxes of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; and the better to discover Silver Money that is counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished, from that which is good and true, the Tellers and Receivers General, and their respective Deputies and Clerks, shall weigh in whole Sums, or otherwise, all Silver Money by them received; and if the same, or any Piece thereof, shall, by the Weight or otherwise, appear to be counter ami to weigh all feit, or unlawfully diminished, the same shall not be received by or from them in the said Receipt of the Silver Money Exchequer, nor be allowed them upon their respective Accounts. received.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made the last Session of this pre g&jw, 3- C lent Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, 26. continued, and every Article and Clause therein contained, shall from henceforth continue and be of force until the Siefarther

five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred jtat.i.c^.arj and one, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament. 15 rfa'a"f': '

4u 2

ro G. 22, 23. Anno nono Sc decimo Gulielmi III A.D. 1698.

Z &9V

39 e!iz. C j6t repealed.

Justices Orders vacated.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act to refrain the excessive making of Malt, and to discharge and vacate orders made by judices of Peace by virtue thereof, for retraining Matters from making Malt.

WHEREAS by an Act made the last Sessions of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Szvccts, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards earning on the jvar against France, as for the neccjj ary Expense of His Majesty's Houshold, and other Occa fions, a Duty of sixpence per Bushel was laid upon Malt for a certain Time therein limited: And whereas an Act was made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

' An Act to refrain the excefive making of Malt, and there hath been some Doubt, whether the same Act ' be now in force, by rcaion the Title of the said Act was mistaken in the Act of Parliament whereby' it was designed to have been continued; yet nevertheless several Justices of Peace at their Quarter sessions have taken upon them to make Orders to suppress and restrain Malfters from buying of Barley to convert' ' into Malt, and from using and exercising the Employ of Malting by the Space of one Year, which is a' ' great Damage to His Majesty, by Ieflening the Revenue, and a Discouragement to Malfters: 5 For Remedy thereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act: made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of Queen Eliza beth be repealed, and all Orders made by Justices of Peace for restraining Malfters from making of Malt, 'since the said Duty of sixpence a Bushel was laid upon Malt, are hereby vacated and discharged,

CAP. XXIII.

newsubfidy. An Act for granting to His Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, towards!

raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of majesty's household, and other Uses therein mentioned, during His Majesty's Life.

Continued by 1 Geo. 2. ft, 1. C 1.

'l/jjhereas Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of England in Pallia 1 ' V / meat assembled, being deeply sensible of the great Blessings which, by the Goodness of Amighty' ' God, we and all other the Subjects of Your majesty's Realms and Dominions, in the free Exercise of e the true Christian Religion (the most valuable Benefit which can be bestowed on any Nation or People)

' as also in our Liberties and Properties, do fully enjoy under your majesty's most auspicious Government;

' and being desirous to make a grateful Acknowledgment of Your majesty's unparalleled Graee and Fa ' your to us Your Commons, and particularly for the great and successful Undertakings and Atchiev -- ' merits, whereby Your Majesty hath been the happy Instrument of securing the aforesaid Blessings to us and our Posterities; 'have therefore freely and unanimously resolved to increase Your majesty's Revenue during Your majesty's Reign (which God long continue) and do give and grant unto Your most Excellent Majesty the further Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, herein after mentioned; and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That over and above all Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and over and above all additional Duties, Impositions, and other Duties whatsoever, by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to His Majesty, for or upon any Wines, Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, imported or to be imported, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto His Majesty, one other Subsidy called 'tunnage, for and upon all Wines, which from and after the last Day of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, at any Time or Times, during his Majesty's Life, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed (that is to say)

II. Of every Tun of Wine of the Growth of France, or of any the Dominions of the French King, or Crown of France, that shall come into the Port of London, and the Members thereof, by way of Merchandise, by His Majesty's natural born Subjects, the Sum of four Pounds and ten Shillings of current englif) Money, and io after thac Rate; and by Strangers and Aliens six Pounds of the like Money: And of every Tun of the like Wine, which shall be brought into all and every the other Ports and Places of this Kingdom, and the Dominions thereof, by way of Merchandise, by His Majesty's natural born Subjects, the Sum of three Pounds; and by Aliens four Pounds ten Shillings.

31. per Tun, and by Aliens 41. 10 s.

Mufcadels,

III. And of every But or Pipe of Mufcadels, Malmseys, Cutes, Tents, Alicants Bastards, Sacks, cana mafmfey^&c. r; CS) malaga's, madera's, and other Wines whatsover, commonly called Sweet Wines, of the Growth of Wpe Ut 01 the Levant, Spain, Portugal, or any of them, or any the Islands or Dominions to them or any of them belonging,

or elsewhere, that shall come or be brought into the Port of London, by His Majesty's natural and by Aliens born Subjects, the Sum of fortyfive Shillings of current Englif Money, and so after that Rate; and by 31- Strangers and Aliens three Pounds of like Money: Apd of every But and Pipe of the like Wine, which shall

come or be brought into all and every or any the other Ports and Places of this Kingdom and Dominions

thereof,

Additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, C granted for the King's Lite, z.

French Wines imported to lor don by the king's subjects to pay 4l. 1 os, pertun, and by Aliens 61. per Tun. French Wines imported into any other Ports

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III

C 23.

T

thereof, by way of Merchandise, by His Majesty's natural born Subjects, the Sum of thirty Shillings; and by Strangers fortyfive Shillings.

IV. And of every Awm of Rheniflr Wine, or Wine of the Growth of Germany, (hat shall be brought nhr iih Vy'inr, into this Realm and the Dominions thereof, by His Majesty's natural born Subjects, the Sum of twenty fc. or.^r Shillings of current englijj Money; and by Strangers and Aliens twenty-five Shillings: And that such, Wines that shall be landed in any the Out Ports, and afterwards brought to the Port of London by Certifi, he ow nc'l'i' " cate, shall pay so much more Subsidy by this Act as they paid short of the Duty due in the Port of London, andai ismards Which several Rates for Wines are the same which are expressed in a certain Book of Rates, which was hroiigl.t 10 ln figued by Sir Hmbettlc gr urstone, Baronet, formerly Speaker of the House of Commons, and which is rector "'say iinferred to by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, M'jj4^C intituled, A Subsidy g anted to the King of Tunnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payaide upon Mer London.'° chandizes exported and imported. And one further Subsidy called Poundage (that is to say) of all manner of ucar. i. c.ij. Goods and Merchandizes of every Merchant, natural born Subject, Denizen, and Alien, to be imported

or brought into this Realm, or any His Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times xzd. rct|1> n after the said last Day of January one thou Band six hundred ninety-nine, during his Majesty's Life, by way g°rds ?nd of Merchandise, of the Value of every twenty Shillings of the same Goods and Merchandizes, according to the several and particular Rates and Values of the same Goods and Merchandizes, as the same are parti 1 cularly and respectively rated and valued in the aforesaid Book of Rates, twelve Peiice, and so after that Rate; and if there shall happen to be brought into this Realm any Goods liable to the Payment of Sub Cords imported, fidy by this Act granted, which are not particularly rated in the said Book of Rates, that in every such an not Case every Customer or Collector for the time being shall levy the Subsidy by this Act granted, according LT n, 1: chook to the Value and Price of such Goods, to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Merchant, in the Presence of su bfidyv'c^' the Customer, Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor, or any two of them: Except and forprized out of fij] [u', this Grant of Subsidy of Poundage, all Wines before limited to pay Subsidy of Tunnage, and all manner goodvcxcqi^d. of Fifii English taken, and brought by English Bottoms, into this Realm, and all manner of frdh Fish and Altered by to & Bcaftial that shall come into this Realm, and all other Goods and Merchandizes, which in the said Book 11 w 3 C s of Rates are mentioned to be Custont free, and except and foreprized out of this Grant of Suhfidy of '7- W" Poundage all Goods and Merchandizes which are commonly used in Dying. ou and Blubber,

C and by 9 Geo. X C 21. §, 3. as to Tobacco.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further cnnfted, That all Drugs chargeable by this Act, which shall Drugs and

be imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English built Shipping shall be rated to pay by this Spicery (except Act one third Fart of what is charged thereupon in the said Book of Rates, and no more; and that all &lprt'm.pjn\e'Spicery, except Pepper, which shall be imported directly from the Place of its Growth in English built third Tart, C Shipping, shall be rated to pay by this Act one third Part of what is charged in the said Book of Rates, and no more; and that this Act shall not extend to charge Linen imported with the additional Duty of one Moiety of the Rate mentioned in the said Book of Rates; and that all foreign wrought Silks exported Other Sorts of within one Year from the Importation, shall have two thirds of the Rate hereby charged repaid at the Ooodsanj Mer custorri House; this Act shall not extend to charge wrought Silks imported with the additional Duty see^ge'o r of one Moiety mentioned in the said Book of Rates; or to charge Tobacco of the English Plantations with ce the additional Duty of one Penny per Pound, over and above the Subsidy mentioned in the said Book of 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. Rates; or to charge Wines of the Growth of France, Germany, Portugal, or Madeira, wirh the additional §17.

Duty of three Pounds per Tun, or any other Wines with the additional Duty of four Pounds per Tun, mentioned in the said former Acts or Book of Rates; and that for all 7'obacco of the English Plantations, Alterei by 12 which shall be imported and exported again within one Year after such Importation, the further Subsidy anna., flat. 2. one Penny per Pound hereby granted, shall be repaid at the Customhouse. C>

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the several Subsidies of Tunnage Allowances ard: and Poundage by this Act granted, there shall be such and the like Allowances and Abatements in all abaterr.i ms. Cases, as are or were prescribed in the like Cases by the said former Act, or by the said Book of Rates, or the Rules thereunto annexed, and to be made and allowed under the same Restrictions, and in the same Manner and Form as are therein expressed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several Subsidies of Tunnage Dut; es to te ie

and Poundage hereby granted, shall be raised, levied and collected by the respective Officers of His Ma vied bytheof jesty's Customs for the time being, under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of the ficeisof thecui' customs for the time being; and shall be brought and paid, or answered into the Receipt of His Majesty's &c and

Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned (such Charge as shall be necessary for the |ald 'nt 1 ie Management of this Revenue only excepted) and that all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Pec e<31er't nalties. Forfeitures, Matters and Things whatsoever, contained in the said former Act of Tunnage and Poundage, or in the said Book of Rates, or the Rules thereunto annexed, or in any other Laws or sta car tutes whatsoever now in Force, for raising, levying, Tecuring, collecting, answering or paying the Subsidy and Book of Tunnage and Poundage thereby granted, shall tie applied, practised, and put in Execution, for the rai ofp.a ts, to be sing, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage by this Act granted in Force &c' 1

as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Clauses, Powers, Directions

Forfeitures, Matters and Things were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the whole further Subsidy laid by this Act upon all subsidyonsugars Sugars that shall be imported from the English Platations in America, shall ard may be drawn and paid back impn|r: ed: to

at the Exportation thereof; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. port tion"

IX. And whereas great Quantities of Brown and Muscovado Sugars have formerly been refined here 'or a 1 4 in England, and afterwards exported to foreign Markets, whereby a great Number of People have been

yo C 23,

'Anno nono & decimo guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

employed, and a Manufacture carried on very profitable to this Kingdom; which Trade of refining Sugars for Exportation will be lost, unless a Drawback be allowed, when such Sugars are exported, after they are refined here, suitable to the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of Brown and Muscovado Sugars, by reason foreign Nations will be thereby enabled to refine them cheaper Abroad than they can be done here at Home; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Hundred Weight of Sugar refined in England (and foin Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity) exported out of this Kingdom after the said last Day of 'january, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be repaid at the Customhouse to the Exporter, within one Month after Demand thereof, the Sum of three Shillings, Oath being first made by the Refiner, that the said Sugar so exported was produced from Brown and Muscovado Sugar charged by

Drawback of 3 s. C per 100 wt, on Exportation of Muscovado Sugar refined in England, on Oath that the

"this Act, and that, as he verily believes, the f.me was imported from His Majesty's Plantations in America,

gar imported from America,

c

Merchant to have 3 Months for paying the Subsidy on Tobacco, cor 701, percent,

ment.

Ginger to pay asper icp wt,

and that, as he verily believes, the Duty of the said Brown and Muscovado Sugar was duly paid at the time of the Importation thereof, and that the same was duly exported, His Majesty's Searcher also certifying the Shipping thereof, and all other Requisites duly performed, according to the Book of Rates.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the further Subsidy hereby granted upon Tobacco of the Engltfa Plantations in America, the Merchant Importer shall have three Months Time from the Importation to pay the same, giving Security for the Payment thereof accordingly; and in case of paying the same sooner than the said three Months, the said Merchant Importer shall be allowed a Discount after thd Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for prompt Payment; anything herein contained to the confer prompt Pay trnry notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That Ginger of the Englifl) Plantations in the West Indies, which by the said Book

of Rates: s valued at sixteen Pence a Pound, shall pay for the said former Subsidy one Shilling for every

hundred Weight, and for the Subsidy by this Act one Shilling for every hundred Weight, and after that

proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, and no more; anything in this Act, or the said former Act, to uthe contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas great Quantities of cut Whalebone fit for Use are frequently imported in short, Lengths and small Parcels, by' Means whereof, not only His Majesty is defrauded of the Duties laid thereupon, but the Merchants importing, and the Manufacturers employed in cutting of Sin Whalebone, Cut Whalebone are greatly prejudiced and discouragedbe it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, imported other That if any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, hall import or bring than in Fms n into this Kingdom of England', Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any Cut whale do tible theva one (other than in Sins only) he, she or they hall forfeit the Goods, and double the Value of the Cut

lue. Whalebone so imported, one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other

By 4 Anna?, C Moiety to him or them that shall seize or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, where jz. §. 6, the in no Eftbin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; any importer forfeits thing in this Act, or any former Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

of the Ship roh

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all' Cases where any the Foreign Goods or Merchandizes by this Act charged with the Subsidy of Tunnage or

Foreign Goods, Poundage hereby granted (other than and except foreign wrought Silk, Tobacco, Sugars, and refined su exportedagain in gars, touching which other Provisions are hereby made) shall at any Time or Times be again exported by jz Months after aily Merchant English, within twelve Calendary Months, or Stranger within nine Calendary Months, after the Importation thereof, and that due Proof be first made by Certificate from the proper Officers, of the due Entry and Payment of the Subsidyhereby granted, of any such Foreign Goods, Wines, or Merchandizes inward, together with the Oath of the Merchant importing and exporting the same, affirming the Truth thereof, and that all other Requisites hail be performed, which are by Law required to be performed,

b^geo31 ea's n aes where the Half Subsidy is repaid by the said former Act, the whole S ubfidy by this Act granted, and

flat. ive.'zi. which shall have been actually paid for such Goods, Wines or Merchandizes, shall, without any Delay or

j0. Reward, be repaid unto such. Merchant or Merchants who do export the same, within one Month after

Demand thereof; or the Security for the said Subsidy by this Act charged shall be vacated, as to so much as' hall be so exported; and that as to the said foreign wrought Silks, Tobacco; Sugars, and refined Sugars, no Repayment or Drawback of or for the Subsidy by this Act shall be made or allowed for the reign sub. to same, unless they respectively be again exported within the Times hereby limited for other Goods; and bacco, Sugar, that jue pr00f be made, and other Requisites performed, for the said Sjlks, Tobacco, Sugar,

and refined Sugar, as are hereby directed in the like Case for other Goods or Merchandizes exported; and: that upon such Exportation of foreign wrought Silks, and such due Proof made, and other Requisites performed for the same, not only the two thirds of the Subsidies by this Act directed to be repaid for such Silks as aforesaid, but also the remaining one third of the same Subsidy, hail be entirely repaid at the Customhouse; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas it is intended, that the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds shall be

supplied to his Majesty for the Service of His Houflrold and Family, and for other His necessary Fx ' pences and Occasions out of the Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other LI

ize; ir. C 73. < quors, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Southeast

' cond, and out of the Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, payable for the

2w. & m.ff. 1. Term of His Majesty's Life, by an Act of Parliament made and paftld in the second Year of the Reign

C 3* C of His Majesty and the late Queen of Blessed Memory, after all the Tallies charged upon the weekly Sum

' of six thousand Pounds issuing out of the said several Rates and Duties of Excile, pursuant to an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign in that Behalf, and still remaining unfa tisfied (with the Interest thereof) hall be fully paid off and cleared; and out of the Revenue of the

General Letter Office or Postoffice, or the Office of the Postmaster General, after all the Tallies charged

'*upon the weekly Sum of six hundred Pounds, issuing out of that Revenue, pursuant to the said Act of

' Parliament

Importation, Subsidy shall be repaid,

These 12. and9Months are en

Drawback on exporting foc.

rj Sc S W. 3

<$ 30,

A.D. 1698. Anno nono Sc decimo Guglielmi III C 24. 793,

Parliament for the seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and still remaining unsatisfied, and all the Int terest thereof shall be fully paid and discharged; out of the small Branches of His Majesty's Revenues herein after mentioned and expressed, that is to say, The First fruits and Tenths of the Clergy;

' the Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry payable in the Alienation Office; the Pod Fines;

' the Revenue of the Wine Licences; the Moneys arising by Sheriffs Profers and Compositions in the Exchequer, and by the Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods; the Revenue of the Duchy of corn wall, and any other Revenue arising by the Rents of Lands in England or Thales, or for Fines of Leases of the same, or any of them; and the Duty of four and an half per Centum in Specie, arising in Barbados and the Leeivard islands in America; and out of the Moneys which from and after the Commencement of this Act shall arise by the further Subsidies and Duties hereby granted; 'Be it therefore further enacted, and it is hereby enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said great' and small Branches rf the forefom! and Revenues herein before mentioned, and out of which the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Revenues pro pounds is intended to be supplied as aforesaid, and every or any of them, shall produce in clear Money duce more than the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth a^mom0 over of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, that then plus not to be the Overplus of such Produce (being more than the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand pounds) disposed of but shall not be issued, disposed, made use of or applied to any Use or Purpose, or upon any Pretext whatsoever, ty Parliament, without the Authority of Parliament: And that all Grants and Dispositions whatsoever hereafter to be made ^ejealvy by IS of such Overplus, or any Part thereof, from time to time, without the Authority of Parliament, shall be utterly void and of none Effect; the Grantees, or other Persons to whom such Grants or Dispositions, Grants ihfreof or any of them, shall be made, of such Overplus, or any Part thereof, shall be adjudged uncapable in Law void, and crau to take, hold, keep, detain or enjoy the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary not with tees "ncapab'«

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates or Interests in several Annuities therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your majesty's extraordinary Occasions for Supplies of Money, do cheerfully and unanimously present unto Your majesty a further Aid to arise by the Contributions herein after mentioned; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, having or Persons having not having any Estate for one Life, of and in any Annuity, purchased or obtained at the Rate of one hun ur not having dred Pounds for every fourteen Pounds per Annum, upon the several Acts of Parliament mentioned in an Annuities for Act made and passed in the Parliament which was held at Westminster in the sixth and seventh Years of q^tat ertnn? His Majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for enabling such Persons as have estates for Life in Annuities, pay g ^) y,able by several fortner Acts therein mentioned., to purchase and obtain further and more certain Intercjls in such Anc. 5. nuities, and in Default thereof for admitting other Persons to purchase and obtain the same, for raising Money for carrying on the tvar against France) at any Time before the first Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, so much mo s ney, as every or any such Annuity, being computed for four Years, doth or shall amount unto (that is to -> say) Every such Person, having or being intituled to such Estate for Life, shall or may pay to His Majesty's may advance k Use, for every one hundred Pounds that was paid for the single Life in any Annuity of fourteen Pounds ev, ery icol. c. per Annum, the Sum of six and fifty Pounds, for changing or converting the same into a certain Term, for s.01- Than' the Residue which shall be then to come of ninety six Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety five, or for an Interest in such Annuity for the Residue of Term for the the said Term of ninety six Years, to take Effect after the said Estate for Life; and every Person, not ha residue of 96 > ving such Estate for Life, shall or may contribute, or pay to His Majesty's Use, for every hundred Sounds Years, cor. that was paid for the single Life in any such Annuity of fourteen Pounds per Annum, the like Sum of six

and fifty Pounds, for an Interest in such Annuity, for the Residue of the said Term of ninety six Years, Eihtefor lity to be charged with and subject to the present Estate for Life of and in the same Annuities respectively, and in the same Proportion there shall be paid a rate or Consideration for higher or larger Annuities; and that Persons on Pay all and every the Person and Persons, so paying the Consideration money as aforesaid, shall immediately ment intituled to upon Payment of their Moneys he intituled by this Act to such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, and f "ch Annuities the same shall be charged upon such respective Fund or Revenue in the said former Act mentioned, as if the eaivefnnds Consideration money, so to be contributed or advanced for the same, had been actually advanced or con ci

tributed within the respective Times limited by the said former Act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Powers, and Clauses in the said Flowers in the former Act contained, for or concerning the levying of Tallies, the making forth of Orders, or for making Aa 4 T

Transferences or Alignments, or for the apportioning or applying the Moneys arising by the said Funds C 5'rcvlve " or Revenues, or any of them, or for appointing, settling, or establishing any other Matter or Thing, for orin Relation to the respective Annuities thereby purchased or obtained, shall be, and are by force and virtue of this Act revived, and shall be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect 1 of such Annuities as shall be purchased and obtained upon this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Directions, and Clauses were here again expressed and particularly repeated,

III. And!

7©4

Moneys arising 1)}^ the said Contributions how appropriated,

w 3- C 44*y

3 Geo. 2. C so.

Geos. C 9. Vtn, V 19. <90. Burn, V\Z, 454.

Prmn 1 Aug. jG98, for ever shall be pa: d to the King, his Heirs, cover

and above the Sums now payable, the Duties following, viz.

Grants or Letters Patents,

C 40 s. per Skin or Piece.

Pardons, See. (except Newgate Vardo ns, C 40 s. per Skin.

Grant of Money, Scc. 40 s. per Skin or Sheet.

Grant of Office or Employment above 50 1. per Ann. 40 s. snd of Lands in Fee, See. under the Great Seal, &rc. 40 s.

Preferstation or Donation, Sec, 40 s.

[Proviso.]

Dispensalion to hold two Benefices, 40 s,

Admittance to Feliowship, or Attorney, See, 4° s.

Annual Officers in Corporations, C exempted.

Appeal from the admiralty, Arches, Scc.

40 s.

C. 25. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys which shall come into the Receipt of His Majesty, Exchequer of or for the said Contributions, for further or more certain Estates in the said Annuities to be purchased as aforesaid, hall be blued and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated, towards the Payment and Satisfaction of the off reckonings of His Majesty's Army, for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety seven: that out of the same the persons concerned in clothing of the Army for the Year aforesaid, be paid so much as is due to them or any of them for such Clothing, that is chargeable upon the off reckonings of the said Year.

CAP. XXV.

An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being dtfirous to raise such Aids and Supplies as may be proportionable to Your majesty's great and extraordinary Occasions, do humbly present your Majesty with the free Gift of the further Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, for the several and respective Things herein after mentioned, which hall he written or ingrafted at any Time or Times after the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety-eight (over and above the Rates and Duties, and Sums of Money, now due and payable to His Majesty, or to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever for the same) the several and respective Rates, Impositions, Duties, Charges, and Sums of Money herein after expressed, in Manner and Form following (that is to lay)

II. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which any Grants or Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Exemplifications of the same, shall be ingrafted or written (Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted) the Sum of forty Shillings.

III. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, on which any Pardon (except the General Circuits, and Newgate, Pardon) of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Sum of Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or on which any Warrant of Reprieve, or Relaxation from any Fines, Corporal Punishments, or other Forfeiture, shall be ingrafted or written, the Sum of forty Shillings.

IV. For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Grant from His Majesty^ His Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding one hundred Pounds, which shall pass the Great Seal, or Privy Seal (not directed to the Great Seal) shall be ingrafted or written, the Sum of forty Shillings.

V For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or for every Sheet of Paper, upon which any Grant of any Office or Employment, which shall be above the Value of fifty Pounds per Annum, shall he written or ingrafted', the Sum of forty Shillings.

VI. For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, on which any Grant of Lands in Fee, Lease for Yrcar?, or other Grant of Profit, not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Great Seal of England, the Seal of the Exchequer, the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Privy Seal (not directed to the Great Seal) hall be ingrafted or written, the Sum of forty Shillings.

VII. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Presentation or Donation which hall pass the Great Seal of England, or upon which any Collation to be made by any Archbishop, or other Bishop, or any prefer.tation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, shall be ingrafted or written, the Sum of forty Shillings; Provided such Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion be of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or above in the King's Books.

VIII. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Maher of the Faculties for the time being, shall be ingrafted or written, the Sum of forty Shillings.

IX. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Admittance of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Prodtor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers in any Court whatsoever, hall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings.

X Provided, That this advshall not be extended to charge, with the Duty last mentioned, any annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of ten Pounds per Annum, in Salaries, Sees, or other Perquisites, but the said annual Officer is hereby exempted and discharged from the said Duty.

XI. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty, Arches, or the Prerogative Courts of Canterbury or Tori:, hall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of forty. Shillings.

C 25. 705

XII. For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, Exemplification, that shall pals the Seal of any Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. 5 s'

XIII. For every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Decree or Dil'mif Decree m Cim. Son, made by or in the Court of Chancery, Exchequer, Court of the County Palatine or Duchy of Lan 'er'a'1' cashr, Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham, or other Court of Equity whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence.

XIV. For every Skin orpiece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Institution inditution or

or Licence that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or any Dxencs under Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. Bjflupj: Sea],

XV. For every Skin orpiece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon, which any Writ __ of wii/of Error

Error, Certiorari, or Appeal (except to the Delegates) shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five certiorari, C Shillings. - ji.

XVI. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Significavit Significavit,

pro Corporis dcliberatione shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings. 5 s

XVII. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Sentence in the Sentence that shall be given in the Court of the Lord High Admiral of England, or the Cinque Ports exer Admiralty, C cifing Admiralty Jurisdiction, or upon any Attachment that shall be made out of any of the said Courts of 5 i' Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings.

XVIII. 'For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Letters of.mart,

Letters of Mart shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of five Shillings., 5S'

XIX. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Probate of Probates of

a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate above the Value of twenty Pounds, shall be ingrossed y^111."' aitmmi or written, the Sum of five Shillings. _ _. 5

XX. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Re Recognisance,

cognizance, Statute Staple, or Statute Merchant, shall be ingrossed or written, or entered of Record in any Statute Staple, Court or Office, the Sum of five Shillings. 5

XXI. For any Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any record of Nift prius or Pojiea Nifipn usor

shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence. roftea, a s. 6d.

XXII. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or Judgement, as written any Judgement whatsoever, which shall he signed by the Matter of any Office, or his Deputy or 0 d' Secondary, or by any Prothonotary or his Secondary, Deputy or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to

any of the Courts at Westminster, who have Power, or usually doth or shall flgn Judgments, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence.

XXIII. lor every Skin orpiece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any com 'ea iefiafilcal

million ifilling out of any Ecclesiastical Court, not herein otherwise particularly charged, shall be ingrossed commission, or written, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence. ss'

XXIV. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Warrant, Admiralty or

Monition, or personal Decree, in any Court of Admiralty, or the Cinque Ports, shall be ingrossed cr writ ffr, lic l'orif! ten, or upon which any beneficial Warrant or Order under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or ^//^veneg successors (except Warrants or Orders for the Service of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance) shall be in cil Warrant, grossed or written, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence. < t. s. 6d.

XXV. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any Special Bail to be taken in Special Bail or any of the Courts at Westtnivfler, or before any of the Judges of the said Courts, or in any other Court Appearance, is. whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, and for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Appearance upon such Special Bail, the Sum of one Shilling.

XXVI. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Bill, Answer, Bill, Answer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions taken by Commission, or any other Replication, C Pleadings whatsoever, in the Courts of Chancery', Exchequer, Duchy Court, and County Palatine Courts, s

or other Courts of Equity, the Sum of one Shilling.

XXVII. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon Admission, & C which any Admission into any Corporation or Company, or any Matriculation in either of the two Uni is. verfities, or any Admission into any of the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of one Shilling.

XXVIII For every Piece of Parchment or Paper, upon which any Affidavit shall be ingrossed or writ Affidavit, 6d, ten (except Affidavits taken pursuant to several Acts made in the thirtieth and two and thirtieth Years of Exception, the Reign of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woollen; and except such Affidavits as shall be

taken before the Officers of the Customs, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any of appointed or to be appointed by any Act of Parliament for the assessing and levying any Aids or Duties granted or to be granted to His Majesty, His Heirs or successors, and which Affidavits shall be taken by the said Officers of the Customs, Justices or Commissioners, by virtue of their Authority as Justices of the Peace or Commissioners respectively, and not otherwise) the Sum of sixpence.

XXIX. For every Piece of Parchment or Paper, upon which any Copy of such Affidavit, as is herein Copy of affida before charged, that shall be filed or read in any Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum vitfije<i, &£. 6d. of sixpence.

XXX. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which shall be writ Indenture, Lease,

ten or ingrossed any Indenture, Lease, or Deed Poll, not hereby otherwise charged, the Sum of sixpence; fc e J except Indentures for binding poor Parish Children Apprentices. xception.

XXXI. For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Original Writ, Original Writ, (except such Original on which a Writ of Capias issues) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex, Latitat, Writ ofica Subpcna, C

X

piasy

6 d.

Entry of Action 5n mayor's Court, Sec. 6 d.

Common Bail or Appearance, 6 d.

Rule of Court, «, 6 di

Copy, 6 d,

ecclesiastical Monition, Libel, Sec, 6 d.

Copy, C 6d,

Charter Party, Policy of afiu rance. See. 6 d.

Declaration, Plea, C 1 d.

Copy, I d.

Depositions in Chancery, &c.

I d.

Exceptions,

Copy of Will,

1 d.

Officer to date Writ of Arrest 5 and enter the lame.

Penalty on Officer neg.lecting,

' By 6 Geo. 1. r. ZI. 54-

Warrants on Writs are to shave the same Year and Day set down as on the Writ. Particulars not to be charged, '

C 25. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

sins, Minus, Writ ofdedimus Potejlntem to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that shall issue out of or pass the Seals of any the Courts at tvejhnhifler, Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever, holding Plea where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value, ball be ingrossed or written, (Writs of Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for suffering Common Recoveries, and Writs of Habeas Corpus always excepted) the Sum of sixpence.

XXXII. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any Entry of any action in the mayor's and Sheriffs Courts of London, and in Courts in all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Writs, Process or Mandates issue, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above, hall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence.

XXXIII For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any Common Bail to be filed in any Court whatsoever, and upon which any Appearance that shall be made upon such Bail shall be ingrafted or written, the Sum of sixpence: Which Appearance or common Bail the Defendant shall cause to be entered or filed within eight Days after the Day upon which the Process on which the Defendant is arrested shall be returnable, upon Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Plaintiff, for which the Court fh.nl 1 immediately award Judgement, whereupon the Plaintiff may take out Execution.

XXXIV. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any Rule or Order made or j*iven in any the Courts at Westminster, either Courts at Law or Equity, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence.

XXXV. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any Copy of such Rules or Orders entered, or the Copies of any other Records or Proceedings in any of the said Courts at Westminster, not hereby otherwise charged, 'shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence.

XXXVI. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which shall be in

frolled or written any Citation or Monition made in any Ecclesiastical Court, or any Libel or Allegation, )eposition, Answer, Sentence or final Decree, or any Inventory exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or whereupon any Copies of them respectively shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence.

XXXVII For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Charter Party, Policy of Assurance, Pasport, Bond, Refeafe, Contract or other Obligatory Instrument, or any Protest, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, or any other Notarial ACT whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence.

XXXVIII For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer or other Pleadings whatsoever, in any Court of Law, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of one Penny.

XXXIX. And for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Copy thereof shall be written or ingrossed, the Sum of one Penny.

XL For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Depositions taken in the Court of Chancery, or other Court of Equity (except the Paper Draughts of Depositions, taken by virtue of any Commission, before they are ingrossed) which are not herein before charged, or upon which any Copy of any Bill, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions or other Proceedings whatsoever, in any Court of Equity, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of one Penny.

XLI For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which a Copy of any Will shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of one Penny.

XLII. And for preventing Abuses committed by arresting Persons without any Writ or legal Process to justify the same, by Means whereof the Duty hereby given for ever to the Crown upon such Process will be lost; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, every Officer or Clerk belonging, or which shall hereafter belong, to the Court of Kings Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, who shall lign any Writ or Process before Judgement, to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall, at the Signing thereof, set down upon such Writ or Process, the Day and Year of his signing the same, which shall be entered upon the Remembrance, or in the Book where the abstract of such Writ or Process shall be entered; upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every Offence or netject of such Officer or Clerk aforesaid, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same, in any Court of Record of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, Protection or eftoin, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLIII. Provided always, That this Act or anything therein contained shall not extend to charge with the said Duties, or any of them, any Bills of Exchange, Accounts, Bills of Parcel, Bills of Fees, or any Bills or Notes (not sealed) for Payment of any Money at Sight, or upon Demand, or at the End of certain Days of Payment.

XLIV. Provided, That nothing in this ACT contained shall extend to charge with the said Duties, or any of them, the Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration, of any common Seaman or Soldier, who shall be fiain or die in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, a Certificate being produced from the Captain of the Ship or Vessel, or Captain of the Troop or Company, under whom such Seamen or Soldier served at the Time of his Death, and Oath made of the Truth thereof, before the proper Judge or Officer, by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted; which Oath such Judge or Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and for which no See or Reward shall be taken.

C 25. 707

XLV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Clause therein contained, shall not be construed to charge

r Ju It ices of the Peace,

3 of any Court Mar

with any Duty, any Warrant made by, or Recognisance taken before, any justice or any Surrender of any Copyhold Dilate, or Copies of i'uch Eftaie, or any Procccdi tial, which relate to any Trial of any common Soldier; or any Orders, Decrees or Proceedings before any Commissioners of Sewers, or in the Court of Stannaries; but such Warrants, Recognizances, Surrenders, Copies', Orders, Decrees and Proceedings, shall and are hereby declared to be exempted from the Payment of any of the Duties before mentioned in this Act.

XLVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers at Sea shall by this Act pay the same Duty for their Stamps that the Officers of the Army at Land pay by this Act, and no more upon the same Act only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

II. And it is hereby declared, That all the Duties by this Act granted to Mis Majesty, His Heirs and successors, shall nevertheless be subject and liable to such Condition and Power of Redemption by Parliament, as by any Act of this Session is or shall be declared and provided.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting and paying unto Mis Majesty, His Heirs and successors, the several and respective Duties hereby granted for or upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, Plis Heirs and successors, and to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer of England for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, to be Commissioners, or ()fficers for the stamping and marking of Parchment, Vellum and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, pursuant to this Act; and that the Commissioners so to be appointed, shall keep their Head Office in forne convenient Place within the Cities of London or Westmbjhr; and such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint such other inferior Officers for the marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or for the better collecting or levying the Duties hereby granted to His ma iefty, His Heirs and successors, as they in their Discretion shall think fit; and the same Commissioners mail provide from time to time Marks or Stamps proper for the marking and stamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, according to which Marks or Stamps the King's Duties ought to be paid.

XLIX. And whereas such or the like Duties as are by.this Act charged for ever upon the several Skins, Sheets or Pieces of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, herein before enumerated or mentioned, are also charged upon and payable for the same respectively, until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, by several former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; so that in Effect the Duties (as to Skins, Sheets or Pieces of Vellum, Parchment and Paper in this Act before particularly expressed) are doubled until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, but the Paid Duties by the £ said former Acts, and those by this thereupon, are appropriated or applicable to different Purposes, so that it is necessary to have distinct Accounts kept of the same Now for the better securing His Majestty's Dues, and for distinguishing of such Skins, Sheets or Pieces of Vellum, Parchment and Paper as are doubly charged as aforesaid, from those which remain liable only to the single Duties on the said former Acts; and to the Intent that the said Duties arising upon this and the said former Acts, upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, may be issued and applied to the respective Uses to which they are severally appropriated or intended; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, herein before charged, and whereof the Duties are hereby intended to be doubled for a Time, as aforesaid, shall, before any of the Matters or Things herein before mentioned to be thereupon ingrested or written (such Writing or Ingrossing being after the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six) be first brought to the Head Office for the said Duties, to be stamped and marked with two Marks or Impressions (that is to say) Every such Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, having one Mark or Stamp set thereupon, pursuant to the said former Acts, or any of them, before the writing or ingrossing any of the Matters or Things as aforesaid thereupon, shall be brought to the said Office, to be stamped with a Second Mark or Impression of the same Kind; and every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, having not been stamped or marked with a single Stamp or Mark, pursuant to the said former Acts, or any of them, shall, before the writing or ingrossing any of the Matters or Things as aforesaid thereupon, till the said first Day of Augijl one thousand seven hundred and six, he brought to the said Office, to receive two several Marks or Impressions of the same Kind; of all which double Marks or Impressions the one shall denote the Duty by the said former Acts, or same of them, and the other the Duty by this present Act thereupon: Except such Skins, Sheets, or Pieces of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which do still remain liable only to the single Duties on the said former Acts, during the Terms thereby granted, and are to have only a single Mark or Stamp, according to the Directions of the said former Acts, namely,

L Every Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any General Circuit or Newgate Pardon shall be ingrossed or written, liable only to the single Duty of forty Shillings by the said former Acts.

LI Every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet, or Piece of Paper, upon which any re gifter, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate of any Degree, taken in either of the two Universities, or four inns of Court, shall be ingrossed or written (the Register or Entry of the Degree of any Bachelor of Arts being always excepted) for which Skins, Pieces, or Sheets respectively, a Duty of forty Shillings is payable by the said former Acts only, during the Continuance thereof.

LII Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record whatsoever, or by any custot pmulorttm, or

4x2 Clerk

Sea Officers u p.iy the lrr.e Doty a Land Officers,

Duties redeem aide by I'arlia J meat.

Commissioners to be appointed, C

Head Office to be kept in London or yveft minster.

Inferior Officers

5 & 6 W. & Mi C 21.

8 & 9W. 3,

C 20. §. 12.

After 1 August 169s, every Skin of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, See. to be damped with two Marks.

Vellum, C once stamped, to be stamped with a Second Mark.

Except such as are liable only to single Duty,

Circuit or Newgate Pardon.

Certificate of Degree in the Universities. Except Bachelor of Arts,

Conveyance or Surrender of Grants or Offices, C

Marriage Licence.

Writ of Covenant.

Writ of Entry Xiabeas Corpus

All Vellum,

See. before written shall be damped, C

Commissioners required to stamp all Vel ivfn, See. paying the Duties

Stamp a discharge for Payment,

Penalty on Person ingrossing Vc urn before stamped. See.

or marked with a lower Duty,

Penalty on Officer in any public Office guilty of such fraud

Penalty on Attorney.

Penalty on any other Person

No such Record, Deed,

Sic. good in Law, until Duty and Penalty be paid,

and Deed damped, See.

C 25. Anno nono & decitno Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

Cleric of the Peace, shall be ingossed or written, whereof the Duty payable, as aforesaid, by the said former Adds, is five Shillings.

LIII Every Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Licence for, or Certificate of Marriage, shall be ingossed or written, which are to be liable only to a Duty of five Shillings by the said former Adds.

LIV Every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Covenant for levying of Fines shall he ingossed or written, whereof the Duty remaining upon the said former Adds is five Shillings.

LV Every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Entry, for suffering a Common Recovery, shall be ingossed or written, which is subject to the like Angle Duty of five Shillings.

LVI Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which any Writ of Habeas Corpus shall be ingossed or written, which is also liable to the single Duty of five Shillings.

LVII All which Matters and Things, so liable only to the said single Duties, until the said firfd Day of lugufi one thousand seven hundred and six, hall be marked and damped only with a single Mark or Stamp, according to the said former Acds; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, herein before charged, shall before any of the Matters or Things herein before mentioned be thereupon ingossed or written (such Writing or Ingrossing being after the said Day of July one thousand seven hundred and six) be first brought to the Head Office for the said Duties to be (damped and marked with one Mark or Impression for the respective Duties by this Add payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Chief Commissioners for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or Persons, from time to time, to damp or mark, as this Act diredds, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, he or they paying to such Officer or Officers, as shall be appointed in that Behalf, the respective Duties payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors for the same, without any other See or Reward, and without Delay; which Stamp or Mark shall be a sufficient Discharge for the several and respective Duties by this Add payable for the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall be o damped or marked; and if any Person or Persons hall ingross or write, or cause to be ingossed or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper ought to have a double or single Stamp or Mark, as aforesaid, before such Time as the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall be marked or damped with such double or single Mark or Stamp (as the Case requires) or upon which there shall not be some double or single Marks or Stamps (as the Case shall require) resembling the same, or shall ingross or write, of cause to be ingossed or written, any Matter or Thing, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shall be marked or damped for any lower Duty or Duties, than the Duty or Duties by this and the said former Adds, or either of them, payable for what shall be foin gross ed or written; such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds (besides Cofds of Suit) one Moiety of which Penalty of ten Pounds shall be to the King, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that will inform or fuefor the same, in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Proteddion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And in case any Clerk, Officer, or Person, who in respedd of any public Office or Employment is or shall be intituled or intruded to make, ingross, or write any Records, Deeds, Instruments, or Writings, charged to pay a Duty or Duties, as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Fraud or Praddice to deceive His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any Duty by this or any of the said former Adds payable, by making, ingrossing, or writing any such record, Deed, Instrument, or Wilting, or causing the same to be made, ingossed, or written, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or damped according to this Add, or upon which there shall not be some Stamp or Stamps resembling the same, or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked or damped with any Mark or Stamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by ingrossing or writing any such Deed, Instrument or other Writing, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shall be marked or damped for a lower Duty, as aforesaid; then every such Clerk, Officer, or Person, so guilty of any such Fraud or Praddice, and being thereof lawfully convicted shall (over and above the Penalty aforesaid) forfeit his Office, Place, 'or Employment reflectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court whatsoever, shall be guilty of any, such Fraud or Praddice, as aforesaid, and be convidded thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to praddife as an. Attorney: And if any Deed, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, by this Add intended to be (damped, as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, be written or ingossed by any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being a known Clerk or Officer, who in respedd of any public Office or Employment is or shall be intituled to the making, writing, or ingrossing the same) upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or damped, or not doubly (damped (as the Case may require) according to this Add, or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked or damped fora lower Duty, as aforesaid; then and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered, and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors (over and above the Duty aforesaid) for every such Deed, Instrument, or Writing, the Sum of ten Pounds; and that no such Record, Deed, Instrument, 'or Writing, shall lie pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, until as well the said Duty, as the find Sum o( ten Pounds, shall be firfd paid to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the same, under the Hand or Hands of some of the Officers which shall be appointed to receive the Duties abovementioned, and until the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be written or made, shall be marked or damped with a lawful Mark or Stamp, or with double Marks or Stamps, according to this Add; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said

Duty,

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III C 25. 709

Duty, and the Sum of ten Pounds unto him or them, to gie a Receipt for the same, and to mark or lamp,

or double mark or (lamp, the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that hall he

proper for such Deed, Instrument, or Writing respectively. And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, Pclfon CC L nltr.

at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Mark f "ing Stamp,

which shall be provided, made, or used in pursuance of this Add, or hall counterfeit or resemble the Im sony r

pression of the same, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, thereby to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs Explained by

or successors, of any the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or shall utter, vend, or sell any 6 Geo. i. cm.

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with such counterfeit Mark or Marks thereupon, knowing such Mark §6o

or Marks to be counterfeit; then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form

of Law, shall be judged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without the Benefit of

Clergy.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Duties on corommonrrs Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, from time to time, shall and may appoint a fit Person to attend in any Court or Office, to take Notice of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any the Matters or tend intnv'2'Things aforesaid shall be inprofled, written, or put, and of the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and of all Court or dffi: 2 other Hatters and Things tending to secure the said Duties; and that the Judges in the several Courts, and to take Kotice such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request or Requests of such Commissioners, or of any two the Stamps, or more of them, shall make such Orders in the respective Courts, and do such other Matters and Things, for the better securing the said Duties under their Charge, as shall be lawfully and reasonably deiired in that J e'u'Behalf; and that every Person who shall he commissionated, as aforesaid, and every Person to be employed Commissionei f by or under them, for the marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as aforesaid, before his ard Officers to adding in the marking or damping of the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, hall take the Oath following; take the folio, V that is to say, Dg ah'

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to the Act of Parliament for the further or additional Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, without Fraud or Concealment, and hall from time to time true Account make of my Doings, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs or successors, shall appoint to receive such Account, and hall take no Fee, Reward or Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business relating thereunto, from any Persons, other than such as shall be paid or allowed by His Majesty. His Heirs or successors, or by the Commissioners of Kis majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being.'

LXI Which Oath shall and maybe administered to such Commissioner or Commissioners, by any three Oath fovrto&& or more of the same Commissioners, which hail be appointed as aforesaid; any of the said Commissionadminfibed, ners shall and may administer the like Oath (mutatis mutandis) to such Sub of, or other Persons, which shall be employed under them in the said Business of marking or damping.

LXII. And be it enacted, That the Chief Commissioners or Officers so to be appointed, and all Sub Commissioners. and Officers to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, in relation to the said c° °jjtive

Duties on Parchment, Vellum and Paper, hall from time to time, in and for the better Execution of their Treasury S

several Places and Trusts, observe and perform such Rules, Methods and Orders as they respectively shall, '

from time to time receive from the said Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or from the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them; and that the Chief Commissioners so to be appointed, shall take especial Care, that the several Parts of this Kingdom, and the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tivecd, hall from time and fui nisi the to time he sufficiently furnished with Vellum, Parchment and Paper, damped and marked as aforesaid, so several Parts of as the Subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, may have it 'in their Eleddion to buy the same of 'h Kingdom the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissions, at the usual or mould common Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be damped, as aforesaid, or to furnish 1 unl' c' themselves or others that shall have done the same.

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That none of the Rates, Impositions, or Person firing in Sums of Money, upon Velium, Parchment or Paper, before in this Add expressed, shall be raised, levied, forma pauperis, colledded or paid or payable unto His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by virtue of this Add, by any Pernot to dutj' Son or Persons that shall be admitted to foe or defend in forma pauperis.

LXIV. And to the end His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, may not be defrauded of any of the said All Records, Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper; be it enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings or other writs>.&c t01)7 Proceedings in Courts of Law and Equity, and all Deeds, Instruments and Writings whatsoever, hereby as

charged, hall be ingossed and written in such Manner as they have been usually accustomed to be written "' and are now written.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as His Majesty, His Heirs or Succef in case the fors, shall think fit to alter or renew the said Marks or Stamps, or any of the in, it shall be lawful for all Stamp? beaker persons who shall at that Time have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, pir, on*5a' marked with the Stamp or Stamps, which shall be so altered or renewed, and upon which none of the vcilujn^&c by Matters or Things hereby charged shall be ingossed or written, at any Time within the Space of fbety that m not in' days after such Intention of renewing or altering shall be published by Proclamation, to bring or send such giofled, in o Vellum, Parchment or Paper, unto the said Commissioners, to the Head Office in London or Westminster, Bays after pro or to such other Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf; and the said Commissioners and Officers re speddively, are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, unto the several Persons who shall so tctthehcad of bring and deliver any Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment See in London,

Or and comrolhioa

C 26.

Anno nono Sc decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 16g8.

ners to deliver them the like Quantity new damped, C without Fee. Penalty,

declared useless. Matters in pro fled thereon to be of no Esse.

Com miflio nets Salaries, See. and incident

or Paper, and as good in Quality, stamped with such new Stamp or Stamps, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly for the same any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever, under the Penalty of Forfeiture for every Offence one hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and divided in such Manner as the other Penalties in this Act, relating to the Duties of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, arc, directed to be sued for, recovered and divided: And in case any Person hall neglect or refuse within the

srampcdveiium, Time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought unto the said Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid, any withitthetime ^uc'1 Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the same is hereby declared to be of no other Effect or Use, than if it ln le lme had never been stamped; that all Matters or Things which hall after that Time be ingossed or written thereon, shall be of no other Effect, than if they had been ingrossed or written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped at all; and all Persons who hall ingross or write any the Matters or Things hereby charged on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper after the said Time, hall forfeit and suffer as herein before is enacted for Persons writing or ingrossing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked or stamped.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His uu u.uu.k Heirs and Successors, or to or for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or charges^to be the Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, out of the Duties arising by this at, for or upon stamp

p. Tid out of the ed Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from

Duties. time to time, for Salaries and other incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying or managing of the same Duties by this Act granted; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proclamation

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as His Majesty, His Heirs or suc for altering the cefl ors, shall think fit to alter the said Stamps or any of them, that the Proclamation, which is hereby in fennw the' tended to be made for giving to all Persons due Notice thereof, shall within twenty Days after the Date Mayor, cof thereof, be sent to the Mayor, Chief Magistrate or other Head Officer of every City, Corporation, Borough and Market Town, throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of bsr twvd upon Tweed; which Officers respectively shall cause the same to be published to the Inhabitants of such City, Corporation or Town, either on the next Market Day, or next Sunday in the Church immediately after the Time of Divine Service, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be sued for by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, nor more than one Imparlance, hall be granted or allowed; the one Moiety of which Forfeiture to be to His Majesty, the other Moiety to such Person who hall fuc for the same.

LXVIII. And for the better Distribution of the said Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and that the sub phceson tap. je<^s may have the same with more Conveniency and at an easy Rate; Be it enacted by the Authority afore ed Vellum, C said, That the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, hall once in every Year, at least, set the Prices of all Sorts of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, that it shall be sold at; and that the said Commissioners for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parch the Price to be merit, and Paper, shall stamp the said Price so set, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or stamped thereon. Sheet or Piece of Paper, so by them to be sold; and that the said Commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every Person who hall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be stamped (the Duty whereof shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards) after the Rate of six Pounds in the Hundred Pounds per Annum for three Months, upon present Payment of the said Duty upon the said Vellum, Parchment and Paper, so by them brought, over and above the like Allowance upon the same Quantity by the said former Acts; and that any Persons that shall buy of the said Commissioners or their Agents, Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the Duty whereof amounts to the like Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, hall have the same Allowance.

LXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge any Letters Patents for collecting charitable Benevolence, commonly crdled Biiefs, with the Duty therein mentioned, or to Charged with make it necessary that such Briefs should be doubly stamped; thing herein contained to the contrary in Annuities by wise notwithstanding.

Geo. 2. c. 9. J

Farther Provisions concerning Stamp Dulles, I Ann. fiat, 1. C 13. 1 Ann. fiat, 2. C 22. 4 & $ Ann. c. 12. 5 Ann. C 19.9 Ann. e. II & 23. 10 Ann,

c. 19 26. 12 ann.fiat. ic. 2. 12 Ann. fiat. 2. C 9. 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. fed. 48. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4 & 21. 11 Geo. 1. c. 8, [j2 Geo. I, C 33.9 Geo. 2. c. 32#

*26 Geo. 2. c. 26, 29 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 13. 30 Geo. .3. C 19. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 35.

every Corporation, Sec. who shall cause the same to be published, C sunder Penalty,

Allowance on prompt Payment,

Briefs not charged

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to settle the Trade to Africa.

WHEREAS the Trade to Africa is highly Beneficial and Advantageous to this Kingdom, and to the Plantations and Colonies thereunto belonging: And whereas Forts and Cattles are undoubt edly necessary for the Preservation and well carrying on the said Trade: And whereas the Forts and Ca ' ftles now on the said Coast of Africa have been, and now are, maintained at the sole Cost and Charge of the present Royal African Company of England; towards which Charge it is most reasonable that all Per

trading to such Parts of the said Coast of Africa, as are herein after limited and appointed, should

*' Be it therefore enacted, C

EXP* "Royal African Company shall maintain, lac. all their Forts, Castles, C and supply the same with

Men, Artillery, C King's Subjects as well as the said Company may trade to Africa, between Cape "Mount and the Cape of Good Hope, paying 10l. percent. Sic. Master, £sy. shall enter his Name and Ship, CV 15 Days before cleared from Port. Owner or Exporter to make Entry of Goods hipped on

"Oath,

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III C 27. 711

"Oath, sign the Entry, and pay the Duty, &c. Master, &c. to take an Oath. On Exportation of Mer " from the Colonies, &c. in America to Africa, Exporter to swear that such Merchandise was "imported therefrom England. Master and one of the Owners to give Bond, &c. for Ships sailing to "Africa, See. Officers of the Customhouse to take such Bonds, and keep distinct Entries, &c. Company to have a Duplicate of such Entries, &c. Officer to pay the Sum received deducing 5 I. percent.

"Subjects of England may trade to Africa between Cape Blanche and Cape Mount, paying 10l. percent, for "Goods exported, and 10l. percent, on all Goods, &c. imported into England or America, from Africa, Sic.

"Master and Traders, &c. to make the like Entry and Oath, and give Bond as aforesaid, &c. Matter la e ding Ship between Cape Blanche and Cape Mount, before landing shall deliver a Particular of his Cargo on

"Oath. Goods imported from Africa into England or America trail be entered on Oath, &c. and pay the "Duty. Collector, &c. to take the Entries, and deduct 5l. percent. Except Duties arising by the Ex "and Imports of the Royal African Company. Company to give an Account yearly to the Cursitor "Baron of the Exchequer of Moneys received, &c. Goods landed before Entry forfeited. Ships sailing "to Africa, C and not duly entered, forfeited. Subjects of England trading to Africa, C to have the "same Protection, &c. as the Company, and may settle Factories there, whithout Molestation of the "Company. Goods exported to Africa and brought back again, may be re exported without Duty, &c.

"Duties appropriated for maintaining the Forts and Cattles in Africa, C Account of the Duties and'

"Disbursements, &c. to be kept in a Book, and be viewed at the African House in London. Account to be - "made up yearly at Michaelmas. No Duty to be paid for Gold or Silver imported from Africa. This Act "not to hinder Persons from trading to Barbary.,

XIX. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, amongst other Things it was enacted, That no other Copper, ' than what is made of English Ore only, should be exported; which proving very prejudicial to the Trade of England, by enabling Foreigners to export Copper much cheaper than it can be carried from England Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Subjects to export from England all such Copper Bars as have or shall be imported into England from Foreign Parts, and upon Exportation hall draw back all Duties, or vacate the Securities; saving the Half of the old Subsidy, as is usual in other Commodities.

"No Governor, &c. of any Plantation in America shall be a Factor, &c.

"Years."

Copper Bars my be exported. C Continued by J Geo. 2. c. 35* for 14 Years Drawback on Exportation.

12 Ann. C 1?.

13 Geo. ic. 27.

Penalty. act to continue 13 exp.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision of Interest for the Transport Debt, for reducing of Ireland.

WHEREAS towards paying the Interest of the Transport Debt for reducing of Ireland, an act's&'g w.3. c. 15. was made in the Session held in the eighth and ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An act' Traders in Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision for Payment of the Interef of the Transport e^aa, ufac. ' Debt for the reducing of Ireland; by which several Impositions were laid upon several Plawkers, Pedlars turt^c/not to and Petty Chapmen therein mentioned; which said act, and the Impositions therein, were to have Con be deemed tinuance only to the four and twentieth of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight; 'We Your Ma ha takers, C jesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being willing that a further Pro within this Act vision be made for the Interest of the said Transiaort Debt, do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of These Duties the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au are made part thority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred of the aggre ninety eight, until the four and twentieth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thou^by ^, saud even hundred and one, there shall be answered and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by pr 24 June' every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other trading Person or Persons, going from Town to, gg8; till 24 Town, or to other Mens Houses, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse, Horses or otherwise, June 1701, every within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of tv.ales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except as herein Hawker, Pedlar, after is excepted) carrying to sell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, a Duty of four Pounds for each Year and that every Person so travelling with a Horse, Ass or Mule, or other Beast And travelling bearing or drawing Burden, hall pay the Sum of four Pounds for each Year he or she shall so travel with, with a Horse, over and above the said first mentioned Duty of, four Pounds. Mule, C 4l.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Pedlar, Hawker, Petty Chapman, and more per Ann, other trading Person or Persons so travelling as aforesaid, upon receiving his or her Licence, as is hereafter. expressed, shall pay or cause to be paid unto such Persons as the Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any three of them, shall nominate, authorise, and ap one Moiety of point to be Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, not exceeding three, or the Duty to be any Person or Persons authorised or deputed by them, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their paid on receiv ilands and Seals, one moiety of the Duty by this act payable for the same, and give Security by Bond, "dditothk with one or more sufficient Sureties, to be taken in His Majesty's Name, for the true payment of the other t)ieend of Moiety of the said Duties at the End of six Calendar Months, unless the Party shall choose to pay down six Months, the other Moiety of the said Duty, in which Case he or she shall be allowed after the Rate of two Shil as. in the Pound

lings in the Pound for prompt Payment of the same, and thereupon a Licence shall be granted for him or allowed r b 11.*her ptompt Pay.

menti

C

27.

Anno nono & decimo Gultelmi III A.D. 1698.

Penalty on Hawkers, C trading without Licence,

or refusing to pvoduce the same.

Commissioners to sign Licences to Hawker, C

Fees for LI cences.

A dlftin£l Account to be kept of the Duties, and paid weekly into the Exchequer.

Penalty on Officer neglecting. Moneys how to be applied.

Penalty on person forging or counterfeiting Licence.

Per Tonnes sued may plead the General Issue, C

Treble Costs.'

Penalty on con fiable, See, refusing to aftift in the Execution of this Act.

Hawker, C may be detained till he produce Licence, and if he trade without Licence, Justice to cause the Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of Goods,

CHER

so to travel or trade, by the said Commissioners to be appointed pursuant to this al, or any two or more of them.

III. aodbe.it further enabled, That if any such Hawker, Pedlar, or 'Petty Chapman, from and after, the said four and twentieth of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, be found trading as aforesaid, without or contrary to such Licence, such Person shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twelve Pounds, the one, Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offender shall be discovered; and that if any Person so trading, upon demand made by any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Constable, or other Officer of the Peace of any Town Corporate or Borough, where lie or she shall so trade, shall refuse to produce and show unto such Justice of Peace, Mayor, Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, his or her Licence for so trading, to be granted as aforesaid, that then the Person so refusing shall forfeit five Pounds to be paid to the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Demand shall be made, to the Use of the Poor of the same, and for Nonpayment thereof, shall fuller.as a common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction.

IV. iand. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of to be appointed pursuant to this Act, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby directed, appointed, and required, upon the Terms aforesaid, and upon the Receipt and Security given, as aforesaid, to grant a Licence, to be by them subscribed, to every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other trading Person for him or herself, or for him or herself with one or more Horses, Asses, or Mules, or other Beast, which he or she shall travel with, as the Case shall require, for which Licence there shall be taken only one Shilling, unless such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, shall travel with Horse, Ass, or Mule, or other beast of Burden, and in that Case there shall be paid for such Licence only two Shillings, over and above the Duties aforesaid, and no mote; and that the said Commissioners to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Duties granted by this Act, and pay the Money arising thereby into His Majesty's Exchequer., upon Wednesday in every Week, unless a Holiday, and if it be a Holiday, then on the Day next after that is not a Holiday; and upon Neglect or Refusal of the same, shall incur the Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, as other the Officers of the Exchequer herein after mentioned shall be liable unto; which Money, so paid in, shall be applied to the Uses herein after mentioned by this Act; that is to say, to pay Interest for the said Transport Debt, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one whole Year and so proportionally for any greater or lester Sum.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences, or travel with such forged or counterfeited Licences for the Purposes aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the King, the other Moiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and shall be subject to such other Pains and Penalties as may be inflicted on Persons for Forgery.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, mokfted, or troubled, for putting in Execution any the Powers contained in this Act, or for doing any Matter or Thing pursuant thereunto, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, Not Guilty, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or Judgement be given against him or them upon Demurrer, or a Verdict pass for the Defendant, such defendant.shall have his or their treble Costs, to be recovered in such Manner as where by Law Costs are given to Defendants.

VII. And be it further enacted the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, Headborough or other Officer or Officers aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect, upon due Notice, or on their own View, to be aiding and abiding in the Execution of this Act, being thereunto required, and each and every such Officer or Officers being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, hall forfeit for eaefi and every such Offence, contrary to this Act, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace; the one Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, the other Moiety to the Informer who shall prosecute for the same, rendering the Overplus thereof to the Owner, if any be.

VIII. And it is. further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to seize and detain any such Hawker, Pediar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person or Persons, as aforesaid, till such Time as he, she, or they shall produce a Licence in that Behalf, if he, she, or they have any, or if he, she, or they shall be found trading without a Licence, contrary to this Act, for such reasonable Time as he, she, or they may give Notice to the Constable, Headborough, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or some other Parish Officer or Officers, who are hereby required to carry such Person so seized before some of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and strictly required, either upon Confession of the Party offending, or due Proof by Witness upon Oath (which he is hereby empowered to administer) that the Person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and that no such Licence shall be produced by such Offender before the said justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Sum of twelve Pounds to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after true Deduction of the reasonable Charge for taking the said Distress, and out of the said Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid. 3'.

C 28.

- T ->

/ 1 J

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, hall not extend to prohibit any Persons from selling of any Adds of Parliament, Forms of Prayer, Proclamations, Gazettes, licensed Almanacs, or other printed Papers licensed by Authority, or any Fish, Fruits, or Victuals; nor to hinder any Person or Persons, who are the real Workers or Makers of any Goods or Wares within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of bervack upon Tweed, or his, her, or their Children, Apprentices, Agents, or Servants, to such real Workers or Makers of such Goods or Wares only, from carrying abroad, exposing to Sale, or selling any of the said Goods and Wares of his, her, or their own making, in any public Mart, Fairs, Markets, or elsewhere; nor any Tinkers, Coopers, Glaziers, Plummers, hamel's menders, or other Persons usually trading in mending Kettles, Tubs, Houshold Goods, or Harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying with him or them proper Materials for mending the same.

X Provided also, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in His Majesty's Exchequer, that is to say, in the Office of the Auditor of Receipts, one Book or re gifter, in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall be entered, registered, and kept apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to His Majesty, or upon any other Branch of His Majesty's Revenue, or upon any other Account whatsoever.

XL Provided, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer in the Exchequer hall divertor misapply any of the Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act, to any other Uses or Purposes than are hereby directed, then such Officer so offending hall forfeit his Office in the Exchequer, and be.incapable of any Office or Place of Trust, and shall he liable to pay the Treble Value of any Sum or Sums of Money so diverted or misapplied to any of the Persons thereby grieved, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who will sue for the same by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in i ny of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, pro testion, Wager of Law, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, or more than one Imparlance, ball be granted or allowed; and all Orders and Warrants for issuing, paying, '.or disposing any of the Moneys to be raiseu by virtue of this Act, contrary to the true. Intent and Meaning thereof, shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever( ( -.

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted'. That Nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder any Person or Persons from selling or exposing to Sale any Sorts of Goods or Merchandizes, in any public Mart, Market, or Fair within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, but that such Person or Persons may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall so happen that the several additional Duties and Impositions granted to His Majesty by several Acts of Parliament, towards Payment of Interest of the said Transport Debt, together with the Duties to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall amount to more than what may prove sufficient for Payment of Interest, at five Pounds per Centum, for the said Transport Debt, according to the several Debentures made and to be made out, that then, and in such Case, such Surplus arising by the said Duties, more than sufficient for Payment of the Interest, shall remain in the Exchequer, and not be disposed of otherwise than by an Act of Parliament expressly made in that Behalf.

XIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, out of the Moneys raised by this or the said recited Acts, to pay to the said Commissioners to be appointed pursuant to this Act, their Clerks, or any other Persons, such Sutns of Money as they or any of them shall or may reasonably deserve for their Service, or shall or may have expended, in the Execution of, or in relation to, this or the said recited Acts.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything contained therein, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to give any Power for the licensing of any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, to sell, or expose to Sale, any Wares or Merchandizes in any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Market Town within this Realm, any otherwise than might have been done before the making of this Act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XXVIII

Persons and Tilings exempted.

A Register to be kept in the Exchequer of all Moneys paid in by this Act.

Penalty on Officers diverting or misapplying ihe Moneys.

This Act not to hinder the selling Goods in any public - Market, Fair, C

ifdutiesamount to more than is sufficient to pay the Interest of the Transport Debt, Surplus to remain in the Exchequer, and not be disposed nf but by Parliament.

commissioners and their clerlts, C rr.ay be paid out of the Duties.

This Act not to impowerhawk ers, C to sell Wares or Merchandise in any City, See,

An act for the exporting Watches, sword hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh and eighth Years of His present Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be^& 3 W. 3. C coined.', and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom, it is amongst other Things so 19. enacted, That after the last Day of March then next ensuing, no wrought Slate of this Kingdom can be shipped off, under the great Penalties in the said Act contained, whereby no home wrought manufactured Plate, though never so beneficial to the Artificers and Trade of this Kingdom, is permitted to be exported, which was at that Time a good and wholesome Law, and tended to the Benefit of the Kingdom, by keeping Bullion at Home to be coined: Now forasmuch as by a subsequent Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the bring S&9V/.3.C.S. ing in of wrought Plate to be coined, it is therein enacted, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person whatsoever, shall work, make or cause to be wrought or made any Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver, less in Fineness than that of eleven Ounces and ten pennyweight of fine Silver in every Pound Troy, nor put to Sale the same until it be marked, as in the said Act is directed; whereby no Pro!;: can arise to any Vol. III 4 Y ' Person

714 C 29.

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

'watchesjs word hilts, wrought Plate, See. may be exported, as shall be yearly allowed by the Commissioners of the Customs,

ffo Case or Dial Plate, C for Clock or Watch shall be exported without the Movement, See. nor made up, without engraving maker's imame.

Penal ty0

' Person who shall! export such Plate, as hath been or shall be made pursuant to that Act, by losing the Charge of the Fashion in melting down the same, and selling the Silver Abroad, the principal Thing aimed atto be prevented by the first recited Act: But on the contrary a great Benefit may accrue to many Artificers, and to the Kingdom in general, by giving Liberty to export Watches, Sword Hilts, wrought Plate, and several other Silver Manufactures made within this Kingdom, being of the Fineness prescribed in the said last recited Act; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's raofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to export such Watches, sword hilts, wrought Plate, and other Silver Manufactures made within this Kingdom, being of the Fineness of eleven Ounces and ten Penny Weight to every Pound Troy, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Weight, according to the Rules prescribed in the said last recited Act, as shall be yearly allowed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the time being, or any three of them; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas great Quantities of empty Boxes, Cases, and Dial Plates, for Clocks and Watches, have been exported without their Movements, and in foreign Parts made up with bad Movements, and thereon some London watch makers Names engraven, and so are sold Abroad for engujh Work; and also there have been the like ill Practises in England by diverse Persons, as well by some professing the Art of Clock, and watch making, as others ignorant therein, in putting counterfeit Names, as also the Names of the most known London watch makers, on their bad Clocks and Watches, to the great Prejudice of the Buyers, and the Disresputation of the said Art at Home and Abroad For the preventing the refore of all such ill Practises for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the said four and twentieth Day o June, export or send, or endeavour to export or send, out of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tivced, any outward or inward Box, Case or dial plate of Gold, Silver, Brass or other Metal for Clock or Watch, without the Movement in or with every such Box, Case or dial plate, made up fit for Use - the Clock or watchmaker's Name engraven thereon; nor any Person whatsoever, after the said four and twentieth Day of June, shall make up or cause to be made up any Clock or Watch without engraving, or putting, or cau iing to be engraven or put, his or her own Name and Place of Abode or Freedom, and no other Name or Place, on every Clock or Watch he or she shall so make up, or cause to be made up, under the Penalty of forfeiting every such empty Box, Case and dial plate, Clock and Watch, not made up and engraven as aforesaid, and also for each and every of such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety whereof to be to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety shall be to him, her or them that shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlancej anything herein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

s w. 3, C ais. repealed,

out not to make void Agreements, &c.

nor Orders for Discharge of *Prison

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to repeal the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in case two Thirds of Number and Value do agree.

WHEREAS an Act made in the second Session of this present Parliament, held in the eighth and ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by Making Compcfitions with their Debtors, hi case tuso Thirds in Number and Value do agree, hath not answered the End for which the same was intended, in regard that notwithstanding the Provisions in the said Act for preventing Frauds in the making such Compositions fraudulent Practises have been committed, by making pretended Agreements with Persons who were not real Creditors, and for greater Advantages than what were expressed in such Compositions; which Practises have (as there is just Cause to fear) occasioned much Perjury:' For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with She Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, the said Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be repealed, determined, and of no Force.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend in any wise, to prejudice, make void, or impeach any Agreement or Composition made, or which before the said twenty-fourth Day of June shall be made, bona fide, and without Fraud, and which shall be performed from time to time, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, nor any Order for the Discharge of any Debtor out of Custody, made or which shall be made in pursuance of such Agreement and Composition, and by virtue of the abovesaid Act, or which is or shall be within the Saving or Benefit thereof, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, but that every such Agreement or Composition, whereupon any such Order of Discharge is or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and every such Order of Discharge is hereby ratified and confirmed; and every such Agreement or Composition, whereupon no such Order of Discharge is or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be and remain of the same Force and Effect (and no other) as if this present Act had not been made'; nor to pardon, indemnify, or discharge any Person who hath incurred, or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June shall incur any Penalty or Forfeiture, by committing any Offence against the said Act, but

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III C 30 — 32. 715

that every such Offender shall be liable to the same Forfeitures and Penalties, as if the said Act had continued in full Force.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, who Rdcafe anjdir heretofore have been or shall, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be discharged by virtue of this charkc 011 fjl|c Act, shall be deemed or adjudged to be discharged thereby, who to procure any Agreement, Compositions, 0alh tobc vold*' releases or Discharges whatsoever, from any of his or their Creditor or Creditors, have before anyone of the Judges of either Bench, Barons of the Exchequer, or Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, willingly and corruptly made, or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June shall make, any false Oath, to ithe defrauding of his or their Creditor or Creditors, but that all and every such Agreement, Releases and Discharges upon any false Oath obtained, and being thereof convicted upon any Indictment or Information, shall be void and of none Effect; thing in this or the said former Act contained to the contrary -.' hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for increasing His Majesty's Duties upon Lustrings and Alamodesn

WHEREAS the wrought Silks, commonly called Lustrings and Alamodes, under the Name of 19 //. 7. <-. inwrought Silks, in and I y the Book of Rates referred to in the act of Tunnage and Poundage,

'which was made and passed in the twelfth year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Southeast Car. 2. C; cond, were valued at forty Shillings the Pound Weight, containing sixteen Ounces; and according to that Valuation are and will be liable to pay several Subsidies, additional and other Duties or Impositions to Your Majesty, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament flnee that Time made and past, referring to the said Book of Rates for the Value of the said Silks: 'We Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, being sensible that the said Silks, called Lujhings and Alamodes, were much undervalued in the said Book, and that the same are ordinarily of a much higher Value than forty Shillings for such a Pound Weight as aforesaid, do therefore in all Humility grant, that Your majesty's Duties for and upon all Lustrings and Alamodes imported, now payable by or according to the said Valuation of forty Shillings the Pound Weight, shall be increased, answered and paid according to the Valuation herein after mentioned; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by'.and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all Lustrings and Alamodes, which from and after Lustrings an: the four and twentieth Day of june one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, shall be imported or brought Alamodes lm'.' into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be valued at ^t'perlb^yt -- four Pounds for every Pound Weight, containing sixteen Ounces as aforesaid: And His Majesty's several C '

additional and other Duties and Impositions as aforesaid, during the Continuance of the same re 1 Ann. ft. 1. c spectively, shall be collected, paid and answered for and upon the said Lustrings and alamodes, according3 V 2- gann.' to the said Valuations of four Pounds for every Pound. Weight, as if the same had been originally inserted in the said Book of Rates, and had been particularly referred to (instead of the said Rate of forty Shillings) in pwl 1 the several Acts before mentioned: And that according to the same Rules and Methods, and with such or fans relating the like Allowances, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by the said Acts, and every or any of hereto, cb.w them prescribed, for the respective Duties on the said commodities; anything therein contained to the L L wife 5 ann." contrary notwithstanding. e; £ icetz.o

C 151 g Geo. I. C S. j Geer 2. C 17. 23 Geo. 2. f.9 & 20.: l5'geo,

CAP. ' XXXI

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, although the month's 13 & 14 Cits*, 1-

Pay formerly advanced be not paid. C 3-

CAP. XXXII -

An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Blasphemy and Profatieness.'

WHEREAS A S many Persons have of late Years openly avowed and published many blasphemous and;

impious Opinions, contrary to the Doctrines and Principles of the Christian Religion, greatly tending to the Difnonour of Almighty God, and may prove destructive to the Peace and Welfare of this kingdomwherefore for the more effectual suppressing of the said detestable Crimes, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if Persons a<nying s any Person or Persons, having been educated in, or at any Time having made Profession of the Christian 'hetrinity, or Religion within this Realm, mail by Writing, Printing, Teaching, or advised Speaking, deny any one of the Persons in the Holy Trinity to be God, or shall assertor maintain there are more Gods than one, or than one orde shall deny the Christian Religion to be true, or the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be nying the chri of Divine Authority, and shall upon Indictment or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts at west > q ian Religion to minster, or at the Assizes, be thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses; b. c.., truc C,

Person or Persons for the first Offence shall be adjudged incapable and disabled in Law, to all Intents the^lttiffbled 1 and Purposes whatsoever, to have or enjoy any Office or Offices, Employment or Employments, Ecclesi 110 hula any of astical, Civil or Military, or any Part in them, or any Profit or Advantage appertaining to them, or any fice, cof them: And if any Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall at the Time of his or their Conviction,

Further disabi litie? if a second time convicted thereof.

No Prosecution unless Information be given in four Days after Words spoken

Person for the first Offence,

(on renouncing his Opinion in Months after Conviction) shall be discharged from Penalty, CL

EXP.

enjoy or possess any Office, Place or Employment, such Office, Place or Employment shall be void, and is hereby declared void: And if such Person or Persons shall be a second time lawfully convicted as aforesaid, of all or any the aforesaid Crime or Crimes, that then he or they shall from thenceforth be disabled to sue, prosecute, plead or use anyadtion or Information in any Court of Law or Equity, or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor or Administrator of any Person, or capable of any Legacy or Deed of Gift, or to bear any Office, Civil or Military, or Benefice Ecclesiastical for ever within this Realm, and shall also suffer Imprisonment for the Space of three Years, without Bail or Mainprize, from the Time of such Conviction.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act, for any Words spoken, unless the Information of such Words shall be given upon Oath before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within four Days after such Words spoken, and the Prosecution of such Offence be within three Months after such Information.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, convicted of all or any of the aforesaid Crime or Crimes, in Manner aforesaid, hall for the first Offence (upon his, her, or their Acknowledgment and Renunciation of such Offence or erroneous Opinions, in the same Court where such Person or Persons was or were convicted, as aforesaid, within the Space of four Months after his, her, or their Conviction) be discharged from all Penalties and Disabilities incurred by such Conviction j anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to flop the coining Farthings and Halfpence for one Year.

CAP. XXXIV.

WM. An Act for the better and more orderly Payment of the Lottery Tickets now payable out of certain C 7. additional Duties of Excise, and of other Annuities lately payable out of the Tunnage Duties. Duties

5&6w. & M. of Excise granted by 5 & 6 W. & M. C 7. to be applied to Payment of the Arrears of the Annuities

C to it, March 1696. Growing Produce applied to the Annuities. Lottery Tickets to be paid. addi |t06w &*tional Duties of Excise appropriated to the Annuities.

EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

6 W. 3. C

8 W. 3. C j

7 W. 3. C

9 -& 10 w. C io.

4. Anna;, C I. 10.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the charging, collecting, and paying the Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers. From 24 June 1699. Justices of Peace to be of for this Act. Ecclesiastical Person to set down the Degrees, GY. of every Person christened, Grand in case of Burials, of the Heir, fsy. Of Birth, the father's and mother's Name, Grand of Marriage, the Place of Abode of the Husband, Gr. Under Penalty. Person who ought to pay the Duty, to give an Account of the Degree of the Person buried, Gr. The Words Ecclesiastical Persons to comprehend Bishops, where Marriages, Gr. are celebrated by them. Person removing before Duty paid, Commissioners may certify such Default, Grand for nonpayment distrain. For want of Distress Offender to be committed to Prison. Commissioners to meet once in three Months, 'and warn Assessors, Collectors, Gr. to appear before them and bring in their Assessments. Commissioners may examine the said Assessments, Grand cause Persons omitted, Gr. to be taxed. Duplicates of the gross Sums to be transmitted to the Exchequer. Collectors to render their Accounts on Oath. Collectors to have an additional Allowance of 3 d. per Pound. And Commissioners Clerks 1 CL per Pound. Person not paying Duty in twenty Days after due, to pay double. The ten Days allowed for Appeal to begin from the Demand of the Duty.

EXP.

CAP. XXXVI.

PR

jb o.: .: II 1)5 1

An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forcji in the County of Southampton. Two hundred acres, Part of the New Forest in Hampshire, to be enclosed for the Growth of Timber, Grand let out by Commissioners, Gr. Enclosures to be made. Two hundred Acres more to be enclosed yearly for 20 Years, GY. And to remain in Possession of the Crown for ever, as a Nursery for Wood only, r Decayed Trees to be set out for making the Enclosures. When the Woods growing in the Enclosures are past Danger of browsing of Deer, GY. (b that the same may be laid open, the King may enclose the like quantity.bf Acres for so much laid open, GY. free from all Common, Gc. Wood not to be felled without Allowance, GY. Nor Coppice Woods cut, Gc. Enclosures not to be ploughed or sowed, Gr. Penalty on Forester, Keeper, GY. browsing or lopping any Oak or Beech Tree in the Forest. Charcoal not to be made in the Forest within 1000 Paces of any Enclosure, Gr. Coal Hearths to be fenced with Heath, Gr. Persons breaking clown any of the Enclosures, GY. may be fined, and committed to Gaol, GY. This Act not to alter the Forest Laws, Gr. Right of Common of Pasture, GY. in the Forest preserved. After Michaelmas 1716. and not before. Right of Common of Pasture continued in the waste Ground. Saving Right of Fuel to the adjacent Inhabitants, provided they do not sell the same, Gr. Grant of any the said Enclosures, Trees, Gr. void. Notice to be given when any Sale of Wood shall be made in the Forest, Gr. Officers to value the Wood before Sale. Best Bidder to be the Purchaser, No Fee, Gr. to be taken for selling of Trees, Gr.

C 37 — 40. 717

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for applying to the Use of His Majesty's Navy and Ordnance the Overplus of the Money and 1 W*,

Stoics, which were provided for the building ('even and twenty Ships of War.

EXP.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid by a quarterly Poll for one Year.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportion of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and

EXP.

Gold Thread, and to prevent the Abuses of wire drawers. [Continued for seven Years, and amended ijgco.z. c.ta. by 1 Annie, flat. 1. cap. 17.] Weight of Silver Wire drawn for making Gold and Silver Thread, V

No gilt Wire to be coloured with Verdigrease, £sy. Six Ounces of Plate to cover four Ounces of Silk,

C Allowances for Gold and Silver Thread made finer, OY. Gold and Silver Plate to be spun close on light dyed Silk, fac. (except Frost.) All Metals inferior to Silver shall be spun on Thread, OY.

Importation of Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, £sy. are made of Copper, Brass, ts'c. prohibited. Suit to be commenced in six Months after Offence. Act to continue for three Years.

CAP. XL

An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made against Transportation of Wooli, Fullers Earth, and Scouring Clay.

WHEREAS several Laws have been made to prevent the Exportation of Wool and Fullers Earth fj"' V 2' 5835 out of this Kingdom, yet nevertheless the said Exportation is still notoriously continued, to the <sc' great Prejudice and Discouragement of the Woollen Trade and Manufacture of England: And whereas in the first Year of therein of His present Majesty King William and the late Queen Mary, there passed an Act, intituled, Tin Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the 1 & I

Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, which Act was continued by one other Act made in the fourth c-32,

and fifth Years of their said Majesties Reign, intituled An act for reviving, continuing, and explaining fe 4 & 5 W. & M, veral Laws therein mentioned, which were expired and near expiring; which said Act was further continued in C4the seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with some Alterations, intituled, An Act for the mare effec 7 & 8 W. 3,

tual preventing the Exportation of Wool, and for the encouraging the Importation of Wool from Ireland, <=.8.

which Act is now near expiring: And whereas for preventing the said Mischiefs it is necessary that the last mentioned Act, with some convenient Alterations, should be continued, and also that there should be some more effectual Remedies than have been hitherto provided; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said last mentioned Act, made in the seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and intituled, An Act for the more effec jt southwest. 3/ tual preventing the Exportation of Wool, and for encouraging the Importation of Wool from Ireland, and every CS'

Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, except what is hereby otherwise altered, explained, enlarged, or repealed, shall continue and be in full Force, as if the same were herein and hereby particularly recited and mentioned.

II. And whereas under a Pretension of carrying Fullers Earth and Scouring Clay into Ireland, the same 3 Geo. 1. C n. 4 is conveyed into Scotland, and other foreign Parts, to the further Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture Geo. C 11. 4 of this Kingdom; ' Be it further enacted, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one 5 Geo. a. C 11. thousand six hundred ninety-eight, no Fullers Earth or Scouring Clay shall be exported out of this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Ttvecd, into Ireland or Scotland, or any other foreign Penalty on ex upon any Pretence whatsoever, but that the Exporters, being legally convicted, shall be liable to porting Fullers the Forfeitures of one Shilling for every Pound Weight. Eanh or Scourf

III. And whereas it is a common Prrftice in Romney Marsh and other Places adjacent, for evil disposed l!js Cliy Persons to sheer their Sheep, and lodge Wool near the Sea Side, and sometimes to bring Wool out of the '

Country more remote, and lodge it as aforesaid, where by Fraud and Force in the Night Time, the said Persons do cause the lame to be transported to France, to the Increase of the Trade of that Kingdom,

and the Destruction of the Trade of England: To prevent these Practises for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Owner and Owners of Wool shorn or housed, ownerscfwooll laid up or lodged, within ten Miles of the Sea Side, within the Counties of Kent and Suffer, shall be obliged ", 'tl, in 10 Miles to give an exact Account in Writing, within three Days after the sheering thereof, of his, her, or their Kent or Suf'Number of Fleeces, and where lodged or housed, to the next adjacent Port or Officer of His Majesty's togivcan Customs, and the like Notice before he, she, or they shall presume to remove any Part or Parcel thereof, ac ctunt of the' of the said Number of Fleeces and Weight, and the Name and Abode of the Person or Persons to whom it Number of is disposed, and the Place to which it is intended to be carried; and to take a Certificate from the Officer Fleeces and V who first entered the same, upon the Penalty of forfeiting all such Wool as shall not be so entered or other ere lodee<)» wise disposed of, and the Owner or Owners also to be liable to the further Penalties of three Shillings for. pclity. every Pound Weight of all such Wool, as if the same had been actually transported; said Account offi«rtogire; the Officers respectively are hereby required to take gratis, and to give such Certificate or Certificates, with Certificate, C out Delay, to the Party or Parties demanding the lame, and shall therein specify the Name or Names of the Owners and Buyers thereof, and limit it to such Times, and Places to be' removed; for whicdduty

3 & 4 vu M. C 6.

EXP.

7i8 C 40. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

and Service the said Officer or Officers shall take and demand the Sum of sixpence and no more for each Certificate, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

IV. And whereas it is a common Practice in the said Marsh, for diverse Persons, not resident upon the Place, to buy up jjreat Quantities of Wool, and transport, or cause the same to be transported out of this Kingdom r or preventing such Practises for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority No Person ffull aforesaid, vfhat no Person or Persons residing within fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the Counties of Kent and11 wool with Suffix, shall presume to buy any Wool, before they do enter into Bond to the King's Majesty, His Heirs the seaswe in 01 ^ucce^ors' with Sureties, that all the Wool they buy shall not be sold by them to any Person or Per kent or Suife*"' fons within fifteen Miles of the Sea; and in case any Wool be found carried towards the Sea Side in the Mnkfsentred, 'Counties aforesaid, unless such Wool be first entered, and Security given, the same shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons offending therein shall also forfeit three Shillings for every Pound Weight of all such Wool.

Nor remove it V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool removed from the Place where was lodged, or laid, after sheering, within ten Miles, as aforesaid, shall be lodged after the

housev. f ^rff removing, within fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the Counties aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting all such Wool), if found; but if carried away, then every Person or Persons, who were the Owners of the said Penalty. Wool, to forfeit for every Pound Weight the Sum of three Shillings.

Wool laid with

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons that shall in j5 Miles of ]ay, or cause to be laid or hid, any Wool within fifteen Miles of the Sea, and not entered, as aforesaid, all ftited" r be fe zed and forfeited; that upon any Seizure of such Wool, every Person, laying Claim

elecj to the same, shall give sufficient Security in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer (if caff upon Trial) to pay treble Costs, over and above the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought and prosecuted by any Person or Persons against any Person employed in the Execution, of this Act, for any Matter, Cause, or Thing, by them or either of them done, committed, or executed

Persons sued by virtue of this Act, or any Clause or Article therein contained; that then and in every such Case the

may pleaa the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence at the Trial, '

general issue. that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if upon Examination it shall so

happen to be done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover treble Treble Costs. Costs, which he or they shall sustain or be put unto, by reason of his or their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit.

forfeitures and VIII and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Forfeitures and Penalties Penalties, how before in this Act mentioned, shall be distributed in Manner and Form following, viz. one third Part to to be distributed, the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, and the other two thirds to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall seize or sue for the same, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed. jacsr. sc. 32. '

IX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

' the Second it is enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever should, at any Time thereafter, be im peached for any Offence against the said Act, unless such Persons be prosecuted within one Year next ensuing such offence committed: And whereas a great many Persons who have been guilty of transporting

' Wool, but Discovery thereof hath not been made till the Expiration of twelve Months after the Of -- ' fence committed, to the great Encouragement of several notorious Offenders For the Prevention where itxporters of of be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to cause such Wool, C may Person or Persons, as are or shall be guilty of transporting or causing to be transported any Wool, wool be prosecuted in fens? Fullers Earth, or Scouring Clay, to be sued and prosecuted at any Time within three Years after the Ofence3 tcr Offence committed, in the same Manner as Informations on other penal Statutes have been usually and may lawfully be prosecuted.

X. And for the better preventing the carrying of Wool into Scotland from England, Be it further en owners of acted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, all and Wool, thorn and every Owner or Owners of Wool, shorn, laid up, or lodged within fifteen Miles of the Borders of scot teenmt'n land, shall and are hereby required to give an exact Account of his, her, or their Number of Fleeces, and Bordas of where lodged or housed, to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed and empowered for that Purpose, Scotland, to give pursuant to the Direction or true Meaning of the aforesaid Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of an Account of His present Majesty and the late Queen; which Person or Persons shall give Attendance for that Purpose at the Number of the several Ports and Market Towns within the said Distance of fifteen Miles; and shall and are hereby f'wc£&most required to make a true Entry of such Wool, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose: And in case any C ff. ardmaite' Owner or Owners of such Wool shall neglect or refuse to give such Account to such Person or Persons, Entry thereof, as shall after such Notice given remove such Wool, or any Part thereof, without Licence from such Per penalty. fan or Persons as shall have made such Entry, he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing, or removing afterwards

his, her, or their Wool, or any Part of it, without Licence, as aforesaid, shall forfeit three Shillings Wool unentred for every Pound Weight of such Wool; and all the Wool that shall be found within the Distance aforesaid found, C said, of the Borders of Scotland, riot entered, as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby forfeited, one third Part to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, and the other two third Parts to him or them who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament held in the seventh and eighth Years of His pres.

28. ' sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wooll, and for the cn

' couragirg the Importation thereof from Ireland, amongst other Things it is enacted, That the Hundred out of winch any Wool shall be exported, be liable to such Penalties and Forfeitures as is mentioned in the 1 said

C 41. 719

tf indrsd of winchclfcj lo be tiken as two distinct hun dicis. See. as to v/coll.

Vaither Prrz flout concerning Wool!, C 10 & it I?. V C if. 25 Gco

said at; but the Hundred of Winchelsea in the Cinque Ports being divided by a navigable Arm of the

Sea, so that the Inhabitants on the one Side thereof cannot be privy to or prevent what is done by lhofc of the other Side; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Hundred of Winchelsea shall be deemed and taken, in respect to the said Add, as two difiindd hundreds (that is to say) the Part of the one Side of the said Arm of the Sea as one Hundred, and the Part of the other Side as one other entire Hundred } and the Penalties, which may be forfeited for suffering such Exportation, hall affcesl, charge, and be levied on that Part only of the said Hundred which lies on the same Side of the said Arm of the Sea, out of which such Exportation was made and permitted j anything in this or any other atto the contrary notwithstanding; Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Add shall be construed to extend to divide the said Hundred in any other Particular but in this only.

C 10. 3 Geo. 1. C zi, Cm. 1. r. II 5 Geo. X C 11, nto.i.t.34. 13 Geo. I. C3. 5 Geo. C it, izgco. 2. C zi. ijcca.j

s. r. 14. a6 Get, a. e, 8 & 11, 19 Geo. 1. c. 33. and 30 cm. 2. C is.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for the better preventing the Imbezlement of His Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages.

WHEREAS notwithstanding diverse good Laws made and enadbed, for the preventing of the Healing 1 Geo. n C! ' and Imbezlement of His Majesty's Stores of War, and Naval Stores, those Frauds, Thefts, and9 Ge, CL: ' Imbezlements are frequently practised, and the convicting of such Offenders is rendered difficult and im practicable, by Reason it rarely happens that direct Proof can be made of such offender's immediate taking, imbezling, or carrying away any of His Majesty's said Stores of War and Naval Stores out of

' or from His Majesty's store houses, Docks, Yards, Ships, Ordnance, or other Places for keeping and

' prefefving the same, but only that such Goods are marked with the King's Mark, and found in the Cuf ' tody and Possession of the said Person accused for Healing or imbezling the same, to the great Encourage meat of such wicked Offenders, and to His Majesty's and the kingdom's great Damage For preventing such Imbezlements for the future, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws and Statutes already in Force against such Imbezlements, and Thefts, Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament affemlded, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day k0 warlike or of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, it hall not be lawful to or for any Person or Persons what naval Stores, soever, other than Persons authorised by cantrafting with His Majesty's Principal Officers or Commissioners except for the of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling Office for His Majesty's Use, to make any Stores of War or Naval Ulev Stores whatsoever, with the Marks usually used to and marked upon His Majesty's said Warlike and Na with King's val or Ordnance Stores that is to say, any Cordage of three Inches and upwards, wrought with a white Marks, cb thread laid the contrary Way, or any smaller Cordage, to wit, from three Inches downwards, with a Twine in lieu of a White Thread, laid to the contrary Way as aforesaid, or any Canvas wrought or unwrought, with a Blue Streak in the Middle, or any other Stores with the broad Arrow, by Stamp, Brand or otherwise, upon Pain that every such Person or Persons, who hall make such Goods so marked as aforesaid, not being a Contractor with His Majesty's Principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victuallers for His Majesty's Use, or employed by such Contractor for that Purpose as aforesaid, hall for every such Offence forfeit such Goods, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Costs of Suit; Penalty; f one Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record zt Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons, in whose p=n?by'er* Custody, Possession or Keeping such Goods or Stores marked as aforesaid shall be found, not being em cuflcv such ployed as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons who hall conceal such Goods, or Stores marked as marked Store aforesaid, being indicted and convicted of such Concealment, or of the having such Goods found in his are found, Custody, Possession or Keeping, hall forfeit such Goods, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together ilj.rajm. with the Costs of Prosecution, one Moiety to His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered as aforesaid, and hall also suffer Imprisonment, until Payment and Performance of the said Fora clrtis" feiture, unless such Person hall, upon his Trial, produce a Certificate under the Hand of three or more of cate) X

His Majesty's Principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance or Victuallers, expressing the By9 Geo. 1. Numbers, Quantities or Weights of such Goods, as he or he hall then be indicted for, and the Occasion C. 3 &4 and Reason of such Goods coming to his or her Hands or Possession. jc QV1'!.01

III. And forasmuch as diverse wicked Persons, during the late War and since, for Lucre and Gain have j^tigatcdw e ' personated Seamen, who have really served, or are supposed to have served on Board His Majesty's Ships,

' and thereby have received diverse Sums of His Majesty's Money at the Pay Office, or elsewhere, of His rotating any" "

majesty's Officers appointed for Payment of His Majesty's Fleet and Ships, in Deceit, as well of Pits Seaman, or for Majesty, as of the Persons who have really served on Board any of His Majesty's Ships, and have also ging i etter ot'1

for such wicked Purposes forged and counterfeited diverse Letters of Attorney or Bills of Sale, Assigny Attorney, BUI ments or last Wills, in the Name or Names of Persons who have really served, or were supposed to wi'if

' have served on Board His Majesty's said Ships, and have and do also procure daily, diverse Men and Wo.

' men to personate, and diverse wicked Persons do of their own Accord personate the Wives, Relations or enforced and Creditors of such Seamen, who have, or are supposed to have, served on Board of His Majesty's Ships, plained by and thereby have falsely taken out Letters of Administration to such Seaman or Seamen, having served, 1 Ge°'

' or supposed to have served on Board of His Majesty's Ships, or have forged and counterfeited Letters of a'c'?

4 - ' Attorney,

C 42.

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, C may sell any of the said Stores so marked,

Buyer to have a Cerificate thereof, C

Quantities to be expressed.

Person filed may plead the General issue, See,

Geo. 1. c. 14. §. 10.

No seartian's Will contained in the same In firument with a Letter of attorney shall be good. Ecclesiastical Court, C to take only 1 s.for the iuing forth Letters of administration to the Wife, cof any Seaman dying in the King's Navy, unless the Goods, C a mount to zo 1,

King's Stores may be lent to any Ship in Dil'refs, so they be restored.

Borrower to have a Certificate.

9 Geo. 1. c. 8.

EXP.

' Attorney, Bills of Sale, or other Authorities, in the Names of the Executors or Adminirators of such Seamen, for the Receipt of such Wages as were due, or supposed to be due, to such Seamen, having served, or supposed to have served as aforesaid For the Prevention of which said wicked Practises for the future, be it enacted, That all and every such Person or Persons, his, her or their Aiders or Abettors, that shall be convicted of the said Crimes and Offences, committed from and after the said four and twen t'eth Day of June, shall for every such Offence, over and above the Penalties to be inflidied by any Laws now in Force, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with the Costs of Prosecution, one Moiety to His Majesty, the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered as aforesaid, and hall also suffer imprisonment until Payment of the said Forfeiture.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance or Victualling Office for the time being, may sell and dispose of any of the Stores aforesaid, so marked as aforesaid, as they did or might have done before the making of this Act; and that such Person or Persons as heretofore have or shall hereafter buy any such Stores, or other Stores so marked as aforesaid, of the said Principal Officers or Commanders, or by their Order, may keep and enjoy the same without incurring the Penalty of this Actor any Law to the contrary whatsoever, upon producing a Certificate or Certificates under the Hand and Seal of three or more of the said Principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance or Victualling Office, that they bought such Goods from them the find Principal Officers or Commissioners, or from such Person or Persons as did buy the said Stores from the said Principal Officers or Commissioners at any Time before such Stores were found in their Custody; in which Certificate or Certificates the Quantities of such Stores shall be expressed, and the Time when and where bought of the said Commissioners, who, or any three or more of them, for the time being, are hereby empowered and directed, from time to time, to give to such Person or Persons who Dial] desire the same, and have bought, and shall hereafter buy any of the aforesaid Stores, within thirty Days after the Sale and Delivery of the said Stores so sold or to be sold as aforesaid.

V. And for the better Encouragement of such Persons who hall make Seizures or Discovei ies of any such Stores imbezilled or stolen; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall be lued or prosecuted for or by reason of their discovering or feizingany such Stores or Goods so marked as aforesaid, that in every such Case, such Persons so sued or prosecuted may plead the General Ifiiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence: And in case that upon the Trial of such Blue the Defendants so sued hall make Proof, that such Goods or Stores, so discovered or seized by them, were so marked as aforesaid, and that the Plaintiffs or Prosecutors in such Suit or Prosecution hall not at such Trial make good Proof that they were so employed, or had such Certificate as aforesaid, before such discovery and Seizure made, and that they did hew the same unto such Defendants before such Suit or Prosecution commenced or brought, such Defendant shall be acquitted and found Not guilty thereupon; unless such Defendants, upon Sight of such Certificate, did not deliver back unto such Plaintiffs or Prosecutors, at their Request, or other wise, all such Goods and Stores so seized, in as good Plight and Condition, as they were at the Time of such Certificate hewn; and in case any such Defendants shall be so or otherwise acquitted on such Trial, and that such Plaintiff's or Prosecutors hall discontinue such their Suit or Prosecution, or be nonsuited therein, such Defendants shall recover treble Costs.

CVI. And whereas it is necessary that Seamen should appoint Attorneys who may seceive their Pay in their Absence, but of late an evil Practice is introduced, that in the Letters constituting such Attorneys,

' there is added a Clause purporting a Will made by such Seamen, whereby they make their Attorneys their Executors, and give their whole Eftat', or great Part thereof, the Seamen being ignorant of the Efficacy and Consequence of such a Clause, whereby the Relations and Families of such Seamen as are killed at Sea often fuft er great lofsfor preventing such Inconveniency for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June no Will of any Seaman contained, printed or written in the same Instrument, Prayer or Parchment, with a Warrant or Letter of Attorney, hall be good or available in Law to any Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ecclesiastical Court, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, under any Pretence, do take or receive any more than the Sum of one Shilling for the Seal, writing or firing forth any Letters of Administration granted, or hereafter to be granted, to the Wife or Children of any Seaman whatsoever, dying in the Pay of His Majesty's Navy, unless the Gqods and Chattels of such Seaman do amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds: And if any Officer or Officers shall presume to take any more than the Sum of one Shilling, the Person or Persons so offending hall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or elsewhere.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall be construed to hinder any the Principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, or any Chief Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships at Sea, to lend any of His Majesty's Stores to any Merchant Ship or Vessel in distress, or otherwise, as might lawfully be done before the making of this Act, in case such Goods solent be restored with all possible Conveniency; and provided such Person or Persons so borrowing the said Stores, from time to time, have such Certificate as aforesaid, which the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, or Commander in Chief, are hereby required to give to the Party or Parties that shall so borrow, the same. [This made a public Act by r Geo. t. fess. 2. cap. 25. fefl. j4.],

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enlarging the Time for registring of Ships, pursuant to the Aa for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade.

3

721

C

43-

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Lustring Company, and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of L'uftrings and Alamodes.

WHEREAS the Manufacture of Black Lustrings and Alamodes, setup by the Royal Lustring 19 //. 7. C 21, W Company, hath been very advantageous and beneficial to this Kingdom, by employing great Num bers of the Poor, and preventing the Exportation of our Coin for purchasing of those Commodities in foreign Parts: And whereas notwithstanding the several Laws made for the Encouragement of the said Ma 4 nufacture, and for the preventing the Importation of such foreign Silks without paying the Duties charged thereon, great Quantities of the said foreign Silks have been brought into this Kingdom, without paying any Duty or Cuilom for the same; by Means whereof the said Royal Lustring Company have been very much discouraged in the carrying on the said Manufacture: 'For Remedy whereof, and that the said Company may have all due Encouragement to enable them to proceed in so good an Undertaking, Be it en acted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, no foreign Silks called or known by the Name of Alamodes or Lujlrings, hall be imported or brought into any Port or Place whatsoever within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, other than the Port of London only; and that Notice shall be given to the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Customs in the said Port of London for the time being, of the Quality and Quantity, with the Marks, Numbers, and Package of all such Silks intended to be imported, with the Name of the Importer, and the Name of the Ship, and her Burden, and the Name of the Master or Commander on which they are to be laden, and the Place or Port where the same are to be hipped or taken on Board, and a Licence shall be taken under the Hands of the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Customs in the said Port of London for the time being, or any three of them, for the lading and importing of the same as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby authorised and required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Persons demanding the same.

II. And for the better preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Silks, without paying the Duties which are or shall be due and payable for the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Customs in the said Port of London for the time being, shall and are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to mark and seal, or cause to be marked and sealed, all such Alamodes and Lustrings, which shall, from and after the said first Day of July, be imported according to the Directions of this Act, and to keep, or cause to be kept an Entry or Registry thereof in the customhouse in the said Port of London, in a Book to be provided for that Purpose only, which said Entry, or Registry shall be made without any Fee or Reward, before the said Goods be delivered out of the customhouse Warehouse: And in case any of the said Silks shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place whatsoever within this Realm, other than the Port of London, or shall be imported without such Notice first given, and Licence taken out as aforesaid, and the Duties paid for the same, or hall not be so sealed and marked as aforesaid, such Silks, or the full Value thereof, shall be forfeited; and all such Silks, which shall be seized and forfeited by virtue of this or any former Act, shall be sold and exported, and the same Rules and Methods shall be observed in the selling and exporting thereof, as are mentioned and contained in an act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Manufacture of Lujlrings and Alamodes within this Realm.

III. And for the better preventing the Importation of the same, in relation to Silks therein directed to be exported, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall import, bring or convey, or cause or procure to be imported, brought or conveyed into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any Alamodes or Lustrings, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or who shall knowingly receive or take the same into his, her or their House, Warehouse, Custody or Possession, or hall fell, barter or offer to Sale, or cause to be sold or battered, or offered to Sale any such foreign Silks so Fraudulently imported, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors and Assistants knowing thereof, hall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commission or Warrant Officer, or aether Person, who now is, or hereafter hail be, in the Service of His Majesty, Kis Heirs or Successors, and shall have the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, hall import, bring, send or convey, or cause, procure, or suffer to be imported, brought, sent, or conveyed, or take or load on board, any Alamodes or Lustrings, in order to be imported into this Kingdom, or shall unship, or fuller to be unshipped into any Barge, Hoy, Boat, or other Vessel, any such Silks, knowing thereof, he shall, over and above the Forfeitures and Penalties to which he is liable by this or any other act, be ipjo fa£io rendered incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, either by Sea or Land, cross having or receiving any Benefit or Advantage which he shall or may be intituled to by virtue of such Service; and if any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, belonging or which hall belong to any Ship or Vessel, hall discover any Alamodes or Lustrings, which shall be imported, brought, sent, or conveyed, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever into this Kingdom, or which shall be unshipped into any Barge, Hoy, Boat, or other Vessel, either at Sea, or in any Harbour, Creek, or bay in this Kingdom, in order to be imported, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, such Person or Persons making such discovery, hall (over and above such Part of the Forfeitures and Advantages to which he or they shall be in titled by virtue of this act) be immediately discharged from his or their Service on board such Ship or

No foreign all modes or Lustrings to be imported into England, chut in the Port of London, C

Licence to be taken for importing the same.

Commissioners to seal Alamodes, Scc, imported,

and keep an Entry thereof

Alamodes, See, brought into any other Port forfeited,

and to be sold, and exported again.

8 & 9W. 3.

C 36.

Penalty on Person importing Alamodes, contrary to thrt Act.

Officers in trie King's Service taking on board or importing 4*lamodes. Sec. made incapable of the King's Service, See. Reward to Mariner or other making Discoo very.

722

Penalty on per fcn altering or counterfeiting She Seal or Mark of the cuf om house, cr Royal Lustring Company,

or buying or selling ala modes, C so leak.

Person authorised may go into any Shop, Warehouse, C and seize aja modes, C not marked.

In case of Refinance may break open Doors, C Justices of Peace to grant Warrant to Searcher, C

In case of dif pbte Proof to lie on Importer, C

Officers to aid in Execution of this Act,

Penalty on Officer conniving at fraudulent Importation of Alanicdes, C

Offenders, C to fofeit double for every Offence.

How Offenders shall be prosecuted, C

Penalties' and Forfeitures are to be reco -- vered and di.«.

C 43. Anno nono & dec!mo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

Vessel, if he or they hall desire the same; and the Captain or Master of such Ship or Vessel shall immediately give him or them a Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, which hall entitle him or them to all the Wages due to him or them, for his or their Service on board such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall alter, counterfeit, or misapply, any or either of the Seals or Marks now used, or which shall or may be ttfed, at the customhouse, for the sealing and marking Alamodes and Lustrings, according to the Directions in this or any other Act, or which now are or shall be used by the said Royal Lustring Company, for the marking and sealing the Goods made, or which shall be made, by them; the Offender and Offenders, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and shall be adjudged to stand in the Pillory in some public Place for the Space of two Hours; and all and every Person and Persons, who shall buy or sell, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Alamodes or Lustrings, which are or shall be sealed or marked with a counterfeit Seal or Mark, or which shall have any Seal or Mark used or to be used at the customhouse, or by the Royal Lustring Company, thereunto affixed or put, which hath not been affixed and put thereto at the customhouse, or by the said Company, knowing thereof, and not discovering the same, shall forfeit the Goods so sealed or marked, and also the Sum of one hundred Pounds. And for the better discovering and seizing of the said Silks so fraudulently imported, or not sealed and marked according to the Directions in this Act, or which shall be sealed or marked with any counterfeit Seal or Mark, as aforesaid, it shall and' 'may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, authorised by Writ of Assistance under the Seal of Tils majesty's Court of Exchequer, or with a Constable or other public Officer inhabiting near unto the Place, with a Warrant from a Justice of Peace, and in the daytime, to enter and go into any»house, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Room, or other Place whatsoever, to search for and seize any Alamodes or Lustrings, imported contrary to this or any other Add, or not sealed and marked, as aforesaid, or which shall be sealed or marked with any counterfeit Seal or Mark; and in case of Resistance, to break open Doors, Chests, Trunks, and other Package whatsoever, thereto seize, and from thence to bring to His Majesty's Warehouse any of the said Silks so fraudulently imported, or not sealed and marked, as aforesaid; and every Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to grant such Warrant to any credible Person or Persons, making Oath that he or they have Reason to suspect or believe, that there are some of the said Silks so fraudulently imported, or not sealed and marked, 'as aforesaid, or which are sealed or marked with some counterfeit Seal or mark, in the Place or Places where he or they intend to search; if any que ftion, Dispute, or Doubt shall arise, whether any such Silks, as aforesaid, imported, found, seized, received, sold, bartered, or offered to Sale or Barter, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, were made or manufactured in Parts beyond the Seas, or whether the same were imported contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, the Proof shall be incumbent only upon the Importer, Claimer, Owner, Proprietor, Seller, Barterer, or such Person or Persons in whose Hands or Custody the said Silks shall be found respectively, and not upon the Informer, Seizer, or Prosecutor.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers belonging to the Customs, and all Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, and other Officers, shall be aiding and assisting in the effectual Execution of this Act: And that if any Officer or Person of or belonging to the Customs, shall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent Importation, delivering, receiving, buying, or selling of any Alamodes or Lustrings, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; or if such Officer, or any Informer, or other Person or Persons, shall take upon him or them to seize any the said Silks, or prosecute any Person or Persons, 'upon or by Virtue or by Means of this Act, or any other Act, and shall by Fraud or col lusion desist or delay the Prosecution to Condemnation of the said Silks, or any Part thereof, after Seizure or Stay of the same, or the Prosecution of any Person or Persons, for any Offence against this or any other Act, relating to the fraudulent importation of such Silks, or the not sealing and marking such Silks imported; he or they so defiling or delaying stall forfeit and lole the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be incapable of holding any Office or Employment under His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors.

VII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual Prosecution of the Offences and Offenders against this Act, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, that shall be convicted for any Offence against this Act, or any other Law relating to Alamodes or Lustrings, and shall afterwards offend a second or any more Time or Times, such Person or Persons (after Conviction) shall, so often as he or they shall so offend, forfeit and pay double the Sum infiifted or imposed by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall be guilty of any Offence or Offences contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any other Act relating to Alamodes or Lustrings, shall and may be prosecuted for any such Offence or Offences, in any Action, Suit or Information, and thereupon a Capias in the first Process, specifying the Sum of the Penalties sued for, shall and may issue; and such Person or Persons shall be obliged to give good and sufficient Bail and Security by natural born Subjects, Persons naturalised, or Denizens, to the Officer serving or executing the Writ or Process on or against him, her, or them, to appear in the Court out of which such Writ or Process shall issue at the Day of the Return of such Writ or Process, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and shall, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as 'aforesaid, in the said Court? to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he, she, or they shall be convict thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Bodies to Prison.

IX. And for the Encouragement and better enabling all such (whether Officers of the Customs or 'others) that shall effectually put this Act in Execution, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and' Forfeitures hereby or by any former Law relating to Alamodes or Lustrings given or imposed, or which shall arise or accrue in respect thereof, or for the importing, conveying, delivering, receiving, buying, or selling of any Alamodes or Lustrings, shall be distributed and divided in

4

A.D. 1698. Anno nono Sc decimo Guglielmi III

C 43. 723

Befcre chiir.a entered, Per ion to give Secmity for answering

Manner following (that Is to say) two third Parts thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs ran! Successors, and the remaining third Part to such Person or Persons as shall seize or sue for the same; the Charge of which Suit and Prosecution shall be born by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, out of His Majesty's Part of the said Forfeitures and Penalties; any Lav, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

And further, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to sue for and prosecute, and to recover the Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted or imposed by this present Ail, or by any other Act, relating to Alamodes or Lustrings, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance; and that all and every Person and Persons that shall seize or stay any of the said Silks, or prosecute any of the Offences or Offenders against this or any other Act relating to Alamodes or Lustrings, may lay his or their Information or Action, and try the same, in such Place or Places, and use such and the like Method and Course of Proceedings, in prosecuting and condemning of the said Siiks, as are, have been, or may be used in or about the seizing, condemning, or prosecuting of any Goods or Commodities for Nonpayment of Customs or other Duties, or any Person or Persons for offending against any of the Laws or Statutes relating to the Customs.

X. And for the avoiding of Fraud and Delay in prosecuting to Condemnation such Siiks seized as afore \ by entering vexatious Claims thereto, Be it further enacted, That before any Person or Persons shall be admitted to enter a Claim to any of the said Silks, he, she, or they shall be obliged to give good and fuf the Penalties, ficient Security by Recognisance, to be entered into before one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or same Judge of the Court where such Claim shall be entered, to answer and pay the Penalties and for C L Jn2' feitures incurred by virtue of this at, with full Costs of Suit, if, upon a Trial or other Determination in cyarr.en a') on law, a Verdict shall pass, or Judgement shall be'en'tred, for the Plaintiff; and in case Default shall be in !y to give seca giving such Security within the Time limited by the Rules of the Court fer entering Claims, 'then the said my Cr the Goods shall he adjudged forfeited, and Judgement entered accordingly. /° d^defisult

XL. And for the preventing of Disputes touching this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority afore gco&tforfc^cd, said, That the same, and evety Clause and Thing therein contained, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a general Law; and that it shall and may be lawful to show or set forth. the same, or any Clause General al thereof in Pleading; and that the same and all and every Clause therein contained, shall be construed moil largely and beneficially for the Advantage of the Prosecutor, and for the preventing of all the Mischiefs and Abuses herein provided against; and further. That if any Person or Persons shall be fried, molested, or prosecuted for anything dene by virtue and in purftiance of this Act, such Person. and Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence J and if afterwards a Person sued may Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall discontinue his Action, or be non plea<tfl.tlle Gene' suited, or Judgement shall be given against him upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or de ra "Le' fendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff, Treble coss.

XII. Provided always, That all Informations, Actions, and Suits to be brought by any Informer for any Action to bi. Offence against tiffs Act, 'shall be brought and commenced within two Years after the Offence committed; brought in two any former Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. _ \ ear after Qj

XIII. And whereas the King's rndfl: Excellent Majesty, together with the late Queen (of blessed Me encecoirmlu'*C morv) by their Letters Patents or Charter under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the fifteenth e of uslober in the fourth Year of their said Majesties Reign, reciting or taking Notice, that several Persons therein named did obtain the late King James' the second's Letters Patents, bearing Date the e three and twentieth Day of November in the fourth Year of His Reign, for the sole Use, Exercise

Benefit of a new Invention of making, dressing, and luftrating of Silks, called plain Black Alamodes Renforcez, and Lustrings, for the Term of fourteen Years from the Day of the Date of the said Letters Patents, their said Majesties did, for the encouraging so commendable an Undertaking, give, grant, constitute, declare, and appoint Thomas Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, and several other Persons in the said Charter mentioned and contained, and such others as should be admitted into their Society, to be

from thenceforth one Body Corporate and Politic, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of The Royal Lushing Company, for making and dressing of Alamodes, Renforcez, and Lustrings in England., and by that Name to have perpetual Succession; and clivers and sundry Privileges, Liberties, Powers, and Authorities, with other Matters and Things in the said Charter of Incorporation mentioned and expressed,

£ were thereby granted to, and veiled in, the said Company, and their Successors, in such Sort, Manner,

and Form, as in and by the said Charter, or Letters Patents, or Inrollment thereof, is mentioned and expressed, and as thereby it more fully appears: And fornfmuch as the said Company have with great La ' hour and Charges brought the said Manufacture to Perfection, but by reason of the fraudulent importa tion of Alamodes and Lustrings by diverse Persons, more regarding their own Interest, than the Wcl tare of England, their Duty to the King, and Obedience to the Laws of the Land, the said Company have not enjoyed the Benefit and Advantage intended them in and by the said Charter, but wasted their Time and ' Stock, in contesting with many Difficulties and Obstructions, which they have met with finee the grant

thereof: And it appearing that the said Manufacture cannot he so well carried on, and secured to this Kingdom, by any other Means, as by establishing a Company to carry on the same; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Company, and their Successors, shall and may at Leftring

all Times from henceforth Hand, continue, and be a Body Politic and Corporate in Deed and in Name, Cogignyyiid by the Name of The Royal La firing Company; and that the said Company, and their Successors, shall and ors.

may have, do, use, exercise, and enjoy all and singular the Liberties, 'Privileges, Powers, Authorities, Corpoiace, C

Matters, and Things in the said Letters Patents, or Charter of Incorporation, mentioned to be granted to and enjoy all them, as amply, fully, and largely, to all Intents, construtsiions, and Purposes, as if the same were Word Liberties, pri for Word recited and set down at large in this present Act. v.ieges, C

0 nr xt ta 1 mentioned in the

4^2 XIV and lekerspiteiir,

Company to have the ible Use one Benefit of making ala modes, C for fourteen Veais.

Company may import 17 Bails of Silk from Amfttrdam3 paying the Duties.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Royal Lustring Company, and their successors, shall and may have and enjoy the l'ole Use, Exercise, and Benefit of making, dressing, and luftrating of plain Black Alamodes, Renforcez, and Lustrings, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for and during the Term of fourteen Years, to be reckoned and accounted from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament; anything in the said Letters Patents made and granted by the said late King James, or in the said Letters Patents, or Charter of Incorporation, made and granted by His present Majesty and the said late Queen, or any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And whereas the said Royal Lustring Company have seventeen Bails of Fine Italian Thrown Silk

in Amsterdam, which were brought thither over Land before the Conclusion of the Peace, and were de signea to be imported into this Kingdom, to be used in the Ivlanufadure of Alamodes and Lustrings; ' but by reason of several Difficulties and Obstructions, which the said Company have met with in the said

Manufacture, the said Silk could not be imported within the Time limited by Law for the Importation thereof be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to import into this Kingdom the aforesaid seventeen Bails of Silk, at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September next, they paying the Duties to His Majesty, which by Law are to be paid for the same; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Farther Prtrvijiom relating hereto, J Ann, C 20. 6 Ann. C 19. S Geo. 1. c. 15.9 Geo. if C 8. 1 Geo. 2. c. 17, 23 Geo. 2. c. 9, S' so. 26 Geo. 2. c. 21.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Kate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

For the further Continual ce of the east-india Company, see 6 Ann 20, 0.17. ao Anns, C 28. 5 Geo. 1. C ai. 7 Geo. 1. fiat. 1. C 21.9 Geo. 1. c. 26.' 3 Geo. 2. c. 14.

These Duties on Salt were repealed by 3 Geo.

An additional Duty of 5d. per Gallon on Salt imported, from 3 July 1698. to 25 decern.16c, 9.

and 7 d. per Gallon from 24 December 1699. for ever.

For home made Salt, from 1 July 1698. to 25 deeem.1699. 2 d. Halfpery per Gall n,

and from 24 Dec; m. 1 699. 3d. Halfpenny per Gallon for ever.

Subject nevertheless to Redemption.

See 6 Anna?, C j7. §. 5. Duty on foreign Salt to be paid by Importer. Imported Salt landed before Sfitry, C for

WE Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, considering Your majesty's extraordinary Occasions, and being desirous to supply the same in such Manner, as may be least grievous to Your majesty's Subjects, do humbly present Your Majesty with the further Gift of the Impositions, Rates, and Duties, herein after mentioned; and do beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for Salt, the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned (over and above all other Duties already payable for the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this Time made and now in Force that is to say,

2. C 20. i, but revived for other Uses by 5 Geo. 2. c. 6.'

II. For every Gallon of Salt, that from and after the first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the five and twentieth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of five Pence of lawful English Money, to be paid by the Importer and Importers thereof, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

III. And for every Gallon of Salt, that from and after the four and twentieth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, and in all Times coming from thenceforth forever, shall be imported, as aforesaid, there shall be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, as a perpetual Duty, the Sum of seven Pence of like Money, to be paid by the importer and Importers thereof, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

IV. And for every Gallon of Salt and Rock Salt, that from 2nd after the said first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the five and twentieth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall be made at the Salt Works, or taken out of any Salt Pit or Pits within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or old or delivered from the same, there shall be paid to His Majesty the Sum of twopence halfpenny of like Money, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

V. And for every Gallon of Salt and Rock Salt, that from and after the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, and in all Times coming from thenceforth for ever, hall be made at the Salt Works, or be taken out of any Pit or Pits within the Kingdom, Dominion, or Town aforesaid, there shall be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, as a perpetual Duty, the Sum of threepence Halfpenny of like Money, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; which said Duties upon Salt, hereby granted, shall nevertheless be subject to such Condition and Power of Redemption as are hereafter in this Act contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties hereby seton all foreign and imported Salt, ball be from time to time satisfied and paid by the Merchant or Merchants, Importer or Importers of the same, in ready Money, upon his or their Entry or Entries made, and before the Landing thereof; and that in case any foreign or imported Salt shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel from beyond the Seas, before due Entry be made thereof, with the Collector or Officer appointed or to be appointed for the said Duties on Sale, in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported.

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III

C 44.

25

ported, or before the Duties hereby imposed be fully satisfied and paid, or without a Warrant for the land frucd, and also ing or delivering of such imported Salt, first signed by the Hand of the said Collector or Officer for the said, percu: lk1, Duty on Salt, in the said Fort and Place respectively, that all such imported Salt as shall be landed, put 011 Shore, and delivered contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, or the Value thereof, and also ten Shillings for every buflici of such Salt so landed, put on Shore or delivered, and foin Proportion for any 'n

greater or lesser Quantity, shall be forfeited and lost; nevertheless, that all and every Person and Persons payment" importing any Salt into this Kingdom, for which the aforesaid Duties are payable by this Act, shall have Ami 10l. per six Months Time for the Payment thereof, from the Time of the Importation, giving Security to the Person Cent, for rc..d> appointed to collect the same; and in case such Importer shall pay ready Money, he shall have after the Money.

Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum out of the said Duties abated him. lord to 9

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties on Salt shall, from Months by 5

time to time, forever, be within the Receipt, Management and Government of the Chief Commissioners Anna, C io. and Governors of the Receipt of Excise for the time being; and that all Collectors and other Officers northeast §5/ ceftary for the ascertaining, collecting or receiving of the said Duties upon Salt, shall be constituted and duties to be ma appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners and Governors of the Receipt of Excise for; j'

the time being, 01 the major Part of them; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, con Excite.

cerning the said Duties upon Salt, shall be sued for, recovered, levied and received, or mitigated, by the 1 Ann. <1. 1.

same Means, Rules, Ways and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is to be sued for or recovered, as is C» §25-

mentioned, expressed, or directed to be recovered in and by one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards 12 Car. 2. C 24,

and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and settling a Revenue on H s

Majesty in.lieu thereof or by any other Law or Statute now in Force relating to the Revenue of Excise, and

that as fully and amply to all Intents, as if the several Clauses in the said Acts or any of them contained

were herein re enacted or repeated.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Makers and Proprietors of Salt and Rock Salt, within the Kingdom Makers and of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall from time to time make true Entries with the said Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, some or one of them, of the Quantities of Salt true En, ri "s so by them made or taken out of any Pit or Pits, and delivered or imported as aforesaid; shall likewise w; th Officers, have a Warrant or Ticket under the Hand and Seal of some one of the said Officers, impowering such

Maker or Proprietor of Salt to carry away the same, before such Time as the said Salt made or taken out of any Pit or Pits, within any the Places aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be removed or carried from the respective Salt Works or Pits, under the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; which said Warrant the said Officers are hereby required to give gratis, and without Delay, unto the said Makers or Proprietors of such Salt, upon Payment or giving Security for the Payment of the Duties hereby granted And have six within six Months after such Entry made; which Security the said Commissioners and Officers are hereby Months for pay authorised and required to accept upon such Entry as aforesaid. ment'

IX. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons, at the Time of the Entry and Delivery of his or an Allow

their Salt, shall pay down the Duty hereby imposed, such Person or Persons shall be allowed at the Rate f cem°vr°anrer ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for the same. forready Mox.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for the said Offi nsy.

cers so appointed, to seize all such Salt, which shall from and after the said first Day of July one thousand Officers may six hundred ninety-eight, be conveying or conveyed by Day or by Night, either by Land or by Water, be seize Salt con fore due Entry be made of such Salt, without Warrant, Ticket or Licence, obtained from the Commission^so^ent^ ners of the said Duties upon Salt granted by this Act, their Collectors or Officers, or same or one of them me'^c nuy as aforesaid, for the conveying or carrying the said Salt; and the Salt that shall be so seized shall be brought to the Office appointed for the same Duties, next adjoining to the Place where such Salt shall be so seized, there to be detained and kept; and in case the Salt so seized, shall not be claimed by the true and lawful

Owner thereof, or by one deputed under his or their Hand, within ten Days after Seizure, the said Salt be for

shall be absolutely forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and shall be sold the next General feited and fold, " Day of Sale to be appointed by the Commissioners, or their Officers respectively, after the said Days are expired; the one Moiety or Half Part of the Proceed thereof (all necessary Charges being first deducted out of the whole) to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, Plis Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety or Half Part to be paid to the Party or Parties who seized the same; and in case such Salt so seized shall be And if claimed claimed within ten Days by the true and lawful Owner thereof, or by one deputed thereunto under his without Proof Hand, and if the said Owner or Claimer shall nevertheless neglect or refuse to make it appear before the next Justice of the Peace of the County where such Seizure shall be made, by the Oath of one or more jul^tred^to credible Witnesses (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer) that the said Salt so be forfeited', seized was or had been duly entered, and a Warrant, Ticket or Licence obtained for the carrying and conveying the same as aforesaid, that then the said Salt shall likewise be forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And every Person who shall carry or convey, or cause any Salt to be carried and conveyed. Penalty on per before due Entry made, and Warrant or Licence obtained as aforesaid, shall likewise forfeit to His Majesty, fons carrying Plis Heirs and Successors, double the Value, and also ten Shillings per Buftiel, and after that Rate, of and away Salt before for such Salt so carried and conveyed. entr>r nude

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Retailer or shopkeeper shall be permitted to ship any Salt, to Oath to be made, be sent to any Port or Place within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Beriuick that Duty is paid upon Tweed, before he hath made it appear by' Oath, or otherwise, before tb Commissioners for collecting so^sahte*16* of the said Duties granted by this Act, or their Officers, or some or ore of thqm (which Oath they have feypped. C hereby Power to administer) that the Duty of such Salt is paid or secured to be paid, or that it was bought

of some other Retailer or shopkeeper that hath paid the Duty.

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III

A.D. 1698.

Master of Ship tu deliver Particular to C L leflor on Oath.

<vprovisions for Boats, C car rying Salt to be xeihipped by 5 Geo. r. C i.

*> r o' J

"No See to be 4aken for Debentures, C

Allowances to be made for Fish exported, viz.

For every Calk of Pilchards or Scads, C 2s s.

White Herring, 5 s, iod. per Barrel,

Red Herring,

4 s. sd.

Salmon, 11 s.

Sd.

Codfilh, Ling, or Hake, 35 s. per 100.

Dried Red Sprats, 6s. Sd. rer La ft.

To be paid in the Port from whence ex jporttd.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every mailer and Commander of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, that from and after the said sir ft Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, shall transport or carry any Salt, or Rock Salt, from one Port to another within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of berwick upon Tvjeed, shall, before he or they have any Warrant for the landing or delivering of such Salt (by him transported and carried on Shore in any Port) deliver to the Officers for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act, in the said Port appointed to receive the same, a true Particular of the Quantity so transported and carried as aforesaid, signed by the Officers for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act, and by the Officers of the Customs, of the Port from whence the said Ship or Vessel came; and then the Mailer or his Mate, or the Boatswain of such Ship or Vessel, shall make Oath before the Commissioners fer collecting the said Duties granted by this Act, or their Officers, or some or one of them (who are hereby empowered to administer the same) that to his Knowledge there hath not been laid on Board, or taken into the said Ship or Vessel, any Salt since he or they came from such Port as aforesaid: And in case such Ship or Vessel be to deliver one Part of her Salt at one Port, and another Part at another Port or Ports, that then the Officers for collecting the said Duties, and the Officers of the Customs, when such Part of the said Salt shall be delivered, shall certify on the Backside of the Cocauet,

1tranfirc, or other Warrant, or else by Certificate alone, under the Hands and Seals of the Officers, how much, and what Quantity of the Salt mentioned in the Cocquet, Tranjtre, or other Warrant, from the Port from whence such Ship and Vessel came, hath been there landed and delivered,; upon the Penalty of forfeiting double the Value of the Salt that shall be otherwise delivered, and likewise ten Shillings per Bushel, and after that Rate as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no See or Reward be had or taken for making, issuing or granting any Debentures, 1 ickets. Warrants, or Licences, concerning the Duties upon Salt, but that the same be made, blued, and granted gratis, and without Delay.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all such Fish hereafter mentioned, as shall be exported from any Port or Place in this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, into Parts beyond the Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Rates or Sums of Money hereafter expressed, shall by virtue of this Act be allowed and paid (over and above the Allowances for Fish by any former Acts row in being) that is to say,

XV. For every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, containing fifty Gallons, which shall be exported after the said first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the five and twentieth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Sum of twenty Shillings: And for every such Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, which shall be so exported after the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, at any Time or Times whatsoever; the Sum of eight and twenty Shillings, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity.

XVI. For every Barrel of White Herrings, which shall be exported after the said first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Sum of four Shillings and twopence: And for every such Barrel of White Herring, which shall be so exported, at any Time or Times after the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Sum of five Shillings and ten Pence, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity of White Herrings.

XVII. For every Barrel of Red Herring, which shall be exported after the said first Day of one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, the Sum of three Shillings and fourpence: And for every Barrel of Red Pierring, which shall be exported at any Time or Times after the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Sum of four Shillings and eight Pence, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity of Red Herrings.

XVIII. For every Barrel of Salmon, which shall be exported after the said first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, the Sum of eight Shillings and four Fence: And for every Barrel of Salmon, which shall be exported at any Time or Times, after the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, the Sum of eleven Shillings and eight Pence, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity of Salmon.

XIX. And for every Hundred of Codfish, Ling, or Hake, which shall be exported after the said first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety eighr, and before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, the Sum of five and twenty Shillings: And for every Hundred of Cot fish. Ling, or Flake, which shall be exported at any Time or Times, after the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, the Sum of five and thirty Shillings, and so propor tior.ably for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

XX. For every Last of dried Red Sprats, which shall be exported after the said first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, the Sum of six Shillings and eight Pence, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity.

XXI. Which Allowances by this Act shall be paid by the Officer appointed to collect the Duties upon Salt payable by this Act, in the same Port from whence any such Fish shall be exported, within thirty Days after Demand thereof, on a Debenture to be prepared b}r the Collector of the Customs, in the Port where such Fish shall be entered out for Exportation, and verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Fish actually shipped; that the Oath of the Exporter or Agent be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port, before the Debenture he allowed, who are hereby required and empowered to give the said Oath, that the Fish in such Debenture mentioned were english taken, and really exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not intended to be relanded in England, Wales,

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo Gu lielmi IIL C 44. 727

or Berwick, for which Debenture no See or Reward hall betaken. And in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such Debenture, hall not have Efficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, then upon Certificate thereof by him made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the Party gratis, and without Delay) the principal Commissioners for managing the Revenue of Excise of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the time being, shall be chargeable with the said Payment, to be made in Course out of the six ft Money in their Hands arising out of the said Duties upon Salt; and any Officer neglecting or refilling to pay the said Money, or to give such Certificate, as is here directed, shall forfeit double the Sum so to be paid to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Oncers to oo shall export beyond the Seas, any Salt, as well Foreign as englijj), or any Rock salt, the Officer of the iv'"j. Ceriifitatej Place where the said Salt was made, taken out of Pits, or imported, and the Duty thereof paid or secured

to be paid, shall, upon Demand, deliver gratis, and without Delay, a Certificate under his Hand and Seal, annx, "c. 3i4. that the Duty imposed by this Act on such Salt, hath been duly paid or secured to be paid; and then the §9. this isde officer of the Place where the Salt is exported, upon producing the said Certificate, and Oath made of £ljrc, J extend shipping off the said Salt, and of its not being relanded in England or I Vales, shall give a Debenture under to sc tl* '

his Hand, without Delay, See, or Reward, for Repayment of the said Duty; which being produed to the tu )ot In J Officer of the Place where the Duty on the said Salt shall have been paid or secured to be paid, such Security shall be discharged, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money, paid for the Duty of the said Salt byr this act, shall be repaid, upon Demand, by the said Officer without Fee or Reward.'

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Salt imported or brought by Sea or Land into sar not maje in 1 the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and not of the Product ^betv ick f"'of any of the said Places, shall be adjudged and deemed to be Foreign Salt imported, and shall be charged^as'foreign.

as such with the higher Duties by this act charged upon Salt imported; and that all Scotch Salt brought scotch Salt to be into England by Land shall be entered at Carlisle or Berwick, with the Officer or Officers for that Purpose entered atcaiillla thereto be appointed, under the Penalty or Forfeiture of double the Value of, and after the Rate of ten or Berwick. Shillings per Bushel for, such Salt so brought in.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or Persons fued on

prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they shall or this Act may may plead the General lifue, and give this Act in Evidence for his Defence; and if upon 'a Trial a Verdict "

shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuit, discontinue, or forbear "'1

prosecuting the said Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them"

awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Costs he shall have fifeh Remedy, as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution No writ of Cer or other Proceedings upon any Order or Orders made by the said Chief Commissioners or Justices of the tiorari tofujct peace, concerning the said Duties upon Salt, in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs or Allowance thereof m; fl i0nersj notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no Salt shall be delivered from any Salt Works or Pits, without Notice

first given to the Officer appointed for that Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting of the Salt so delivered, outviotic^ivta 1 and after the Rate of ten Shillings per Bushel for the same, to be recovered from the Owner or Owners of to Officer, C the Salt Works or Pits, where such Salt shall be so delivered; the one Moiety or half part of which For Penalty, feitures to be to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety or half part to the Use of His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Salt, for which the Sat" "

shall have been repaid or discharged upon the Exportation thereof, as is herein before directed, flail after Duty has (by Fraud or otherwise) be landed in England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, be been repai.!, before the Duty be again, paid, and such Entry, and all other Things performed, as are herein before required, fore the Duty bs s in case where any Foreign Salt is imported, every Person so offending shall forfeit double the Value (and asa'r yafo. after the Rate of ten Shillings per Bushel) of such Salt so landed, and such other Penalties and Forfeitures

as are herein infiifted upon any Person, who Flail land any Foreign Salt contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person, Allowance to being a Subject of this Realm of England, flail fiiip any Salt, or roek salt, that shall have paid the Duty Subjects of Eng. to His Majesty - Heirs or Successors, by this Act imposed, to convey it by Sea to any Part of England, Sau nhidre and the vessell on which such Salt as aforesaid is fnipped shall cither perish at Sea, or be taken by Enemies riaeil atsea, C such Salt on board her, that in such Case any Merchant or Person, Owner of the said Salt, halt, upon

Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter sessions held for the County, Riding, Division, or Town, wherein he doth inhabit, of the Loss of such Salt so fnipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them; and upon producing the said Certificate to any of the Officers appointed to collect the Duty by this Act imposed, the said Officer or Officers are hereby required to lt such Persons buy the like Quantity of Salt, as is expressed in the Certificate to be lost, without paying to His Majesty, Plis Heirs or Successors, any Duty or Excise for the same; anything in this Act contained '* to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners and Proprietors Salt after Entry u of any Salt rock or Rock salt, to remove and carry out of and from the Pits or Warehouses adjoining to may be removed or belonging to such Pits, into his or their own Warehouses, or other Places for storing thereof, for Conveniency of selling or shipping off the same, any of the said Salt rock or Rock salt, after due Entry made

thereof, and a Warrant or Ticket taken for the same, from the Officer next to such salt pits; which

War

728 C 44,

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III

Central before 25 Dec. 1698* void.

Exception

Rock salt to be entered by Weight.

120lb. wt. to a Buflicl.

Refiners of Rock salt, to have an additional Abatement of 2 s, d, per Bushel*

Charge of Management to be paid out of the Duties

What Salt is intended to be charged.

All Salt (except Rock salt) to be ascertained at 561b. wt. to the Bushel.

Scotch Salt, and all imported Salt, landed before due Entry, forfeited, C

Coliediors to provide Scales at every salt work.

Officers to deliver as many Warrants or permits to Sale Carriers as they desire, gratis.

6 lb. wt. a iuflttlofsalt.

A.D. 1698.

Warrant or Ticket the said Officer is hereby required upon Demand to give without Fee or Reward, as aforesaid; and that the said Owners or Proprietors shall not be obliged to pay or secure the Payment of the said Duty, until such Time as the said Salt rock or Rock salt shall be sold and delivered as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be obliged, by virtue of any Contrail made at any Time before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to deliver any Salt or Rock salt, unless the Person who is to receive the same, shall, before or at the Time of Delivery of the same by such Contrail, pay to the Seller thereof such Sum or Sums as he shall have paid, or secured to pay, for so much of the Duties thereupon as are imposed by virtue of this Act.

C And whereas Salt rock, or Rock salt, taken out of Pits in such great Lumps that cannot be meal sured without breaking the same to Powder, would be great Loss to the Proprietors thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted, That all Salt rock or Rock salt, taken out of Pits, shall be entered by Weight only; and that one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight thereof shall be deemed and taken to be a Winchester Bushel, of eight Gallons Winchester Measure, and shall be entered, rated, and taxed accordingly.

XXXI. And to the Intent that Salt made by melting and refining of Rock salt may not, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he charged more than other English Salt; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Rock salt shall Be melted and refined, which had before paid the Duty imposed by this Act, according to the Direction of the same, the Person who shall make such Salt by refining, shall (over and above his Allowance by any former Ail) receive, by virtue of this Act, an Allowance and Abatement of the Duty on the Salt by him so made, after the Rate and Proportion of two Shillings and fourpence for every Bushel of such Rock salt, so melted and refined, which had paid the Duty, as aforesaid, and being weighed in the Presence of the Officer before melted down, and Oath being first made before some Justice of the Peace, near adjoining to such saltworks, of the particular Quantities of the said Rock salt so by him employed in making the said Salt by refining, which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered to administer, and upon due Proof, by Oath or otherwise, made of the Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or to or for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, out of the said Duties arising upon Salt by this Act, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from time to time, for Salaries or aether incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the same Duties upon Salt; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Salt made from Rock salt (allowing the Drawback for the same, as in this Act is mentioned) and all refined Salt, or Salt made from Salt, either imported or made in England, is and is intended to be charged and chargeable with the said Duties by this Act granted; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And to the end the said Duties upon Salt may be equally paid, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Salt at all saltworks and salt pits Rock salt excepted) shall be ascertained, as to the Payment of the said Duty by this Act, at the Rate of fifty six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and no more.

XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Salt, whether brought from Scotland by Land, and also all imported Salt, whether the same be of the Product or Manufacture of this Kingdom, or of the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, brought in, landed, or put on Shore, before due Entry made with the Officers appointed to receive the same, and Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed shall be forfeited, and after the Rate of ten Shillings per Bushel for such Salt, to be recovered from the Offender (to wit) one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that shall or will seize, inform, or fuc for the same; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And for the better ascertaining the said Duties on Salt, according to the Bushel of fifty six Pounds Weight, herein before declared, in all Parts and Places where any salt work or salt pit is or shall be; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector or Officer, appointed to receive and collect the said Duties upon Salt, shall provide, at every such salt work or salt pit, a sufficient Beam, Scale, and Weights or Stileard, and shall have Liberty to fix the same in some convenient Place in or about such salt work, or salt pit, for the weighing all Salt that shall be delivered from such salt work or salt pit; and that one or more Person or Persons (as Occasion shall require) living in or near such salt work or salt pit, shall be admitted and sworn to the due and true weighing all Salt from thence to be delivered, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace near adjoining (which Oath he or they are hereby empowered to administer) without Fee or Reward; and such Weigher and Weighers shall be satisfied and paid for their Pains in weighing such Salt by the said Collector or Officer for the said Duties.

XXXVII. And whereas the Carriers of Salt do frequently load several Horses with Salt at oqe Salt work, and at one Time for which they have had but one Warrant or Permit, and are often obliged, for convenient Carriage of the said Salt to several Places, to separate the said Horses, and to drive them several Roads, by which Means some of the said Salt may be liable to seizurefor the Prevention therefore of such Inconveniences to the said Carriers, it is hereby enacted, and the said Officers are hereby strictly charged and required to deliver gratis, and without Delay, such and so many several Warrants or Permits to each Carrier of Salt as he shall demand, for such several Horse ioads of Salt, as he shall load at one Time, and at one salt work.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons selling Salt made for Use (except foreign Salt) shall sell the same after the Rate of fifty fi Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and not otherwise, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; and that every Person offending therein,

ill all

C 44. 729

al and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Jitics and Places aforesaid, as I respective General Sessions of the Peace for the said several and respective Coun

shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds to the Informer, to be sued for and recovered in such Manner, as other Forfeitures by this Act are to be fired for and recovered.

XXXIX. And for the preventing of Exactions upon Sale of Salt in this Kingdom, and to have the Rates and Prices thereof ascertained; Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Leri n, of Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London shall and may [and are hereby required, in file lyipon, C 'i0 Court of Aldermen within the City of London, upon or before the tenth Day of jfufy in the Year of our pcf1, t'1', ., iiw.'Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight) set, ascertain, and publish in Writing, certain reasonable J a v

Rales and Frices upon all Salt, to be sold or exposed to Sale after the said tenth Day of July, in the City of niisut motu. London and Precincts thereof, and the Bills of Mortality; and that the respective Justices of the Peace for j.tv, and the the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities and Places, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion Ju'niec* of i'sjce of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall and may [and are hereby required, upon or before the in 01 ' fiiff Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, at the several and respective General Sessions of the Peace for the said several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace) set, ascertain, and duly publish in Writing, certain reasonable Rates and Prices upon all Salt to be sold or exposed to Sale, after the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, within the said several and respective Counties, Ridings,

Divisions, Cities and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace; and that the Lord mayoi of London, and the said Court of Aldermen in the Court of Aldermen, and that the said^respective Justices of the Peace or the several aforesaid, at the several and

ties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, and are hereby required from time to time (if needfary) at the several and respective General Sessions of the peece for the said several and respective Counties, Ridings, Diviuops, Cities and Places, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, by Writing duly made and published, alter and correct the Rates and Prices of all Salt to be sold and exposed to Sale in the said several and respective Places; which Rates and Prices which shall be so set, ascertained, altered and corrected, are hereby enacted and required to be observed, accepted, received and taken, by all and every Person and persons selling or exposing to Sale any Salt within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or i own of Berwick upon Tweed; and if any Person or Persons shall sell ar, y Salt at any higher Price or Rate, or refuse Penalty on Fet. to sell any Salt at the Prices and Rates aforesaid, such Person and Persons so offending, shall for every such n felllvat Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied out of the Goods and Chattels of such Often h'8berpri: es der or Offenders, by Distress and Sale thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Place or Places wherein such Offence shall be committed, or Distress shall he to be made: And in Default of sufficient Distress for the same, it shall and may be lawful, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal from the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or from any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to imprison the said Offender or Offenders, until such Offender or Offenders shall pay the said Sum of five Pounds; one Moiety of which Sum of five Pounds is hereby enacted to be paid to thcufeof our Sovereign Lord the King, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid to such Person or Persons as shall inform and prosecute for the same before the said Lord Mayor of London, or the said respective Justices as aforesaid

And whereas in and by one other Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for 9& JO w. 3,

' granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Pa C 25.

' per, several Rates, Impositions, Duties, Charges, and Sums of Money therein particularly expressed,

are to be paid for and upon such Matters and Things as are therein mentioned, for ever, but subject to such Power of Redemption, as in and by any other Act of this Session of Parliament wtas or should be < declared or provided concerning the same: And whereas it is thought reasonable for the Satisfaction, Re ' compence, and Encouragement of such Persons and Corporations (the Corporation of the Bank of England only excepted) as will voluntarily contribute and advance Moneys for or towards the raising the Sum ' of two Millions of Pounds Sterling, for the Supply of His Majesty's extraordinary Occasions, to settle and establish a good, sure, and lading Fund, out of which the said Persons and Corporations contributing or advancing Money as aforesaid, and their Executors, Administraters and assigns respectively, may have,

' receive and enjoy certain Annuities or yearly Payments, to be computed after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Moneys so by them to be contributed or advanced, and such special Benefit of Trade, and other Advantages as are hereafter in this Aftexprefied; subject nevertheless to such Power

of Redemption, as in this act is provided in that behalf be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners and Governors of the Revenue or Receipt of ths.dutles on Excise for the time being, at the head Office in London, from, time to time, shall separate and keep apart^by this

all and every the Si'"' ' - ' J

Rock salt, by this.

Excise by the Recei

the Chief Commissioners for marking and stamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or for managing the quer.

Duties thereupon for the time being, flail at their Head Office cause to be separated and kept apart in like 8 Ann. C 4. Manner, all and every the Moneys arising by the respective Rates and Duties granted by the Act before ^'axn2j C mentioned, for and upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, as the same shall from time to time arise or be s, Jx'c' " 3' paid into their Office: A, nd as well the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise, as the said commission11ers for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper respectively for the time being, are hereby required and strictly enjoined from time to time, for ever, to pay Weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not a Holiday, and if it be, then the next Day after that is not an Holiday, all and every the Moneys arising, as well by the several and respective' Rates and Duties hereby granted for or upon Salt and Rock salt, as the said several Duties gmnted or payable by the Act herein before mentioned, fer and

/ y

C. 44'*

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

Penalty on com mifinners not paying it duly into the Exchequer, C

Excise and

of Neglect.

Penalties oncol

upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper respectively, into the Receipt of the Exchequer of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, diffinft and apart from all other Moneys which the said Commissioners shall severally receive for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors. a Regider to be

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be, from time to time, for

kept thereof. ever, provided and kept in the Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, several

Books, in which all the Moneys which ought to be paid in Weekly as aforesaid, and which shall be brought into the same Receipt, shall be. entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors any Account whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners of Excise, or the said Commissioners for the Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper for the time being respectively, shall refuse or neglect to pay, or cause to be paid into the Exchequer, all or any the Sums appointed to be paid by them severally as aforesaid, in such Manner as they are respectively required by this Act, or shall divert or misapply any Part of the same, then they and every of them so offending, shall forfeit their several Offices and Places, and shall be incapable to serve His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Place of Profit or Trust whatsoever, and shall be liable to pay double the Value of all and every Sum and Sums of Money, so diverted or misapplied, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be intituled to any Annuity or Payment out of the Fund by this Act settled, and will sue for such Forfeiture by Action of

Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, founded upon this Act, in any Court of Record of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, wherein no Enoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance

shall be granted or allowed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Head Office of Excise, and the Stamp office to Chief Office for the said Duties upon vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall for ever be continued, with a t'mu'ed^withfuc ent Number, of Commissioners, and a Comptroller in either of them, for performing and executing Commissioners such Matters and Things as are by this Act enjoined to be done or performed by such Commissioners and and comptroiiers Comptrollers respectively, according to the true Meaning hereof.

of the said Du

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the respective Comptrollers in the said Offices for the time being, shall ties keepperfeft and distinct Accounts in Books fairly written, of all the monies which shall arise of or for the

kepd ffina to Duties upon Salt, and of or for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper respectively, as Accounts. the same shall from time to time arise or b'eraised; to which Books all Persons concerned shall have free Penalty in case Access at all seasonable Times without Fee or Charge; and if any such Comptroller as aforesaid, shall neglect his Duty therein, then he or they for such Offence shall forfeit his Office or Place, and be rendered incapable as aforesaid, and shall also forfeit the Bum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, intituled to any Annuity or Payment by this Act, and that will sue for the same as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Golleftor or Receiver of any the Duties by this Act grant jeftor detaining CD upon Salt, or Rock salt, or of any the further Duties granted by the Act before mentioned, for or upon Money, See. Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall detain all or any Part of the Moneys by him collected or received contrary to his Duty, then he or they for such Offence shall be dismissed from his Employment, and be charged with Interest for the same, after the Rate of twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum, and be liable to answer treble Damages to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, that shall be grieved by such Detention; and if any Collector or Receiver of any the said Duties upon Salt, Rock salt, Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall divert or misapply all or any Part of the Moneys by him collected or received, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then he or they for every or any such Offence shall be dismissed from his Employment, and rendered incapable to serve His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, and shall moreover forfeit double the Sum or Sums so by latin or them diverted or misapplied, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be intituled to any Annuity or Payment out of the Fund by this Act settled, and will sue for the same as aforesaid.

160, 0001. out of

XLVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Yearly and every Year, reckoning the first Year to begin from the nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, the full Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said several Duties, as well upon Salt, and Rock salt, by this Act granted, as upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, granted by the Act as aforesaid, and every of them, and to Be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, by Weekly or other Payments as aforesaid (in case the same Payments shall extend thereunto) shall be the whole and entire yearly Fund; and in case the said weekly or other Payments shall not amount to one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, then the said weekly Moneys or Payments, so far as the same will extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund, for and towards the answering and paying the several and respective Annuities or yearly Payments in this Act hereafter exp relied.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Sums of Money arising by the said several Duties upon Salt, ro k salt, Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as aforesaid, which shall be from time to time brought

into the Receipt of Exchequer, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to make up and complete the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, or the proportionable Part thereof, to be payable Appropriation of in respect of the Moneys which shall be actually advanced in pursuance of this Act, shall be appropriated, these additional set: apart, and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated for and towards the raising and making good of

uties, C year]y pund, or such proportionable Part of the same, and shall be issued and paid out of the said

Receipt of Exchequer, by the respective Officers of the same, without any Fee or Charge, and without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had, or obtained from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in that Behalf, and shall be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes in and by this Act expressed and in penalty on Of tended, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; that the respective Officers in the exche ficers of the quer, who hall make any Delay in issuing or paying the said Money to the said Uses by this Act intended, Exchequer not^or

and for mi (applying any Part thereof.

the said additional Duties, C to be the yearly Fund for answering Annuities of 81. percent, to the Subscribers of

2.003, 0 O 1.

See 10 Annie, C 28.

Weekly Payments not a mounting to so much, then to be Part of the said Fund, See,

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo guglielmi III C 44. 731

or shall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any of ther/aift Moneys! many other u.fc or Pnrpoic, xroutrary 'n'ui"5. r mif o.this Act, for any such offence shall be forejudged from theip sfitpeftiye iq.ftifesianff places, pncl. be reii lp "7' "J!: dred uncapable to serve.his Majesty, His Heirs and Successorsjhsraforesaidk, and alfq shall be ..fiabli', to pay ' L1'e' double the Value of any Sum or sums so delayed to be paid, or so jjiyerte.d orppifapplred, r aforesaid, to any Corporation, or other Person or Persons that shall be grieved, thereby, and whpftiail Cue for the Panic,

to be recovered as aforesaid'-- i!, ), ft

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall .aiv&. may be lawful.to and King may> for.his Majesty, by Commission under the Great Sc'dl of England, to authorise and appoint any Number ofk1' e, .'rnm'f" Persons to take and receive! all such, voluntary subscriptipo's, as shall benmde.on or before the said nine; and !'"n"sl!bfrnp. twentieth Day of September one thousand six hunched ninety eight, (by or for any Person, or Persons. tion° from my or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate (the Governor and company of the Bank of england only p«ifonr(er«f?t 1 fexeeptod) of any Sum of money whatsoever, .'noflless, than one hundred Ppupds, for and towards the; ri be P sing and: paying into the said Receipt of., Exchequer the.jsum of tyvo Millions: Which Commissionersi are

libreby ordered and di reftefl, 'as soon a s conveniently. they 'can, to provide and prepare oneo'r lqorc ebrive "'0 '! l0r'" inierithouse or hocifes within the Cities of London, and tveflmhifter, or one of them, to, lethe publick Oft V 1

flee <ot Place, Offices or Places, to which all or any Persons shall.o) may resort for the making of the said Subscriptions, and to give such publick notice thereof, as they.t'ne. said Commissioners, or any. five, or more of them, shall think will most conduce to the promoting the ft fld Subscriptions and th.a said commissioniiers for taking Subscriptions are hereby directed, as soon asconveniently may be, to provide, or cause to be provided, one or more Book or Books made of Vellum or Parchment, for the said Subscriptions to be made thereupon; which Book or Books shall from thenceforth lie open every Day in the Week '(Sunday only. excepted).'gt the said publick Office or Offices as aforesaid daily, and from the Hour of Eight to the Hour of Twelve in the Morning, and from the Hour of Two to the Hour of Six in the Afternoon of each Day,

until the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, 'unless the Subscriptions for the whole Sum of two Millions shall be sooner.compleated; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, (.by His Commission, aforesaid, 'to direct the commissione/s how and in what Manner they shall proceed to execute the same, in all Matters and Things, relating to this Service, and by a Cafticr to be the same Commission, or by Letters of Privy, Seal, or by any Iniftruinent under His: majesty's Royal Sign appointed. Manual to appoint from tirnejto time the said Commissioners, or any number of them, by themselves.or r., their Cashier or Cashiers !(.the said Cashier or Cashiers being first approved by His Majesty, under hig_royal Sign Manual, and giving Security to His Majesty for the due Performance of his or their Trull or Trusts) to receive for His Majesty's Use the several Payments, of the Moneys, which shall be so subscribed, to be paid by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, as aforesaid. i, J

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that during the time hereby.; limited for taking sumsf/npt left the said rsuhscriptions, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, native^7'and ll*n .')*Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, by and for themselves, or any of them, or by themselves, Pt any of them, in Trust for any other Person or Persons, Bodies politick and Corporate, or any of thejn ex cn ft. cept as aforesaid) freely to subscribe any Sum of Money (notless than one hundred Pounds) for or fowards the said Sum of two Millions; and all the Moneys so to be subscribed shall be answered and paid, by the and answered by respective Subscribers thereof, to such as shall be appointed to receive the same for His Majesty's use, 'intcn eu: l1 Pa') Manner following; that is to say, pne full tenth Part (the whole inten equal Parts to be divided) of everymentf'

Sum of Money so subscribed by or for any Person or Persons, or by or for anybody Politic or Corporate respectively, shall be paid by him or them to His Majest.y's. as aforesaid, at or before the Time of making each, Subscription respectively; and that one other tenth Part of every fumfotubscribed shall be paid, Each, subsequent in like Manner, at or before the End of two Months next after the Time hereby limited for the first Pay Payment to be ment, as aforesaid (which Time of two Months shall be reckoned to consist of sixty Days) and so onwards n

at the End of every such two Months successively, one full tenth Part of every Sum so subscribed shall be^jf^

paid to His Majesty's Use, as aforesaid, until the full Sum of every subscription shall be entirely cleared and paid off; nevertheless the last of the said Payments upon every Subscription, to be made as aforesaid, Last Payment shall be subject and liable to make good any Deficiency (if such should happen tole) which at' any Timellab'c to rrf or Times, before the Time hereby limited for making such last Payment os Payments, shall appear to be in t£c'

the Produce of the said Duties hereby granted or appropriated, for answering so much as before 'the said produccof the Time hereby limited for such last Payment or Payments, shall incur or grow due for or upon the yearly ftidduties. Fund by this Act settled or established, and so much out of the said laftrayments as shall lie sufficient to answer and make good such Deficiency (if any be) shall and may he defaulked, or otherwise applied to that Use, although His Majesty's Supply by this Act intended be thereby lessened; Matter or Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, whofirft Payment shall have subscribed as aforesaid, do not pay down the first tenth Part upon his or their Subscription, or atnot madeatthe the Time of making thereof, as aforesaid, then every such Subscription, without such Payment, shall betmteof fub utterly void and of none Effect; and if any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, who shall have 5fucl1 subscribed as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, having paid V "id'cr'1, lon to the King's Use any Part or Parts of the Sum or Sums so by him, her, or them subscribed, shall make subfequcntpay default in any of the subsequent Payments, which ought to be made by him, her, or them, upon such ments not com subscription respectively, then, and in every such Case, the first tenth Part paid down upon every such sub v! with the feription shall be forfeited and lost to His Majesty; and the respective Annuity or yearly Sum, which shall be payable out of the said Fund, for or in respect of such Subscription, after the Rate of eight Pounds per and t; le annui ty Centum per Annum, shall be reduced, lessened, or proportioned, according to the Money actually paid to His reduced accord majesty's Use upon every such Subscription respectively, after an Abatement or Deduction shall be made ofing to the mo the first tenth Part, to be forfeited, as aforesaid. And to the end the said Subscription Moneys so to be pay nc)'^aually

5 A 2'abv1, a'&c

732 C 44*

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 169s.

length, C and assessed.

Duplicates of

chequer. Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells. the said Duplicates.

able at several Days and Times, and by such Proportions, as aforesaid, may be the sooner made use of for the Supply of His Majesty's extraordinary Occasions, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any

three or more of them now being, or the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Com

inissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to cause Tallies of How Tallies of Alignment, or Tallies of Anticipation for the same, or any Part thereof, to be levied upon the Commis assignment or floners> Receiver or Receivers General, or Cashier, who shall be appointed or authorised to receive the same; maybe levied. and that an Interest not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be annexed to, attend The said Tallies and go along with the Principal Moneys contained in all and every such Talley and Tallies, to be paid every to bearan inte three Months out of such Subscription Moneys, from the Date of every such Talley, until Satisfaction of rest of 81. per the Principal thereupon, and that the Principal upon every such Talley shall be paid in Course, according Cent, per Ann. to the Date thereof respectively:

fabferibed

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, to be nominated to be written in by His Majesty for taking Subscriptions, as aforesaid, shall take Care that the Sums subscribed be written

vt ords at as wej| in Words at Length as in Figures; and that the Day of the Month and Year on which every Subscription

shall be made, be truly let and expressed against the same; and that the Subscriptions, so to be made from time to time, be attested under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the Commissioners who shall be present at the making of such Subscriptions; and that the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, do, without Delay, after the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, or after the said Subscriptions for the said two Millions shall be completed (which shall first happen) make, or cause to be made, true Duplicates or Copies, fairly written in Parchment, of the thesubscriptions fajj whole Book or Books of Subscriptions, and deliver the said Duplicate or Duplicates of the said Book or Snathe Ex Looks, attested by five or more of the said Commissioners, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt in the Exchequer, before the twentieth Day of osiober one thousand six hundred ninety-eight at farthest; and the said Auditor of the Receipt is hereby authorized and required forthwith to register or enrol, and the Cleric of the Pells in the said Receipt is hereby required forthwith to record, the said Duplicate or du jq k of the p]|cates, amongst the Registers or Records of their respective Offices, that soit may appear how much 5 b e8.'. < r shall have been subscribed, and by whom, and likewise how the said yearly Fund, or a proportionable Pare thereof, is to be issued and applied by virtue of this Act; and that every Person concerned shall have free All perfor.s to Access at all seasonable Times, and Liberty to view and peruse the said Register, 'Enrolment, or Record, have free Access without Fee or Charge; and that true Copies of such book or Books so enrolled and recorded, under there cd^il^the15' and Seals of the said Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells, shall be delivered by them

Books to bvde grat ts the said Commissioners, 'or any fiveormore of them, demanding the same, for the Benefit of the livered to the said Subscribers., .

Commissioners.; .; And it is hereby further enacted. Ordained, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every gratis. Person and lody Politic, who shall; as aforesaid, and be named or contained in the said book or

Subscriber to Books, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors, rand assigns respectively, 'shall have,

bavean Annuity receive, 'gng enjoy for ever, out of the Fund by this Act settled and provided, one Annuity or certain yearly 8 tper contte°f for the whole Sum by him, her, or them subscribed, according to the^rdte qr proportion of eight per Ann.'Pounds per Centum per Annum, that is to say, all and every Person and Persons, or Corporation, subseri bing one hundred Pounds, shall be intituled to an Annuity of eight pounds/>*r Annum out of the said Fund, To Commence and so proportionally for higher or larger Subscriptions; same Annuities or yearly Payments to com frommichael^merice front the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred mas 1693. and ninety-eight, and to be paid and payable at the four most usual Feasts in the Year; 'that is to say, the Feasts '"fal <iuartery' of the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Blcfied Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John First Payment. Baptist, and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even" and equal Portions: The first Payment thereof to be Subject never made at the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ one thousand six hundred ninety-eight; which said Annuities

demption

or lessening such Annuities, where Failure shall be made in foine of the Payments of the Subscription Money for the same.

ttrr. And so the further Encouragement of the said Subscribers, it is hereby also enacted, That every Person or Body Politic, subscribing and paying down one tenth Part of his or their Subscription Money,

as aforesaid, shall and may out of the same Defaulk and Recount, or shall be repaid (in Consideration of his or their Prompt Subscription and Payment) so much as an Allowance after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum doth amount unto, being computed upon his or their whole Subscription Money, from, the Day of making his or their Subscription and first Payment, until the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand six hundred ninety-eight.

LIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the respective Commissioners, or such a Number of them.

theless to re demp^'on, C

Allowance, to Fer Tonne. paying a'own.one tenth Tart of his Sub motion dr Prompt Payment, C

cdtdttvissioners

1 01 yearly Payments shah nevertheless be subject or liable to the Condition and Power of Rehereafter in this at expressed; to the Glause before in this Act contained, for reducing

or Cashier or Cashiers, who shall be authorised by His Majesty to receive all or any the said Payments money they le e upon the said Subscriptions, for His Majesty's Use, shall immediately, from time to time, give to the Persons

ce.ve, or Corporations paying the same a Receipt in Writing for the several Sums so received; and shall cause an

mdenter the Entry thereof to be made in a Book or Books, expressing the Day on which every Payment shall be made,

same, a C with the Names and proper Additions of those that make such Payments; and deliver a true Account,

Account thereof fajr]y written in Parchment, of nil the said Receipts, attested by five or more of the said Commissioners,

inthpaudivorcf Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, on or before the four and twentieth Day of the Receipt, See,

commissionu'rs

June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Treasurer, and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are of the Treasury hereby empowered and commanded, out of any of His Majesty's Treasure not appropriated by at of par (° issue Momes ]; alxient, to issue and pay such Sums as shall be necessary to be expended or laid out, as incident Charges in cltccfs the Execution of such Conyxuffioa.

A.D. 16gs. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III G. 44, 733

LV. Provided always, That any Persons yfo to be named Commissioners, may be Subscribers, and their Commissionen Subscriptions and Payments shall and may be received by the other Commissioners, or such of them' ashe Sljb* shall be appointed in that Behalf. fcrlbers

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesahi. That it shall and may be lawful for His King may incor' Majesty, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, to incorporate all and every the Person and the Sub- --

and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall Co subscribe, or for whom such fcr bers' Subscriptions shall be made, and upon whose Subscriptions the first tenth Part shall be paid as aforesaid, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, or by any other lawful Title, derived or to be derived from, by or under the said original Subscribers, of or towards the said sum oftwo Millions, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall have or be intituled to any Part, Share or Interest, of or in the yearly Fund by this Act settled as aforesaid, so long as they respectively shall have anyf such Part, Share, or Interest therein, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of thsgeneral Society intituled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for advancing a Sum not exceeding two Millions, for the Service of the Crown of England, and by that Name shall have perpetual Successlou, and a common Seal; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, purchase, receive, enjoy, possess and retain, to them and their Successors, Lands, Rents, Tenements and Hereditaments, of what Kind, Nature or Quality - soever, and also to sell, grant, demise, aliene or dispose of the same, and by the same name to sue and implead, be" ftied and impleaded, answer and be answered, in Courts of Record or any other Place whatsoever, and to do and execute all and singular other Matters and Things by the Name aforesaid, that to them shall or > may appertain to do; subject nevertheless to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption, and to such Re and Limitations, as are hereafter in this Act expressed.

LVII. And it is hereby declared, That the Sum total of all the said Subscriptiens: shall be, and be called, Sum total of ail The Principal Stock of the said General Society, and all and every Person and Persons, his and their Execu thlr Subscriptions tors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, according and in Proportion to the Sum or Sums by him, 'her The'princt at or them respectively subscribed, shall have, and be deemed to have an interest or Share in the said Princi stock of the pal Stock, and of and in the yearly Fund hereby settled. said corpomion.

LVIII and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Subscribers to His Majesty to empower all and every Person or Persons, who shall severally or respectively have subscribed e]e£t24tmfteec in the said Book or Books any Sum or Sums not less than five hundred Pounds, and shall have severally paid by of Bil^ one tenth Part of the Sum or Sums so by them subscribed, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to assemble and meet together at the Guildhall within the City of Londonat or upon the tenth Day. of ostober one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, or within twenty Days after the Subscription shall be completed (which shall first happen) then and there to elect and choose the first Trustees, to manage, govern, and direct the said General Society, and they, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall and may choose, by way of Balloting, out of the whole Number of Subscribers (whereof hone to have more than No Ekfiorth one Vote) four.and twenty Persons, each of which shall severally have subscribed, in their own Rights, have more than the Sum of two thousand Pounds at the least, who shall be the first Trustees of the said General Society; northeast, x2te which Elections shall severally be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, by way of Ballot as ^bferibe* o ol. aforesaid, and if they be equal, then by His Majesty's Commissioners for taking the said subscriptions, or at least in his' the major Part of them then present; which Persons so to be elected, shall afterwards be inserted in his 'own Right. majesty's Charter of Incorporation of the said General Society, as the first Trustees, for such Time, and Persons eiefteft with such Succession, and iuhjebl to such further Qualifications, as His Majesty in such Charter of Incor charter rf in poration shall be pleased to appoint; and that in such Charter such further Rules, Powers and Clauses (or ^rpontioni " carrying on the said Trade, anti pursuing the Ends and Intent of this Aclp shall and may be inserted, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case the whole Sum of two millions If two Millions shall not be subscribed as aforesaid, before the said nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall be in be nob^blc.fi the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, that then the subfclibers and Contributors for ts kivtonl -- and towards raising the said Sum of two Millions, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, a proportionable shall only have and receive so much, and such Part and Proportion of the said yearly Fund, as shall be after Part of the the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so respectively yearly fun subscribed.

LX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the granting of the said Letters Patents for Incor After Charter is: poration of the General Society as aforesaid, the said yearly Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand yearly

rounds as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be proportionable to the several Sum or Sums to be fub Sunyor "P'feribed as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid to the said General Society and their Successors, or to such fh^oms to 'be Treasurer or receiver-general, as they shall appoint by their Common Seal to receive the same; who pa; j to the ge finall from time to time have and receive the said Moneys, in Trust for the several and respective Members neral Society, of the said General Society, whether they be Bodies Politic or Natural, according to the Proportion of e. their several Shares and Interests in the General Stock

LXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said whole Sum of two Millions, If two Millions. or one Moiety, or any greater Part of the said Sum of two Millions, shall be subscribed as aforesaid, on or be fnbi cribed before the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, that then and 'f'1!1'" thctimc from thenceforth all and every the Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Cor b"

porate, by or for whom such Subscriptions shall be made, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies tiadetotho Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, or by any other lawful Indies Title derived or to be derived from, by or under the said original Subscribers, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall have or be intituled to any Part, Share or Interest, of and in the yearly Fund by this Act settled as aforesaid, and of and in a proportionable Part of the Principal Stock of the said General Society, so

734 c. 44.

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III. A.D. 1698.

None to trade for more than the Amount of his Stock.

Persons iatitleu to particular Shares in the Principal Stock, may be incorporated into a Company, to trade with a Joint Stock, C

by such proper Name as His Majesty itiall think fit,

After incorporating any such Company, the proportionable Part of the yearly Fund belonging to the Members thereof, is to be paid to the said Company, C

See 10 Anne, C 2s.

Payments thereof to be made at the Exchequer. Every Member of the General Society to take an Oath, C not to trade for more than by this Act is allowed.

Persons trading ksi Licence, to

long as they respectively hall continue to have any, Part, 'Share or Interest, therein, and all and every person and Persons, who for any Time shall be licensed by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to trade in the Stead of them, or any of them, shall and, lawfully may for ever hereafter, by themselves severally, or by such Factors, Agents or Servants, as theyj f^ye.ially shall, think fit to intrust, freely traffic and use the Trade of Merchandise, in such Places and by such Wdyj and passages, as are already frequented, found out, or discovered, or yjhich ..hereafter, shall be found.outfor discovered, and as they fq verally shall esteem and take to be fittest or best.for them, into and from the East Indies, in the Countries and Parts of Asia and Africa, and into and from the Islands, Ports, Havens, 'Cities, Creeks, towns.and Places of Asia, Africa, and America, or any of them, beyond the Cape of 'Bona Efperanoia, to the S freights of Magellan, where any Trade or Traffic of Merchandise is of may be used or had, and to and from every of them 5 which Trade, Traffic, '; or Merchandizing, '.shall be .'and is, by virtue of this at for ever limited and retrained, so and in such Manner, as that no Person or (csrpiara tion, hereby authorised to trade or traffic as aforesaid, hall in any one, Year (every Year to be reckqned^ from' the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight) fuceeurely, 'by^h'irn/or themselves. or by Persons licensed to.trade instead of them, or ally of them as aforesaid, or by their respective Factors, Agents, or Servants, ship, lade, put on Board, send or cause to be font, 'or design'to.send to or for the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits aforesaid, from england., or ariy other Country or Place whatsoever, any Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Coins, Bullion, qr.'.comrnoduies whatsoever, of greater Value than in this Acb, are expressed; that is, to say, the Person or persons7 ore Body Politic, who shall be intituled to any Annuity, or yearly Payment' of eight Pounds per Annum hnd consequently to a' Share of one hundred Pounds in the Principal Stock of the said General society, fob' every such stock or Share of one hundred Pounds, shall or may by himself, or themselvesj or' others as aforesaid, ship, 1 lade, put on Board, or cause to be sent yearly for the said East indies, or Parts within the Limits aforesaid, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Coins, Bullion, or other Commodities (being such as may lawfully be exported 6r sent thither) as shall amount in Value to the Suni of one hundred Pounds; and every Person and Corporation intituled to a larger Annuity out of the said yearly Fund, and in that Respect to a greater Share than one hundred Pounds in the said Principal Stock, hall and may, yearly ship and 'send to the East Indies, and other Parts within the Limits aforesaid, a proportionable Value in Goods, or other Things as aforesaid, after the said Rate of one hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds S tock.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said whole Sum'of two Millions, or one Moiety, or any greater Part thereof, shall be subscribed on or before the said nine, and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and all or any Corporations, or other Person or Persons, having particular Shares or Interests in the Principal Stock of the said General Society, or in proportionable Annuities, or yearly Payments Hiding out of the said yearly Fund, shall be willing and desirous to unite or join together such their several Shares and Interests, and to be incorporated so as. they may be able to manage their Trade (in Proportion to their.interests)'as a Company, and by k Joint Stock, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, to incorporate all such Persons and Corporations by such proper Name as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors shall think fit, to be one Company, with Power to manage and carry on their Trade to the East Indies, and other the Limits aforesaid, by a Joint Stock, and to have a perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and with Power to grant and take, sue and be sued, and to choose their own Managers or Directors, and Officers, from time to time, and such other Powers and Clauses as shall be necessary or requisite for the carrying on of such Trade, and sir all be reasonable for His Majesty to grant; nevertheless such Company, so to be created with Power to trade with a Joint Stock as aforesaid, shall be restrained to such Proportion of the Trade in Whole, as all the particular Members thereof would have been intituled to at the Rate before mentioned, in case such new Company were not made; and the Directors or Managers, and ocher Members of the same, shall be subject to such further Rules, Qualifications and Appointments, as His Majesty in their Charter shall think necessary or reasonable to be inserted.

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That after the incorporating of any such' Company to trade with a Joint Stock as aforesaid, the proportionable Part or Parts of the said yearly Fund issuing out of the Exchequer, and belonging to the Members of such new Company, shall from time to time (under the like Penalties, as aforesaid) be issued at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to such Compaur, or to such Treasurer or Treasurers, as shall be appointed under their Common Seal to receive the same, in Trust for the several and respective Members of such Company, according to their respective Proportions or Shares in the Joint or United Stock of such Company; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And that the Payment thereof shall and may be made weekly, or as fall as the said Duties shall produce Money into the Exchequer, for the same, so as by such weekly or other Payments the whole of the Annuities due to such Company at the End of any one Quarter be not exceeded.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who as a Member or Members of the said General Society, shall have Power to trade by or for himself, or themselves, and not in a Company, in such Measure or Proportion as aforesaid, before he or they shall be allowed to exercise or make Use of such Power, shall take a corporal Oath before two or more of the Trustees for the said General Society (who have hereby Power to administer the same) that such Members shall be faithful to the said General Society, and (according to the best of his or her Skill and under standing) give his or her Advice, Counsel, and Assistance, for the Support and good Government of the said Society, and that he or he will not at any Time or Times ship, lade, send, direct, or cause to be sent from England, or any other Country, to the East Indies, or other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, any Goods, Coins, or other Merchandizes of greater Value than such as he or she may lawfully send thither by this Act; and that all and every Person and Persons, who shall be licensed to trade, as aforesaid, before he or they shall be allowed to use or enjoy the Benefit of any such Licence, hall causes the same to be

A.D. 1698. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III. C 44. 735

entered or registered at large in the Books of the said General Society, and shall also take a corporal Oath, cn, er t, ie, r LI before two or more of the Trustees of the said General Society, that such Person trading by such Licence ce"ccs>

hall be faithful to the said General Society, and will not at any Time or Times hip, lade, send, direct, ^cean or cause to be sent, to the East Indies, or other Places within the Limits aforesaid, any Goods, Coins, or other Merchandizes of greater Value than what he or she may lawfully send thither by virtue of this Act; and that no Person or Persons, who shall be incorporated, or be a Member or Members of any Company No Member, or Corporation, having or that hall have Power to trade to the East Indies, and other the Parts within the o( °; hcr Limits aforesaid, by a Joint Stock, in pursuance of this Act, during such Time as he or they respectively shall continue a Member or Members of such Company or Corporation, hall trade otherwise than in the wife than in t!, C joint Stock of such Corporation, of which he of they are Members respectively; and every such Member joint stock or Members, before he or they shall be allowed to receive any Benefit, in or by such Corporation, or to thereof, do, or intermeddle in any of the Affairs of the same, hall take a corporal Oath before two or more of the Evcir Member, Trustees, or other Persons, who hall have the Direction of the Affairs of any such Company or Corpo Oathno tmtrade ration (who have hereby Power to administer the same) that he or fire shall be faithful to such Company to the indict, or Corporation, and (according to the best of his or her Skill and Understanding) give his or her Advice, con any pri counsel, and Assistance, for the Support and good Government of the said Company or Corporation; and vote Account, that he or fire, during his or her Continuance, in such Company or Corporation, will not at any Time or Times ship, lade, send, director cause to be sent from England, or any other Country, to the East Indies, or other parts.within the Limits aforesaid, for his or their private Accounts, any Goods, Coins, or other Merchandizes, contrary to this Act; and that no Person or Persons, that shall have the Order, Rule, Direction, or Management of the Voyages, or other Affairs of the said Company or Corporation, or that shall be intruded or employed to trade upon the Joint Stock, or for a Company, as aforesaid, shall be allowed to ship, or cause to be hipped, laded, or put on board, or to send or cause to be sent from the East Indies, or other Parts, within the Limits aforesaid, any Goods, Foreign Coins, or other Merchandizes whatsoever from England, or any other Country, until he or they respectively hall have taken a corporal Oath, before two or more of the Trustees, or other Directors or such Company, or before the Barons of the Exchequer for the time being, or some of them, that he or they respectively will be faithful to such Company or Corporation, and (according to the best of his or her Skill and Understanding) give his or her Advice,

Counsel, and Assistance, for the Support and good Government of the same, and that he or she, during his or her Continuance in such Company or Corporation, will not at any Time or Times, hip, lade, send, director cause to be sent from England, or any other Country for the East Indies, or other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, any Goods, Coins, or other Merchandizes, but such as he or be may lawfully send thither, for the Account of such Company, according to this Act.

LXV. Provided always, That such Persons as are known or commonly reputed to be Quakers, instead of Quakers may any Oath or Oaths by this Act prescribed, shall and may make a solemn Declaration in Writing to the Declaration*1 same Effect, and in the same Manner; and every such Declaration in Writing shall be of the same Vali CC ara lun' dity, as if he or they had taken a corporal Oath, as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons all persons whatsoever, that shall or may, in pursuance of this Act, trade or send, or cause to be sent any Goods, So trading in pur reign Coins, or other Merchandizes, for the East Indies, or other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, be fence of this sore such Goods, Foreign Coins, or other Merchandizes, or any of them (the Goods, Foreign Coins, or ^ec^'ds other Merchandizes of such Company as hall or may be erected, if any such be, to trade with a Joint thevvxport°&c! Stock, as aforesaid, only and always excepted) shall be hipped, laded, or put on board any Ship, or into

any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel for that Purpose, hall make, or cause to be made an Entry or Entries of the same, in a Book or Books for that Purpose, specifying in such Entry or Entries, the true and full Quantities, Kinds, and Values of all the Goods, Foreign Coins, or other Merchandizes so intended to be sent for the East Indies, or other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, from England, or from any other Country whatsoever, with the Name of the Ship, and of the Commander or Master thereof; to the end it persons con may be seen by Inspection of such Book or Books to which all Persons concerned hall have free Access at cerned may view all seasonable Times, without Fee or Charge) from time to time, whether such Traders do or do not send the Books, C more Goods, Coins, or Merchandizes in the said Trade than they respectively are allowed to send by this Act; and all and every such Person and Persons, upon such Entry or Entries made, from time to time, shall The said entries make and sign an Affirmation in Writing, in which he or they shall declare or affirm (upon the Oath or^solemn Declaration which he or they shall previously have taken or made, as aforesaid, in that Behalf) that u'x' c' such Entry or Entries do contain the true and full Value and Values of all the Goods, Coin, or Merchandizes, to be shipt by or for him or them on such Ship for that Voyage; all which Entries and Affirmations hall Entries and af be made before two or more of the Trustees for the General Society aforesaid, and in Books to be kept by firmations how them for that Purpose, until a Company with Power to trade upon a Joint Stock shall be erected, as to be made, aforesaid; after such Company shall be erected, then the same shall be made before two or more of the Directors or Managers of such Company, and in Books to be kept by them for that Purpose.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and General Society, for His Majesty, by His said Charter or Charters of Incorporation, to empower the said General Society, C may make and their Successors, and such Company as shall be erected to trade with a Joint Stock, as aforesaid, and bylaws, their Successors, or either of them severally, to make reasonable Laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Ordinances, from time to time, for the good Government of the said Trade to the East Indies, and other the Parts aforesaid, and of the Traders, Factors, Agents, Officers, and others concerned in the same, and to inflict reasonable Penalties and Punishments, by Imprisonments, Mulfts, Fines, or Amerciaments, for any Breach or Breaches thereof, and to levy such Mulfts, Fines, or Amerciaments to the Use of such General Society or Company respectively. 3

736 C 44-

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

Pcnilty on Per

LXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who are hereby required to t tonnes not making.ma^e such Entries and Affirmations as this Act directs, shall neglect so to do, or if any Goods, foreign true Entries, Coins, or other Merchandizes so entered, shall be of greater Value than shall be specified in such Entry or Entries, that then, and in every such Case, the Goods, foreign Coins, or other Merchandizes which shall be hipped or put on board any Ship or other vessel designed for the East Indies, or any other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, or into any Lighter, Boat, or other vessel, to be put upon any such Ship, for which no such Entry or Affirmation shall be made, or which shall be omitted therein, and the Effects and ijproceed of the same (wheresoever they shall be found) shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and double the Value thereof shall and may be sued for and recovered 2gainst the respective Offenders, and to be divided or distributed in such Manner and Form, as His Majesty by such Charter or Charters shall appoint.

no Company,

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Company or particular Person or Persons fa' s u" JC tc" who bave 2 Right, 'n pursuance of this Act, to trade to the East Indies, or other the Parts within the °rc 1 'that Limits aforesaid, shall be allowed to trade thither, until sufficient Security shall be first given (which the Commissioners of the Custorfis in England, or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to take, in the Name, and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and successors) that such Company, or particular Persons, shall cause all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, be laden by or for them, or any of them, or for their or any of their Accounts, in any Ship or Ships whatsoever, bound the Securities to from the said East Indies, or Parts within the Limits aforesaid, shall be brought (without breaking Bulk)

: be given, and to some Port of England or Wales, and there be unladen and put on Land (the Danger of the Seas, Ene

also breaking mies. Pirates, Constraints of Princes and Rulers, and Barratry of Seamen excepted) and in case there be

n C by any Difficulty or Dispute in the Acceptance of any such Security, such Difficulty and Dispute shall and

i*gco.3i". c. 8.', Tlay be determined by the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer, or any

given,

goojs laden in the Indies shall rbe brought to England, CC

e This Clause explained as to

Dilutes in Ac of them., according to his or their best Judgement and Discretion; that all Goods and Merchandizes, ceptance of Sc belonging to the Company to be erected, as aforesaid, or any other Traders to the East Indies, and which r: '±: r°be shall be impq^ed into England or Wales, as aforesaid, pursuant to this Act, shall by them respectively be sold openly and publicly by Inch of Candle, upon their respective Accounts, and not otherwise; upon Pain that the same, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, to wit, one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons that will seize, inform, or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by any such Commission, Charters, or Letters Patents, as aforesaid, under the Great Seal of England, to limit, direct, and appoint, how and in what Manner and Proportions, and under what Rules and Directions, the Shares of all and every Person and Persons whatsoever in the said yearly Fund, and of and in the Stock of the said General Society, or of any Company to be settled or authorised to trade in pursuance of this Act, and every or any Part or Proportion thereof shall or may be assignable or transferable, to be assigned or transferred to such Person or Persons only, as shall freely and voluntarily accept of the same, and not otherwise; that all Assignments and Transferrences made in such Manner shall be good and available in the Law.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Estates, Interests, and Stocks of personal Estates. Money of the fevr ral Corporations to be created or established in pursuance of this Act, and of each and every particular Member thereof, shall be ard be adjudged, taken, and accepted, in Constrution of Law, by all Judges, and in Courts of Law and Justice, and in all Courts and Places whatsoever, to be a personal and not a real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, or intituled thereunto, and not co the Heirs of such Person or Persons; Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Annuities out of

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities or Payments

determined. Goods imported to be sold by Jnch of Candle. Penalty.

king's Commis iton, Sez, shall dire ft in what Manner the Shares in they: arly Fund, Sec, alia 11 be assigned or transferred.

stocks esteemed

j c adjudged a Eankrupr. Stock notlnblc so foreign Attachment.

2 &9W. 3.

f.zo,

ift

during the Continuance of the same, shall be and are hereby exempted from any Taxes, Rates, assessments, or Impositions whatsoever.

trustee fnr' n

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Guardian or Trustee for any Infant may, for the Benefit Infant may vub such Infant, subscribe, advance, and contribute, upon this Act, a Sum not exceeding one Moiety of ferike a Moiety the Moneys within his or her Trust, upon the Advantages in this Act mentioned, and such Infant, upon of the Money in Payment of such Sum, shall become the Contributor thereof, and the Guardian or Trustee shall be dif his Trust. charged from the same.

No Member, r.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That no Member of any Society or Company to be erected io pursuance in respect of ln of is Act shall, in respect of his Stock therein only, be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within na' the Intent and Meaning of all or any the Statutes made;

Stock in such Society or Company shall be subject or liab! the City of London or otherwise._.

LXXV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth and ninth Years of His Majesty's

Reign, intituled An Attfor making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising the Publish Credit, it is (amongst other Things) ' enacted, That during the Continuance of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, no other Bank, or any other Corporation, Society, Fellowship, Company, or Constittition, ' in the Nature of a Bank, shall be crested or estab iftied, permitted, suffered, countenance J, or allowed by Act of Parliament, within this Kingdom, as in and by the said Act more at large may appear: 'Now for the better securing the Privileges of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, granted

or concerning Bankrupts; and that no to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of

C 44- 7 37

to them by Parliament, and to prevent the Corporation or Corporations, Society or Societies, Fellowship or Fellowships, Company or Companies, Constitution or Constitutions, which flinll or may be establishul by virtue of this Act, from interfering with, or being prejudicial to, the said Governor and Company of the In the Record

ciety, Fellowship, Company, or Constitution) to borrow, owe, or give Security for any Sum or Sums of ciuy, & C to Money, on Credit of any public Fund or Funds hereby granted, or any Part thereof; and that it shall not boriow en cie b. c. lawful for the said Corporation or Corporations, Society or Societies, Fellowship or Fellowships, Com of tl.e L 'undi pany or Companies, Constitution or Constitutions, which shall or may be established by virtue of this Act', Act to borrow, owe, or give Security for any other or greater Sum or Sums of Money, than inch as shall be other Sums ban really and bona fide expended and laid out in and for the buying of Goods, Bullion, or Commodities to be employed in exported for the proper Account of the said Corporation or Corporations, Society or Societies, Fellowship Trade, or Fellowfltips, Company or Companies, Constitution or Constitutions, which flinll or may be established Moneys flull he by virtue of this Act, or shall be otherwise employed in their Trade; all which Sum or Sums of Money, bon owed only so to be borrowed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be borrowed only on their Common Seal, and shall not on their Comb made payable, or bona fide, agreed to be paid, at any Time Id's than six Months, from the Time of the rrmn sc'l> 'nj borrowing thereof; and that it shall not be lawful for the Corporation or Corporations, Society or socic "aban tics, Fellowship or Fellowships, Company or Companies, Constitution or Constitutions, which flail or Mends, may be established by virtue of this Act, to discount any Bills of Exchange or other Bills or Notes what Company mny soever, or to keep any Books or Caflj, of or for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatnot discount soever, other than only the proper Moneys and Cash of the said Corporation or Corporations, Society or So

cieties, Fellowship or Fellowships, Company or Companies, Constitution or Constitutions, which shall or kcq>ecaiii for may be established by virtue of this Act. any i'erfonwhat*

LXXVI. And the said Commons of England in Parliament assembled, for the Ends and Purposes in this soever.

Act expressed, have also given and granted unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the further Rates

and Duties herein after mentioned; and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for An additional

and upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of du(y o( 51- i, cr

the East Indies, or any other Countries or Places within the Limits aforesaid, to wit, beyond the said Cape Coovts

to the Straights of Magellan, which from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thou &CJ

sand six hundred ninety-eight, at any Time or Times shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of < Continued by

England, Dominion of Wales., or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any Corporation, Person or Persons, ioaimaj, c.as.'

trading within the Limits aforesaid, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, there shall be yielded and paid

to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors (over and above all other Duties payable for the same) a Duty after the Rate of five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the said Goods;

to be paid over from time to time to the said General Society of Subscribers, and their Successors, or fuel) To be paid over

Treasurer or Treasurers, as such Society shall appoint to receive the same, unless a Company, upon the to l.hc General

Desire of the Subscribers or any of them, shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, to trade with a Joint 'or

Stock, as aforesaid; from and after the erecting or settling of such Company, then the said Duty of five Ambaflidors C

+Pounds per Centum shall be paid over to such Company, and their Successors, or to their Treasurer, to the end that the said General Society, and the said Company respectively, may out of the Produce of the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum maintain such Ambassadors, or other Ministers, as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors (at the Nomination of the Trustees, Directors, or Managers, of or for the General Society aforesaid, or of such Company so to be impowered to trade with a Joint Stock, as aforesaid) shall be pleased to send to any Emperor, Prince, or State within the Parts aforesaid, and defray any other extraordinary or

necessary Expenses, in carrying on the said Trade; and if at any Time or Times there be an Overplus Overplus, if mv,

of the Produce of the said Duty, to dispose the same, from time to time, to and for the Benefit of all the how to be dif

Members of the said General Society, until a Company to trade with a Joint Stock shall be erected, as pol"cd*

aforesaid; after such Company shall be erected, then to and for the Benefit of all the Members thereof,

according to their respective Shares or Interests in the Principal or Capital Stock of the same.

LXXVII. And for the better raising, levying, " and securing the said Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds Security to be in the Hundred, it is hereby further enacted, That upon the Importation of any such Goods, as aforesaid, Even for pay liable thereunto, an Entry or Entries thereof shall be made in the customhouse where such Goods shall be uiuui

imported, and before the Landing thereof the Importer or Importers of the same shall give Security (which ^JIU01U u y'

the Commissioners or proper Officers of the Customs are hereby required and empowered to take) for Payment of the said Duties, after the Rate of five Pounds in the Hundred upon the said Goods, as (bon as the same shall be sold, the Value thereof to be reckoned according to the grois Price at which such Goods shall be sold; and that in case any such Goods shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, be Goods landed fore due Entry be made thereof at the customhouse, in the Port or Place where the same shall be im ut V Imported, and the Duties hereby imposed shall be secured, or without a Warrant for the landing or deliver ah tted ing of the same, first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the

Customs respectively, that all such imported Goods as shall be so landed, or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; to wit, one Moiety of the same to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons' as will seize the said Goods, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, by Action, Bill, Suit,; or Information, as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Duty of five Pounds in the Hundred shall be to

from time to time under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs for the the commission time being, who shall cause the same to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to the Elands of the Re cis of the Cuf

vol. m. 5 b ceiver toir.s.

738 C 44. Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III. A.D. 1698.

ceiver or Receivers General of the Revenue of the Customs for the time being, and such Receiver or Receivers General for the time being shall answer and pay over all the Moneys arising thereby (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same only excepted) in such Manner, and for such purposes, as are before in this Act appointed.

On 3 years no

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That at any Time upon three Years taster th Notice, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, upon Re kqm ment by payment by Parliament of the Paid Sum of two Millions, or such Part thereof as shall be paid or advanced' Parliament of as aforesaid, unto the respective Subscribers and Contributors of the same, or to such Person or Persons as the said by, from, or under them shall be intituled to the said Annuities or Shares of the Paid yearly Fund or Capital

2, 000, cco! Stock in respeh of the same, and of all Arrears of the said Annuities or yearly Payments, then and from and deic mine thenccforth as well the Paid Duties upon Salt, and Rock salt, as the said Duties upon stamped Vellum,

'retrained by Parchment, and Paper, and also the said yearly Fund charged thereupon, and the said Annuities issuing out ioannm, C z8. of the same, and the said Duty of five Pounds in the Hundred, for the said imported Goods, and also all to 3 Years No the said Corporations to be erehed by or in pursuance of this Act, and the Benefit of Trade hereby given, rce after 25 > or intended to be given to them or any of them, shall absolutely cease and determine; anything herein larui 1733' contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And the said Commons of England in Parliament assembled, as a further Supply for His Majesty's extraordinary Occasions, have moreover freely given and granted unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the further Rates and Duties herein after mentioned: And it is hereby further enacted by the Additional Duty Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all wrought Silks, which from and after the said nine and twentieth.

'J; 1 s, Per Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, at an^time or Times shall te imported or brought wrought sfiks from tlae East Indies, or from Perfta, or from any other the Countries or Places within the Limits before imported from mentioned, into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Bervjick upon Tweed, there, the Bait Indies, shall be yielded and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors (over and above all other Duties pay rep. r 1 w. 3. ane for the same) the Sum of one Shilling and ten Pence for every Pound Weight, reckoning sixteen aver to §. 10. dupoize Ounces to the Pound, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof, and to be raised, levied, .*collated, and paid, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by such Ways, Rules, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as any other Duties upon

12 Cur. 2. C 4. Silks imported by the AH of Tunnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, or by any other subsequent AH for continuing the same, or by any other Law now in Force relating to the Customs, are to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

Persons who

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons or Corporations, as in pursuance of this Act shall have a Right and Power to trade to the East Indies, and other the Parts afore shall have the said, according to such Provisions, Proportions, and Restrictions as are in this Act contained, and subject sole Trade to the to the Condition or Power of Redemption before mentioned, from and after the said nine and twentieth Baste Indies, C Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, shall have, use, and enjoy the whole and sole Trade and Traffic, and the only Liberty, Use, and Privilege of trading, trafficking, and exercising the Trade or Business of Merchandise to and from the said East Indies, and to and from all the Islands, Ports,

' Enforced by 5 Havens, Cities, Towns, and Places, within the Limits before mentioned; and that the said East Indies,

Geo. 1. c. 21.' or the Islands, Havens, Sorts, Cities, Towns, or Places within the Limits aforesaid, or any of them, shall not after the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, be visited, frequented, or haunted by any other of the subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, during such Time as the Benefit of Trade hereby given, or intended to be given, to the Subscribers or others, as afore pmalty on other said, ought to continue by virtue of this Act; and if any of the subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs or i'cr^n* tr dine Successors, of what Degree or Quality soever they be, other than such as may lawfully go and trade to the aks 'than such Indies, and other the Parts aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, and their fahors, Agents, and Servants as ale empower respectively, who shall be employed according to the true Meaning hereof, hall direct, or indirehly visited by this Act. haunt, frequent, trade, traffic, or adventure into or from the said East Indies, or other the Parts before Enforced by mentioned, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, all and every such Offender and Offenders shall incur the

13 Geo. 1. c. 8. Forfeiture and Loss of all the Ships and Vessels which shall be employed in such Trade, with the Guns,

3' Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereunto belonging, and also all the Goods and Merchandise laden

thereupon, and all the Proceed and effehs of the same, and also double the Value thereof (to wit.) one fourth Part thereof to such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, or sue for the same, to be recovered in any Court of Record, as aforesaid, and the other three fourth Parts to the Use of the said General Society, until a Company shall be erehed, as aforesaid, and after the erehing thereof (if any such be) then to the Use of the said Company, without Account, the Charges of Prosecution being born by the said Society or Company.

If Duties by this

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Duties, arising or Act appropri^appropriated by this Act, shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient in the Produce of the same, fident to°satisfy as within any one Year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, from and after the nine and twentieth Day of the payments V September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the weekly pay appointed, De ments upon the same Rates or Duties shall not amount to so much as shall be sufficient to discharge and ficiency to be satisfy the several and respective Benefits, yearly Payments, or Advantages, by this Act appointed or in made good out of tended to be paid within or for the same Year respectively, that then, and so often, and in every such Case, the next Aids. j; hereby declared, that every such Deficiency and Deficiencies shall be provided for, answered, and made goodbye or out of the next Aids to be raised and granted by Parliament, for and towards the discharging or paying off the said Benefits, yearly Payments, or Advantages appointed by this Act, as, together with the Moneys which shall have been brought into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said several Rates and Duties hereby granted or appropriated, shall be sufficient to pay off and discharge all the Moneys which shall within the same Year respectively be grown due, or ought to be paid, for the Recompen V sc.

44. 739

tes, yearly Payments, and Advantages hereby provided, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act hall The present East extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or restrain the Governor and Company of Merchants of loti don trading into the East Indies, to continue to trade within the Limits aforesaid, until the nine and twen sept. 1701. tieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall Ships cleared out extend, or be construed to extend, to make any Ships (not in the Service of the said Governor and Com l)cforc 1 Jul pany of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies) which were cleared outwards from England, or ^vurk\i\il'ee elsewhere, for the East Indies, or Limits aforesaid, before the first Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, or the Lading thereof (so as they return into some Port of this Kingdom without breaking Bulk in any Part of Europe) to be liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Company of Mer Present East Inchants of London trading into the East Indies ball pay and discharge all just Debts whatsoever, which the dia Company to said Governor and Company do owe, or are subject to; and that all and singular the Manors, Lands, Te j^bts^and'th; r nemenfs, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels real and personal, as well granted and confirmed to e£at*'s jj, nadeel them and their Successors by any Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England heretofore made, or by liable thereunto, the Conccflions and Grants of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or of which they now are or hereafter shall be seized or possessed, by any Manner, Ways, or Means whatsoever, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject unto and chargeable with the Payment of the said just Debts; and if at any Time, from and if they make any after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, the said Governor and Dividends Wore Company, or any other Person or Persons, shall make any Dividend or Dividends of their Stock and Estates, peb members or any Part thereof, or of any of the Effects or Produce of the same, before the full Payment and Satis to bej; abl _ so faction of their said just Debts, in every such Case, the particular Members, and every of them respectively, far as their who in their private or personal Capacities shall receive any Share of such Dividend or Dividends, shall be Shares shall ex. severally liable, and they are hereby made liable, so far as their respective Shares, so by them respectively tend to received upon such Dividend or Dividends, shall extend, to nay and satisfy the said Debts, or such of them c which shall remain due and unpaid, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who by virtue of this Act are severally enabled to sue for and recover the same, besides double Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or of the Case, as is before mentioned; anything in this Actor any Law, Statute, Usage or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Society, Company, or Corporation what Society, C not soever, which shall be erected or established in pursuance of this Act, and their Successors respectively, mve m°r<j shall take care, that the Sum Total of all the Debts which such Society, Company, or Corporation respect^bevc/nta tively, shall owe at any one Time to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, do riot stock undivided, exceed the Value of the Principal or Capital Stock or Stocks, which at any such Time shall be and remain to such Society, Company, or Corporation, undivided; and that in case any such Society, Company, or their Debts Corporation, by any Dividend or Dividends whatsoever, to be made among!: themselves, or in their private e'" stockr or personal Capacities, shall reduce orleffen their Joint Stock, Principal or Capital, without limiting, pay membe^iiabie ing off, or proportionably reducing the Total Sum of the said Debts which they shall owe to others, as to nay so far as aforesaid, so that the Value of their Joint Stock, Principal or Capital undivided, shall not be sufficient to the Shares will answer their just Debts then remaining unpaid, in every such Case the particular Members, and every of extend, C them respectively, who in their private or personal Capacities shall receive any Share of such Dividend, shall be severally liable, and they are hereby made liable, so far as the respective Shares, so by them respectively received upon such Dividend or Dividends, shall extend, to pay and satisfy the Debts which shall remain due and unpaid by such Society, Company or Corporation respectively, to any other Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate as aforesaid, who by virtue of this Act shall and may sue for, and recover the same, besides Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or of the Case, as is before mentioned; anything in this Actor any other Act, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[Appropriations,

That out of the Monies which shall be contributed or advanced upon this Act, and out of the Moneys which by Loans or other T wife, upon any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament, for granting of any Aid or Supply th th jnis e to His Majesty shall arise over and above the Moneys by them, or any of them appropriated, directed or 29, 109l. authorised to be applied for any particular Use or Uses, Purpose or Purposes therein mentioned) the Sums Fur the civil following shall and may be applied, issued and disposed (that is to say) the Sum of twenty-nine thousand Government two hundred and nine Pounds, to defray the Expense and Charges of His Majesty's several Mints, and to 0

clear the Moneys which are due to the several Importers there; and the Suni of four hundred thousand comia(gs ft pountls, for defraying the Expenses of His Majesty's Household and Family, and other necessary Occasions circulating ex of the Civil Government, over and above the Sum, not exceeding six hundred thousand Pounds, which in chequer Bill and by one Act of this Section, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid by a Quarterly Poll for 'ille reftfo1' one Tear, is to be made use of for paying of Tallies, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and that out of the Moneys to be advanced, or to arise as aforesaid, such Sums as shall be necessary to satisfy the pra tniums or Rewards due or to be due to such as have contrasted, or shall contrast to advance Moneys from time to time for exchanging or circulating the Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills, shall and may be in like Manner applied and disposed; that all other the Moneys which shall be advanced upon this Act, or arise by Loans or otherwise as aforesaid, upon any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament (other than and except as is before mentioned) shall and may be applied, and the same are hereby appropriated for and towapds the Payment and Satisfaction of such Sum and Sums of Money as are or shall be

of

nd

on

i.and and Sea Service.

9 & 1

C 38.

7^.0 C 45,

Anno nono & decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1698.

Penalties contained in the at 1 W. & M. fi.' 2. C 1. for an Aid of z s. in the Pound, e. revived.

U'9W. 3. C 28,

Bank Bills may he received in Payments to the Kins, C

due, owing or payable for Land and Sea Services, performed and to be performed, and the Charges and Expenses relating thereunto, qr some of them, so far as the said Money will extend; and the commissionj ers of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the Treasurer, and the Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby directed, authorised and required to cause all the Moneys to be advanced, or arising as aforesaid, to be applied, issued and paid accordingly.

LXXXVIII. And to the end the Sums by this act appropriated may not be diverted or a plied to any other Purposes than are hereby directed and intended, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules and Directions appointed and enabled in one act made in the fuft Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of two Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for tile speedy Payment of the Money thereby granted into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the Collectors and Receivers, and for the Distribution and Application thereof, and keeping distinct Accounts of the (kmc, and all other Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures thereby enacted, in case of Diversion or misapplication of any Money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enacted to be in Force, and shall be practised, applied, executed, and put in Ure, for and concerning the Distribution and Application of the said Sums hereby appropriated, as fully, amply and effectually, as if the same were here again particularly repeated and reenacted.

LXXXIX. And whereas by an act made and passed in the Session of Parliament held in the eighth and ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Gourse anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer, it is (amongst other Things) enacted and declared, That from and after the twentieth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no Teller in the said Receipt of Exchequer should charge himself by his Bill with the Receipt of any Moneys in the Exchequer, but at such Times as the Officers of the Talley Court, their Deputies or Substitutes, should be there present, to levy a Talley or Tallies for the same, nor should any Teller, or other Person employed by him, throw down or cause to be thrown down into the said Court, any Bill or Bills, owning or purporting the receiving any Sum or Sums of Money, from any Lender of Money, Receiver, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon which Bill or Bills a Talley or Tallies are to be levied, according to the Course of the said Receipt, unless such Teller reflectively, or his Clerks, or Persons employed by him, Should have actually received, and have then in his Office the very Money which should be specified in Such Bill or bills respectively (except as therein is excepted) under the Penalties therein mentioned; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, if he or they shall think fit, and it be found safe and expedient for His Majesty's Service, to permit and direct the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, or their Clerks, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to receive from Commissioners, Receivers, Collectors, or other Persons making any Payments to His Majesty at the said Receipt of His Exchequer, upon any Account whatsoever, or upon Loans, Bills under the Seal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Bills, as

but not at any Discount.

1 & 3 Geo. 2., w

C so. § si. shall be tendred in Payment for any Aids, Taxes, Revenues or Loans whatsoever, unto the End of the the India Con next Session of Parliament, and no longer; anything in the said recited act, or in any other act or acts P "ny Barliament, or any Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; that none of

/.rvcmefni'ii' the said bank Bills shall be so taken in the Exchequer, when the same are at any Discount.

Farther prcvijiohf relating to the East India Company, 1 Ann. flat. 1. C 12. feb. 113. 6 Ann. c. 3 £? 17. 10 Ann. C 28. 5 Geo. I. C fci. 7 Get. i. C 5,

& 21.9 Geo. 1. c. 26*- 3 Geo. 2. c. 14, 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 27 Geo. 2. c. 9. 1 Geo. 3. c. 14.

CAP. XLV

An Act for taking away has the Duties imposed on Glass Wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes; and for granting (in lieu thereof) new Duties upon Whale Fins, and Scotch Linen.

6 W. 3. C i3. ' WHEREAS in and by an act made and passed in the Parliament held at Westminster, in the sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stofte and Earthen Bottles, Coals and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, several Rates and Duties therein mentioned were laid upon all Glass, and Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen

' Bottles, which at any Time or Times during the Term of five Years, from and after the nine and twen tieth Day of September, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, should be made within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or imported or brought into the same; and in and by another act made and passed in the Parliament held

7 W. 3. C 31. ' at Westminster, in the seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majesty

' certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and aether Earthen wares, for carrying on the war against France, and for establishing a national Land Bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Dunnage of Ships, and upon Coals, the aforesaid Rates and

' Duties upon Glass, or Glass Wares, Stone Bottles, and Earthen Bottles, are continued and granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for ever; and it was thereby further enacted, That from and after the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, there should he raised and paid to His Majesty, His Fleirs and Successors for ever, for and upon all Sorts of Tobacco Pipes, and for and upon all such Stone or Earthen Wares as are therein mentioned, certain Rates and Duties therein expressed, as by the said several acts of Parliament, Relation being thereunto severally had, may snore fully appear: And whereas it is found by Experience, that the said Rates and Duties upon Glass and Glass Wares are too great, so that the Makers of those Manufactures in this Kingdom are thereby discouraged; and that

A.D. 1698 Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. C. 45. 741

'the said Duties upon Stone Bottles, Earthen Bottles, and other Stone and Earthen Wares, and the said Duties upon Tobacco Pipes are vexatious and troublesome, and very chargeable in the levying and collecting of the same: Be it therefore enacted, &c.

[By 10 & u W. 3. cap. 18. all Glass Duties are determined, for which Reason set. I, VI VII VIII. in this Adit relating thereto are omitted.]

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, there shall be answered and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and during the Term of eight Years from thence next ensuing, for and upon all Whale Fins and Scotch Linens herein after mentioned, as shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England., Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed (over and above all Impositions, Duties and Charges already imposed and payable upon and for the same, by the Book of Rates or otherwise) the further Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

III. For all Whale Sins that are or shall be taken, caught and imported in and by any Ships or Vessels whatsoever, of or belonging to the Company established for the Greenland Trade, the Sum of threepence for every Pound Weight thereof; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity: And for all \\ hr.ie Sins which are or shall be taken, caught, or imported by Foreigners, or by any Ships or Vessels not belonging to the said Company, the Sum ot file Pence for every Pound Weight thereof; and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity; to be paid by the Importer or Importers of the same.

28. Whale Fins, See, may be freely imported!

IV. For all Linen of the Manufacture of Scotland, commonly called by the Name of Twill, which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, the Sum of ten Shillings for every Hundred, containing one hundred and twenty Elis; and for all Linen of the Manufacture of Scotland, commonly called by the Name of Tiding, which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, the Sum of six Shillings and eight Pence for every Hundred, containing one hundred and twenty Else; and after those Rates for any greater or leficr Quantities; to be paid aho by the Importer or Importers of the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the additional Duties hereby imposed upon the aforementioned Goods, the Importer, giving Security at the customhouse, shall have Time, not exceeding twelve Months, for the Payment of the same, from the Importation, to be paid by four equal and quarterly Payments; or in case such Importer shall pay ready Money, he shall have after the Race of ten rounds per Centum of the said Duty for a Year abated to him; and if the Goods and Merchandizes aforementioned, imported as aforesaid, for which the Duties hereby granted shall be paid or secured at the Importation thereof, be again exported by any Merchant English within twelve Months, or by Strangers within nine Months after the Importation, then the aforesaid Duty shall be wholly repaid, or the Security vacated as to what shall be so exported.

' These 12 Sc9Months enlarged to 3 Years by 7 Geo. 1. flat.

Front 10 fiily 1693. (made perpetual as o Whale Sins by

9 Anna?, C 21.

I.) Forcitlit Years the following additional Duties to be paid:

For Whale Fire imported by th: Green lane Company, C 3 d. per lb. wt, and b Foreigner Gd.*By 5 Geo. 2. C British Subject'.'

For Scotch Linen called Twill,

10 s. and for Scotch Ticking imported 6 3.

8 d. per ioc File.

Importer so have 12 Months to pay the Duties, or Allowance after the Rate of 10 1 percent, for prompt Payment.

Goods exported again in 9 Months, Duly to be repaid.

I. C 21. §. 10.'

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon the Importation of any Whale Fins, Scotch Linen or Entry to be Tickings hereby charged as aforesaid, an Entry or Entries thereof shall be made in the customhouse where lr: le on such Goods shall be imported; and in case any such Goods shall be landed or put on Shore, out of any \vha)e°f; uf Ship or Vessel, before due Entry be made as aforesaid, and the Duties hereby imposed thereupon shall be jcctc; 1 Linen paid or secured, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering the same first signed by the Commissioners, coliehors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, then all such imported gco<js landed Goods as shall be so landed or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or vessel, contrary to the true Mean before Entry for ing hereof, or the Value of the same, shall be forfeited and soil, and final] and may be recovered of the feited» snd Importer or Proprietor thereof (to wit) one Moiety of the said Forfeitures to the life of the King, and j^orte'^&c* the other Moiety to the Use of Inch Person or Persons as will seize the said Goods, or sue for the same or n'pm t' c' the Value thereof, by ahion, Bill, Suit, or Information as aforesaid.

---

[Commissioners of the Customs manage the Duties on Whale Fins, &c.]

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Duties hereby granted and payable for Whale Fins, and such Scotch Linen as aforesaid, shall be from time to time under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, who shall cause the same to be raised, levied, collected, and paid to the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Revenue of the Customs for the time being : And such Receiver or Receivers General shall from time to time bring the Produce thereof (the necessary Charges of raising and answering the same only excepted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer:

[Duties how to be applied.]

And that the Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer for the time being, to whom it shall appertain, shall from time to time issue, pay and apply, as well the said Duties upon Whale Fins and such Scotch Linens as aforesaid, arising by this Act, as also such Part of the said Duties upon Glass and Glass Wares, as is not taken away by this Act, to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of such Principal and Interest Monies, whereunto the whole Duties upon Glass and Earthen Wares and Tobacco Pipes, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, ought to have been applied, if this present Act had never been made ; and that in such Order and Form, and under the like Penalties an4 Forfeitures, as by any such Act or Acts now in Force are or were provided or prescribed for the issuing, paying and applying of the said whole Duties upon Glass and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes ; any thing in this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

END of the THIRD VOLUME.

