THE

Statutes at Large,

From the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD

To the Twentieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time.

With a COPIOUS INDEX.

VOLUME the THIRTEENTH.

LONDON:

Printed by Charles Eyre and William Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty;

And by W. Strahan and M. Woodfall, Law Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXXX,

THE

Statutes at large.

Anno decimo septimo GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the THIRD Session of the

Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 17 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore

5. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish.

6. An Act for vesting in David Hartley Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method by him invented of securing Buildings against the Calamities of Fire, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

7. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty's Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

8. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe), as relates to the Day on which the annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made.

9. An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

10. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

11. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester.

12. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of Broseley, to or near a Place called The Sheep-wash, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

13. An Act for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf-measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower-dock and Limehouse-hole, in the County of Middlesex.

14. An Act to enable his Majesty to licence a Theatre in the City of Chester.

15. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County.

16. An Act for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture.

17. An Act for dividing the Chase of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, Westward of London bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation; and for other Purposes.

19. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parish of Old Swinford in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

20. An Act for continuing two Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, for encreasing the public Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for the better support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

22. An Act for opening Communications between Wapping-street and Ratcliff highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Virginia street; and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other Streets and public Passages and Places within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

23. An Act for lighting and matching the Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End next Blackman street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places, therein described, communicating therewith.

24. An Act for expediting the Sale of Estates in Scotland belonging to the York-buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors.

25. An Act for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain Buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other Nuisances and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages within the said Town.

26. An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities; and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants.

27. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland.

28. An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles; as expired on the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

29. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manufacturing of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea, and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise in respect to Tea.

30. An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

31. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement or Composition with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds, entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their Estates and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

32. An Act for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham.

33. An Act to allow the Master Dyers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen in their Trade who have not served Apprenticeships thereto.

34. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels

35. An Act for further continuing an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

36. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

37. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide, Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

38. An Act for raising a certain by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

39. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed determined by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

40. An Act to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of his Majesty's Dominions in North America; and for ascertaining the Value of such Part of Ships and Goods as belong to the Recaptors.

41. An Act to prevent the clandestine unshipping from and receiving Goods at Sea on Board Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Masters of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of his Majesty's Dominions into the Baltick, to deliver a Manifesto of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing there.

42. An Act for preventing Abuses in the making and vending Bricks and Tiles.

43. An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods, and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies for a limited Time.

44. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is sold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the Island of Dominica into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage.

45. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

46. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

47. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

48. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the same, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation; and to the making of Experiments relating thereto.

49. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from the Estate of William Harry deceased, and his Sureties.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other instruments.

51. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act for better securing the Duties on Sope, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a limited Time.

53. An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices.

54. An Act for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol and Shire-hall for the County of Westmoreland.

55. An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manufactory.

56. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers.

57. An Act for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain cases.

58. An Act for enlarging the public Gaol of the County of Warwick, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

60. An Act for inclosing and embellishing the middle Part of Hoxton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square.

61. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, to open a Street from the South End of Long-ditch to the North End of Smith-street, and to widen Part of Tothill-street, and of Long-ditch aforesaid; and to widen the Passage between Orchard-Sheet, and the new-intended Street, and also to widen Wood-street, and to make a more commodious Entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into Deans-yard, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

62. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Fosdike, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James’s, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell-green to the Parish Church, and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish; for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell-close to Rosomon's Street, and from Rosomen's Street to Saint John Street; and for building a Chapel in the said Parish.

64. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbots, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

65. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal-fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal-fen, in the Isle of Ely.

66. An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the Hamlet of Mile end Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex.

67. An Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester.

68. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at Maisemore, hear the City of Gloucester; for raising, widening, and securing Over's causeway, leading from the said City towards Maisemore aforesaid; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

69. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley-bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining in the said Parish.

71. An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms-houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to sell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

72. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrard's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of Wilts; and for completing a Communication between the said Road, and the Bath Turnpike Road, upon Kingsdown-hill in the same County.

73. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from Dudley-hill through Beckwith-shaw to Killinghall, and from Beckwith-shaw to the South-west Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the West Riding of the County of York

74. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch-hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex.

75. An Act to repeal an Act of the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market house in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and also to repeal so much of two Acts of the tenth of his late Majesty, and the seventh of his present Majesty, as relate to the Road from the Mitre-oak to a Farm-house called Goodness; and from Titton-brook to the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; and to discontinue the Powers of an Act of the eighth of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from the Cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm, to a Place called The Spout; and for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the first-mentioned Act; and also several other Roads therein mentioned.

76. An Act for continuing the Term of two Acts passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt-lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall’s Smithy, upon Cranage-green, in the said County.

77. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton-moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge.

78. An Act for enlarging the Term and continuing the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton-moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; and the other passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act; with respect to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate.

79. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Water-course on Hutton-moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; and the other passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act; with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North-east Corner of Hutton-moor, and from the East End of Kirby-hill-moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid.

81. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gasking-gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County.

82. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned in the County of Bucks, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak-lanes next the Great Road, called The Oxford Road; and also Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said County.

83. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Rood from the Top of Harnham-hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on Askerwell-hill, in the County of Dorset, and from the Index-post on the Side of Harnham-hill aforesaid to a House called Master Baker’s Farm-house, in the said County of Wilts.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term and continuing the Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshott, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford-bridge-hill, in the County of Southampton.

85. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-second Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

86. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging several of the Powers contained in an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winborn-minster, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Brianston, in the said County of Dorset, which leads from Bland ford-forum to Dorchester.

87. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Oxford, so far as relates to the Road from the Guide-post in the Village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the Mileway leading towards the City of Oxford.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Halfway-house, in the Parish of Lower Crompton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town, of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for amending two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil; and the Road from Chard to Cheeseway-ash; and from White Down to Perry-street, in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Tytherleigh Inn, in the said County of Dorset.

90. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby-bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster.

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Maypole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmstone; and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High cross, in the Parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the Distance of two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham; and from the Marle-pit near the Bottom of Saddlescombe-hill, in the Parish of Newtimber to the Marle-pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex.

92. An Act for repealing so much of two Acts made in the eleventh and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the Gaol-bridge in the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, to Hurdloe-house in the said County, for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road; and for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of the Course of the present Road between Ashborne and the New inn Turnpike.

93. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile-stone beyond Willoughby hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton-houthorn, and from thence to Milborne-port; and from Willoughby-hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long-lane, in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross gate on Cattle-hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset.

94. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall-gate Close, at the South-west End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill; and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford; and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempston-field to the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford.

95. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Reads leading from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and widening the Street from the North or North-east End of Coombe-street, along Patwell-street, in the said Town of Brewton, to the South or South-east Side of Dymond’s River.

96. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth.

97. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Union-point near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney-bridge in the Parish of Westham, in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side-gate on the Horse-bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-hand to Burwash, in the said County.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Combe-bridge, through Winsley and Bradford, to Staverton-bridge, and to the Trowbridge Road on Ashton-common, and also the Road from Bradford-bridge to Cockhill-gate, all in the County of Wilts; and for making effectual Provision for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon at Stokeford, in the same County.

99. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide; and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from or near the Red-lion in the Parish of Woolverton, in the said County of Somerset, to Rode-bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge by White-trough to Beckington aforesaid.

100. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop.

101. An Act for repealing so much of three Acts made in the eleventh, seventeenth, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish-bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby to Brassington, in the said County; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

102. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

103. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Crookhill, in the Parish of Chickrell, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Dorset.

104. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole called Poole-gate, and for repealing two Acts of Parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town and County.

105. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Asthall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks.

106. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding.

107. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money; and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County.

108. An Act for amending the Road from the South East End of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester to Derby-bridge, near The Rushes, and from the said Bridge, to the South End of Cavendish-bridge, in the same County.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Brace-bridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter-hill; and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Canwick-hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill.

110. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gateshead in the County of Durham, to the Church-lane near Ryton Lane-head; and from the Bar-moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston-bar, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickley-bank to Lead-hill or Silver-hill, and also for making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton in the County of Durham.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely in the same County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, on the Denbighshire Side of the River Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Conway and Saint Asaph, at a Place called Sarn y Mynech; and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of Aber, over Bwich y Ddwyfaen Mountain to Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llanrwst in the County of Denbigh.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 17 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Crownthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Gottlieb.

3. An Act for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Melasse.

4. An Act for naturalizing Dorothea Margreta Hartman.

5. An Act for naturalizing Paul Johan Christian Tax and John Vallientine Gottlieb.

6. An Act for vesting the several Rectories, Parsonages, Churches, and Chapels, of Rockburne, Beeamore, South Charford, Hale, Whitsbury, and Quidesley, with the Glebe Lands, Tithes, and other Appurtenances, thereto respectively belonging. Part of the settled Estate of the most Noble George Duke of Manchester, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts therein expressed; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe Malsor, in the County of Northampton.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tansor, in the County of Northampton.

9. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the Common or Waste Lands called Great Torrington Common, to William Callon, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and ether the Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste or Common, called Westergate Common, in the Parish of Aldingborne, in the County of Sussex.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty and Parish of Hatherne, in the County of Leicester.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows within the Parish of Shepshead, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying within the Ring Fence of the same Fields, and adjoining thereto, within the same Parish; and also several Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground, called The Carrs and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said Parish.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Holcot, in the County of Northampton.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Lordship of King’s Measurn, in the Parish of Moreland, in the County of Westmorland.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Villages of Horncliff and Horncliff Lone End, in the Parish of Norham, in the County of Durham.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Thornor, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Rednal, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County of Salop.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish of Tempsford, in the County of Bedford.

19. An Act to enable John Eames, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Waight, pursuant to the Will of John Waight Esquire, deceased.

20. An Act for naturalizing George William Soltau, Gerhard Berck, Henry Albrecht Hammelburg, and Gunter Henry Groger.

21. An Act for naturalizing Ernest Bernard Banning.

22. An Act for naturalizing John Gentlivres.

23. An Act for naturalizing Marcellin Pernoud.

24. An Act for naturalizing William Aguiton.

25. An Act for naturalizing Villem Vlught.

26. An Act for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo and Francis Gaudot.

27. An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke Esquire, in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, Northampton, Berks, and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited.

28. An Act to discharge certain Copyhold Premises, in the Parish of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, from the Uses and Trusts thereof, declared by the Will of Mary Wotton deceased; and to subject and charge the same of Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with the Payment of a perpetual yearly Rent Charge of twelve Pounds to the Reverend John Gibson Clerk, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and for settling and alluring the same Premises so charged, in the Trustees of Rupert Clarke Esquire, upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Grimston Esquire, at Thwing and Octon, in the Parish of Thwing upon the Woulds, in the East Riding of the County of York, in the said Robert Grimston, in Fee-simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Robert Grimston, in the Township of Neswick, in the Parish of Bainton, in the said East Riding of the County of York, of greater Value in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Tunstall in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Syfton, in the County of Leicester, and several Parcels of uninclosed Land, in the Parish of Barkby, in the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of the said Fields.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open and Common Fields, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Struther's Common, and Hagbank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known by the Name of Cross Moor alias Charles Moor, in the County of Somerset.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swinstead, and County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Duntisborne Abbotts, in the County of Gloucester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lmds, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kirnington otherwise Kirmington, in the County of Lincoln

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Shirland, in the County of Derby.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stretton, in the Parishes of Northwingfield and Morton, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, lying in the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset; and also certain Moors, called Land Moor otherwise Cote Moor and Gold Corner, lying in or near the said Parish of Huntspill and Cossington, in the said County.

42. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving Wallingfen, in the East Riding of the County of York.

43. An Act for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of Ludgershall, in the County of Buckingham.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Bugthorpe, in the County of York; and for exempting the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Bugthorpe, from the Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for other Purposes therein contained.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds in the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing Aysgarth Pasture and Aysgarth Moor or Common, in the Township and Parish of Aysgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Potter Harris Esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley Plowden, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act to enable Jervoise Clarke Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Jervoise Esquire, deceased.

49. An Act to enable the Archbishop of Canterbury and Daniel Ponton Esquire, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

50. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, one of the Knights Companions of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Duke of Marlborough, the settled Estates of the said Lord Robert Spencer, situate in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Broughton Baronet, situate in the County of Stafford; and purchasing other Estates, situate in the County of Chester, to be settled to the same Uses; and for extinguishing the said Sir Thomas Broughton's Power of making Leases for Lives, as to Part of his settled Estate in the County of Chester% and making such Recompence to him for the same as therein is mentioned.

52. An Act to enable John Barnewall Curson Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry.

53. An Act to enable Thomas Asheton Smith Esquire, and William Henry Asheton Smith his Brother, to grant building, improving, and other Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of William Smith Esquire, deceased.

54. An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Reverend Henry Osman Clerk, and Mary his Wife, of and in certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of King's Langley, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such Sale in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon the said Moiety; and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of entire Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

55. An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, standing, lying, and being, within the Hamlet of Wighthill, in the Parish of Tackley, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between the President and Scholars of Corpus Christi College, in the University of Oxford, and Simon Wisdome Esquire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act to enable the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground, Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey,

57. An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Almshouses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to sell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof; and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Cumberland.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Wastes, within the Manor of Egremont, in the County of Cumberland.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Carleton Brisco, and Wrceay within the Manor or Lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior Lordship, in the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert Carlisle, and Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Nassington, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Woodnowton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Nassington, in the County of Northampton.

б2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half Year Lands, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Cressingham, in the County of Norfolk.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of Farlam, in the County of Cumberland.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of Brampton, in the County of Cumberland.

66. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Tibshelf, in the County of Derby.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Weston under Wetheley in the County of Warwick.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Condicote, in the County of Gloucester.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Inclosures, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Carlton Rode, in the County of Norfolk.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts of Waste Grounds, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor and Barony of Prudhoe, and Parish of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and within the Parish of Welford, in the County of Northampton.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands lying within the Townships and Liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Dole or Heath Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Felthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Hewtell Common alias Housedon, in the Parish of Kirknewton, in the County of Northumberland.

78. An Act for confirming Exchanges of Lands and Tithes of and in the Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham; and for establishing and securing certain annual Payments in lieu of Tithes.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also two Mosses, called Waitham Moss and Hilderstone Moss, within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of Warton, and County Palatine of Lancaster.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying and being in Wykeham and Caudwell, in the Parish of Rothley, in the County of Leicester.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing three several Moors or Commons, called Low Gatherley Moor, Moor Holme, and The High Moor, situate in the several Townships of Kirkby Ravensworth, Ravensworth, and Whashton, in the Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Braithwaite Esquire, with Elizabeth Browne, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enable William Kilborn and his Issue Male to take and use the Surname of Burrowes, pursuant to the Will of John Burr owes deceased.

84. An Act for vesting the Real Estates late of Ann Phillips Spinster, now the Wife of Henry Barnes Gentleman, comprised in their Marriage Settlement, situate in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase money for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

85. An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs certain Estates of Philip Jones, and Robert Berkley, Esquires, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in order to sell the same, and, with Part of the Purchase money, to discharge certain Incumbrances thereon; and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Estates to be sold stand limited.

86. An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Hull Esquire, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Estates, in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, Part of the settled Estate of William Wheatley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold to Sir Sampson Gideon Baronet, pursuant to Agreement; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

89. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Kirkwhelpington, Lowick, and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, late Part of the Estate of Sir John Swinburne Baronet, deceased, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold, discharged from the Uses, Trusts, Charges, and Powers, in the Will of the said John Swinburne mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes therein expressed.

90. An Act to enable William Jackson and Hannah his Wife to carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments, situate at or near Barney, in the County of Norfolk (being their settled Estate) to Richard Reeve the younger, Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estate doth now stand limited.

91. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Wight, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Trattle of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan Widow; and also a certain Messuage, and Lands and Hereditaments, of the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey Part of the said settled Estate, and also the said Estate of the said Wardens and Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Richard Worsley Baronet; and other Part of the said settled Estates, to the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks; and to apply Part of the Money arising from such Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance affecting Part of the said settled Estate; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; and to enable the said Warden and Scholars, Clerics, to take a Conveyance of that Part of the said settled Estates intended to be conveyed to them-

92. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Weddell Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu-thereof; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Real and Personal Estate of John Harvey Gentleman, a Lunatic, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell so much thereof as will be sufficient for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Harvey his late Father deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

94. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldwyn Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting with regard to the said Freehold settled Estate; and for settling the said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, to new and other Uses.

95. An Act for rendering valid and effectual a Partition between Taylor White Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and Thomas Fowke Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the Counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Cambridge, Essex, and Kent; and for vesting and settling the same to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, contained in their respective Marriage Settlements and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

96. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the Right Honourable George Lord Onslow and Cranley, and Wiliam Luck Gentleman, and Edmund Luck, his Son.

97. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth, devised by the Will of Thomas Chamberlaine Esquire, deceased, in Richard Combe Esquire, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Richard Combe, in the County of Somerset, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Halton Moor, in the Township of Halton, in the Manor of Templenewsam, in the Parish of Whitkirke, in the West Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kingsley, Newton near Kingsley, Norley, and Crowton, in the Parishes of Frodsham and Weaverham, in the County of Chester.

101. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir William Hamilton and Dame Catherine his Wife in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

102. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Philip Egerton Esquire, in the County of Flint; and for investing the Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

103. An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement, for a Partition or Division of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Warwick, the Estates of John Clarke Esquire, and Mary his late Wife, deceased; and for settling the same to the Uses therein mentioned.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Killamarsh, in the County of Derby.

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockhall, or in some or one of them, in the County of Northampton.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Common Downs, in the Parishes of Shireborne and Windrush, in the County of Gloucester.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Underwood, in the County of Northampton.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Metheringham, in the County of Lincoln.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Candlesby, in the County of Lincoln.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, and a stinted Pasture, in the Township of Newsham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

111. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Barmby upon the Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the Parish of North Newbald, in the County of York.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Killesby, in the County of Northampton.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and the Common or Moor, within the Township of Thornton, in the Parish of Foston, in the North Riding of the County of York.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farnsfield, in the County of Nottingham.

116. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln.

117. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Halam and Edingley, in the County of Nottingham.

118. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lanos, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Leadenham, in the County of Lincoln.

119. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Uffington, and the Hamlets of Balking and Woolston, otherwise Woolverston, and within the Hamlets of Kingston Lisle and Fawler, in the County of Berks.

120. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Monkbretton otherwise Burton, in the Parish of Roystone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

121. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and certain Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Farmborough otherwise Farnborough, in the County of Berks

122. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Parish of Gilmorton, in the County of Leicester.

123. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, or Shrub, Town-green, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Weston Colville, in the County of Cambridge.

124. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Baschurch, Hordley, Stanwardine in the Wood, Weston, Lullingfield, and Stanwardine in the Fields, or some of them, in the County of Salop.

125. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tithings or Liberties of Ramsbury Town, Park Town, Whittonditch, Eastridge, and Baydon, within the Manor of Ramsbury, in the County of Wilts.

126. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moor, or Common, in the Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of the County of York

127. An Act for dividing and inclosing Corston Wood, otherwise Corveton Wood or Common, within the Manor of Corston, otherwise Corverton, and Parish of Diddlebury, in the County of Salop; and for making a Boundary or Ring-fence against a certain open and uninclosed Ground, in the Manor of Corpham, within the same Parish.

128. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadow, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Mears Ashby, in the County of Northampton.

129. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bleasby, in the County of Nottingham.

130. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ipstones, in the County of Stafford.

131. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Carpenter Esquire, Earl of Tyrconnel in the Kingdom of Ireland, with the Right Honourable Lady Frances Manners, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

132. An Act to enable William Dutton Esquire, his first and other Sons, and their issue Male, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Naper, pursuant to the Will of James Lenox Dutton Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplification of the Will and Codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

133. An Act to enable Isaac Martin Rebow Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Martin, pursuant to the Will of Matthew Martin Esquire, deceased.

134. An Act for naturalizing Maria Perry.

135. An Act for naturalizing Charles Morris Klanert.

136. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Freehold and of Estates, late of Dame Elizabeth Pettus, deceased, in Trustees, to convey and surrender the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

137. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within, the Parish of Silkston, in the County of York.

138. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts.

139. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashton Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

140. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln.

141. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Cantley, Brampton, Bessacarr, and High Ellers, within the several Manors of Brampton and Bessacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

142. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the Manor of Melbourn with Storthwaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

143. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Shapwick Moor or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Septimo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the thirty-first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; being the third session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

[4s.]

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. V.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by the said Parish, and the Workhouse of the said Parish is too small for the Reception of the Poor thereof: And whereas the granting proper Powers for the governing, maintaining, and regulating the said Poor, and providing a proper Place for their Reception, will tend to the more effectual Relief of such as by Age and Infirmities are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the able and industrious, to the proper Correction and Punishment of the profligate and idle, and to the Education of the poor Children in Religion and Industry; and thereby the said Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and being suffered to live in Idleness and Debauchery, may be brought to contribute to the Support and Relief mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage and Credit to the Community: And whereas the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being are seised or possessed, in Trust for the Poor of the said Parish, of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of and in a certain Piece or Parcel or Ground commonly called or known by the Name of The Hundred Acre Piece, containing by Estimation one Acre and an Half, or thereabouts, adjoining to a certain Road or Lane in the said Parish, called The Back Road, opposite to a Place called Steward's-lane, adjoining to the Land of Nathaniel Bishop, Esquire; upon which said Piece of Ground a convenient and proper Workhouse, with necessary Out-buildings, may be erected and built: But as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be put in Execution without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament,' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Trustees.]

That the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington for the Time being, Roger Altham senior Esquire, Roger

2 C. 5. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.
---
Qualification of TfuOect*

Persons af\ing who are not qualified, to forfeit 5ol. each.

Trustees, &c. not to hold any Place of Profit* or enter into any Contrail relating to this Act.

First Meeting of the Trustees.

How new Meeting* to be appointed.

No Order oalid except made at a publick Meeting.

When the Poor. /h*U be provided for by the Trustees.

Church wardens r Oveifeers may give immediate Relief to the Pace.

Altham Junior Esquire, George Brown, Charles Brown, Nathaniel Bishop Esquire, Samuel Bolton, Danid Baiery George Brownsworth, William Belch, John Brotherton, Edward Bull, Thomas Cogan Esquire, Hammond Craffe Esquire, James Crane, James Crook, William Cross, Nathaniel Clarkson, Edmund Clutter buck, John Church, William Curtis, Francis Carrick, John Dawes Esquire, Francis Deakin, Thomas Eaton, Richard Fair cloth, William Gerrard, William Hyde Esquire, Matthias Hollis, William Hughes, John Hole, Joseph Hodges, John Hallett, Arthur Hemming, William Kekewich, Isaac Needham, Henry Penton Esquire, William Pitcairn M. D. John Pajfall, Thomas Rowe, John Rivington Esquire, Walter Sebbon, John Simes Esquire^ Richard Strong Esquire, Thomas Skinner, Thomas Shirley, Daniel Sebbon, John Spiller, Bernard Fredertck Taylor, Edward Thompson, and William Welby Esquire, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

[On the Death, &c. of Trustees, new ones to be chosen.]

II. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Trustees herein-before named, or their Successors, shall die, remove out of the Parish, or refuse to act, or shall neglect to act for the Space of six Months, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, upon three Days Notice atleaft, to be given in the said Parish Church after Morning and Evening Prayer, and before the Sermon (which Notice the Clerk of the said Parish is hereby required to read and to give, or cause to be read and given), to assemble, as often as Occasion shall require, in the Vestry-room of the said Parish; and the major Part of the said Trustees shall and may elect and appoint one other fit and able Inhabitant of the said Parish in the Stead of every such Trustee so dying, removing, refusing, or neglecting to act; and such Person and Persons, so from Time to Time elected and appointed, shall have the same rower and Authority to act in the Execution of this Act, as the Trustee or Trustees so dying, removing, refusing, or neglecting to act as aforesaid, were invested with.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be eligible or capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said Parish), but for and during so long and such Time only as he shall either pay or be liable to pay, as Landlord or Tenant, for Premises situate in the said Parish, valued and rated at the Sum of thirty Pounds a Year at the least, for and towards the Rates and Assessments herein after directed to be made for the Purposes of this Act; or shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the aftuaf Possession or Receipt of the Rems of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said Parish, of the clear yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of, or intitled unto, a personal Estate of the Value of one thousand Pounds: And if any Person, not being so qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person who shall fuc for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of the Qualification shall be on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor for the Time being, or their or any of their Assistants, or any Trustee appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall provide, furnish, or supply, any Goods, Materials, or Provisions, that shall or may be provided, bought, or supplied, by virtue of this Act, or shall hotyj any Place of Profit, or enter into any Contract, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract, for the Use of the Workhouse or Workhouses erected or to be erected in the said Parish for the Support or Maintenance of the Poor, during the Time of his being Churchwarden or Overseer, or Assistant, or Trustee, as aforesaid; and that every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go and be paid to such Person as shall inform and sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall meet in the* Vestry-room of the said Parish upon the second Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and they are hereby empowered to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, to meet at the same Place, or at any other Place within the said Parish: And if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the said Trustees so assembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case any two of the said Trustees, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Trustees to be held at the Vestry-room or Workhouse of the said Parish; publick Notice whereof shall be given in the said Parish Church as aforesaid, at Jeaft three Days before such Meeting; and that the Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order or Determination of the said Trustees shall be valid, unless the same shall be made at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act; and that all the Powers-and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Trustees, shall and may, from Time to Time* be exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend at such Meetings, a sufficient Number of such Trustees, according to the Directions in this Act given, being present at each Meeting; and that, in case of Equality, the Chairman shall have the casting vote.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish shall*, after the twenty-seventh Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, provide, supply* serve, or furnish any Beds, Bedding, Clothes, Victuals, or other Thing, for the Use of the Poor of the (hid Parish; but the same shall be bought and provided by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or any or either of them, from ordering the Person with whom such Things shall be de-

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 3.

Officer to be appointed to pay Money for Relief of ctfua) Poor acc'ml.dg so the Order of the Church* warden* or Overseers.

All Parish Mo* n et to be paid by the TruAcet*

posited to deliver to any poor Person, not in the Workhouse, Clothing or Vifluafe for their immediate Relief, and which Things such Person is hereby required to deliver porfuant to every such Order.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five

or more of them, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands, a fit Person (not being a Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish) for the Purpose of paying all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be ordered to be paid for the Purpose of relieving the casual Poor of the said Parish, and shall take Security from such Person, and shall and may remove him at their Pleasurej and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens add Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or any# of them^ to give an Order for the Relief of such casual Poor; signed with his or their Hand or Hands, specifying therein the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such poor Person or Persons; which Money shall be immediately paid by the Person so to be appointed as aforesaid for that Purpose, who shall, at the next Meeting of the Trustees, produce and deliver to them the Vouchers for such Sum and Sums of Money that shall have been so expended as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, That no Person who shall be a Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Pfotflb. Parish, shall a St in the Execution of the Office of paying Money for the Relief of the casual Poor* or Pen-boners and that no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish shall, from and after the twenty-seventh Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, pay or expend, or make any Charge or Demand for Money expended by him or them for the Relief of poor Persons.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish shall,

at any Time after the twenty-seventh Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred) and seventy-seven, pay any Wages, Salary, or other Money, to any Servant or other Person employed or to be employed by the said Panin; but all Monies which shall be necessary to be paid for those Purposes shall be ordered and directed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

XII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Churchwardens of the Pravife. said Parish from paying Monies for the Repair of the said Church, and otherwise relating to the Office of Churchwarden only.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, appoint a Collector or Collectora; of the Rates or Assessment? herein-after direded to be made, and also. a Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, and remove him or them at Pleasure, and shall take Security from such Collector and Treasurer; and shall and may also, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, and such other Officers and Servants for the said Workhouse and the Purposes of this Act, as they shall think necessary, and remove them at their Pleasure: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Collector or Collectors, Clerk, Officers, and Servants, as they shall think reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, commonly called or known by the Name of The Hundred Acre Piece, containing by Estimation one Acre and an Half, or thereabouts, adjoining to a certain Road or Lane, in the said Parish called The Back Road* opposite to a Lane called Steward's-lane, adjoining to the Land of Nathaniel Bishop Efauirc, together with all and singular the Hereditaments and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Trustees and their Successors for ever, to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall and may. Who areim

and they are hereby authorised and required to ered, or cause to be erected, one or more House or Houses,

and such other Buildings as they shall think proper and necessary, upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, or upon any Part thereof, for the Residence and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish \ and from Time to Time to furniQi and provide the same with Bedding, and all other necessary Furniture and Materials for the proper and comfortable Support, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish; and to contract and agree with Artificers, Workmen, and other Persons, for the building, furniQi-ing, and providing for the same$ and, by and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, to pay and satisfy all Monies which shall be justly due and owing to such Artificers, Workmen, or others, employed in or about the building or furnishing the said House or Houses, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto;

Copies or Extracts of all which Contracts and Agreements made by or with such Artificers or Workmen and others, and all Receipts, Payments, Debts, and Credits, and all other Matters and Proceedings concerning the same, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for those Purposes; which Book or Books shall, From Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, be open to the Inspection and Perusal of all Persons paying to the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And, for the more speedy effecting the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay to the said Trustees, or any £ve or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities to be pflid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributor at the Time of Payment of his or her: respective Contribution Money, which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person not under the Age of fifty Years; nor shall the same exceed the Rate of ten Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person not under the Age of sixty Years and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Sum to be advanced as aforesaid; but no Sum of Money shall be advanced on the Lite of any Person under the Age of fifty Years j and ((rail be payable apd p?ud ‘

Trustees may appoint Officu s.

and allow them Salaries.

Ground Yelled in Trustees for the Purposes of this Act

powered to ered a Workhouse thereon 5 and to furnish the same.

Copies of Contract», &c. to be entered in a Book.

Trustees may

borrow j OOOO T. upon Annuities)

B

in the Vestry-room

C.

4

to fee applied towards building a Workhouse, &c.

Names, tee. of Annuitants to be entered in a Book j

which may be iafpided gratia.

Annuities to be charged upon the Poors Rates, and exempt from all Taxes.

Annuities may be transferred.

Annuitant? to have an Order for Payment signed by the Trustees,

Inhabitants to nominate right Perilous for Overlunj

ut of whom the Justices to chuse three, who are to fcnre that Office.

C. 5. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

room of the said Parish, or such other Place In the said Parish as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, appoint, by four equal Quarterly Payments in the Year; the first of which Payments to begin and be made to the respective Purchasers or their Assigns at the Expiration of the first three Calendar Months next after Payment of his or her respective Purchase Money 5 which Annuities shall be publickly sold in the Vestry-room belonging to the said Parish to the bed Bidder for the same, on fourteen Days Notice thereof being first given in the London Gazette* or some other publick Newspaper; and a like Notice affixed upon the principal Door of the said Parish Church signifying such Intention; and the Money arising by the Sale of such Annuities shall be applied for and towards the building such Work-house or Workhouses, and such other Buildings as shall be necessary for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and for and towards furnishing such Workhouse or Workhouses, and other the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided by the said Trustees one or more Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written in Words at Length the Names, proper Additions, and Places of Abode, of all such Persons as shall be Purchasers of any of the said respective Annuities, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money, and also the Sum and bums so paid for the Purchase of such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and the Days of Payment thereof, and also an Account of the Interest that shall be paid to the said Annuitant or Annuitants from Time to Time, and by whom received; which Book or Books shall be lodged in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Trustees j and it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (provided such Purchaser or Purchasers shall purchase such Annuity or Annuities in an* other Name or Names than his, her, or their own Name or Names), their Agent or Agents, and to and for any Person or Persons paying to the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Recourie toy and inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Annuities so to be purchased shall be, and are hereby charged upon the Rates dr Assessments to be made for maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Parish by virtue of this Act; and the Contributor or Contributors duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuity or Annuities, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, and his, her, or their respective Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and by virtue of this Act be intitled to have, receive and enjoy, the said Annuity or Annuities out of the said Rates or Assessments, during the Term of she natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor in Manner aforesaid; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and his and their Assigns respectively, shall have a good), fore, absolute, and indefeasible personal Estate and Inheritance in the Annuities Co by them respectively purchased, according to the true Meaning of this Act; and none of the aforesaid Annuities shall be subject or liable to the lax charged upon Lands by Authority of Parliament, or any other publick or parochial Tax.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such respective Annuity or Annuities, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

ovided such Purchaser or Purchasers shall purchase in any other Name or Names as aforesaid, at any Time or Times, by Writing undeV his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals (without any Stamp thereon), to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Assignments, and the Days the same were brought to be so entered, shall be made in a Book hereby required to be kept for that Purpose by the said Trustees; and the said Entry shall be maAt gratis* and shall and may at all seasonable Times be inspected by any Person interested therein 5 but no such Assignment shall be deemed good and effectual until such Memorandum or Entry shall be made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Contribution or Purchase Money for the same into the Hands of the Trustees, or any five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the same, and an Order on Parchment or Vellum for the Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated therein $ every such Order to be signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, which, being so signed, shall by the Authority of this Act be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof ? and upon every Default of Payment of the said Annuity by the Space of forty Days next after the Time or Times when the same shall become payable, the Assessment and Assessments to be made by Authority of this Act shall veil inrthe Annuitants, until the same Annuities, together with the legal Interest and all Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Parishioners of the said Parish, paying to the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, are hereby authorised and required to assemble and meet together in the Vestry-room belonging to the said Parish, on Tuesday in Easter Week in every Year, or within ten Days after; and the* major Part of the Inhabitants so assembled, shall then and there make out a List of eight fit and proper Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Parish, to be Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; and no List shall be legal?i but such as shall be made as here ini-before directed; which List shall be returned ro*any two or fnofe Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex acting in the Division of Finflbuyyi at a Petty Seffions to be held for that Purpose, whereof publick Notice shall be given in the faits Pai ifh Church on the Sunday next preceding the Holding of such Petty Sessions, of the Time and Place of holding the same: Otlt of which List the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, so assembled at such* Petty Sessions, shall nominate artd appoint three Persons, being Inhabitants as aforesaid, to be Overseers*,land the Overseers so nominated, together with the Churchwardens of the said Parish, shall be Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Year then rtext ehfuing i' and shall, wkhm three Days after

5

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C.

such Nomination* and Notice thereof given or left at his or their Place or Places of Abode, take that Office or Duty upon him or them, upon Pam that every such Person, refusing or neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds: And in case of any such Refusal or Neglect, any two Justices of the Peace on Fenilty of * for the said County acting in the Division of Fin/bury, may and are hereby authorised and impowered to 10 nominate some other fit Person or Persons to the said Office in the Place of him or them refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so nominated in the Room of such Person or Persons, shall take such Office or Duty upon him or them, under Pain of forfeiting the like Sum of ten Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; to be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned: All which said Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer who shall be appointed to receive the Monies for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall be applied lor and towards the Relief of such Poor.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Parifltfonm to or the major Part of them, together with the Parishioners of the said Parish paying to the Rates or Ailed- njeatoafeer-ments to be made by virtue of this Act, are hereby authorised and required to assemble and meet together the ionics in the Vestry-room of the said Parish on Tuesday in Easter Week, or within ten Days after, or oftner, in 10 c rAi every Year as Occasion shall require, Notice whereof shall be given the Sunday next preceding such Meeting

<n the Church of the said Parish in Manner aforesaid; and the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishioners, or the major Part of them, so adembled, shall ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money necessary to be raised within the Limits of the said Parish for the Relief of the Poor, and for the Payment of the Annuities, and other Ends and Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishion- lnd miJte act ers of the said Parish, shall assemble and meet together in the said Parish Church within thirty Days next' 990*1 Found* after the said Sum or Sums of Money shall have been ascertained as aforesaid (due Notice having been

given in the said Parish Church on the preceding Sunday before such Meeting in Manner aforesaid); and at such Meeting and Meetings shall and are hereby required to make and sign one general equal Pound-rate or Assessment for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for the Payment of the said Annuities, and other the Ends and Purposes of this Act, upon all.and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy any Land, House*, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault* or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Parish, and on every other Person and Persons who by Law is, are, or shall be chargeable or liable to be aiTeifed for or towards the Relief of the Poor* as the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, at such Meeting and Meetings, shall think necessary and proper; which said Rates or Alfeflmems, so to be made, shall be R»te«tob« made and laid according to the yearly Rent or yearly Value of the Premtfcs, and as the same shall be all er-

tained and rated to the Land Tax for the Time being; and shall be allowed- by two of his Majesty's Justices JustKC of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and Notice thereof shall be given in the Church on the Sunday and vnice next after the same shall be allowed. thereof«; n

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Pa1- p J-V-w'"11* rifhioner? of the said Parish, shall refuse or neglect to assemble and meet together* or, having so met, shall nra'^7nT<o refuse or neglect to ascertain such Sum or Sums of Money in Manner as aforesaid, or shall reiufe or neglect, make aiTht. within fourteen Days after such Meeting, to make such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, or in case such ment»y Tr*.Aeei Rates or Afteftmencs shall be deficient to answer the Purposes of this Act; that then, and in either of the said cases, and as often as it shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees* or any seven or more of thejn, and they are hereby required to meet in the Vestry-room, or at the Workhouse of the said Pa;i(h, as they shall appoint for that Purpose (Notice thereof having been, first given on the Sunday next preceding such Meeting in the Church of the said Parish in Manner aforesaid), and then and there make one or more general Pound-rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid, tot and towards the Relief of the Poor*, the Payment of the said Annuities, and other the Purposes of this Act, and therein equitably and propor-ti on ably ra'e and aflds all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any

Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Tenement, Coach-house. Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Build*

vigor Hereditament within the said Parish, and any other Person or Persons who by Law or under this Act

are chargeable or aflefiable for and towards the Relief of the Poor, as the said Trustees, or any seven or

more of them, at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think fit and proper to be rated and afliifrd; which said *hich fls*r U

Rates or Assessments so to be made and signed by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be by 1*0

allowed by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the find County; and Notice thereof shall be Ju,liC<:>*

given in the said Parish Church some Sunday after Morning Prayers before such Rate shall be cohered.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments so to be made by Rare* fdt*6* the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be deemed and taken to be good, valid, and effec- made by (be tual, and shall and may be collided and levied in like Manner as if the same had been ascertained and made Truste* flull by the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishioners assembled as aforesaid;. any Law, Statute, bcvalid’ or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, i nat no Rate or Rates, Assessment or A fie Clients* for the Relief of Ko R.t*«robt the Poor* shall be made or assessed, other than is in and by this Act directed, after the Tuesday. in Easter made contrary Week in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven ty-seven, or within forty Days after. to 1 hi* Afl.

[Landlord to

XXVII. And whereas there are divers Houses in the said Parish let out in separate Lodgings or Apartments, and other Houses let ready-lurniftied to Lodgers, by which Means the Payment of the said Rates pay r«k» for or Assessments may be evaded,’ be it therefore further enacted, That the Landlord or Owner of each and House* let out every House or Houses so let in separate Apartments or ready-furnidied to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be in Lu<Js*nb* deemed ai>d aken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses, and may be rated or afftiied accordingly, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments directed to be mfed and levied by virtue of this Act.

6

dodgers liable to pay the Rates,

nd to be allowed the same out of their Rents.

Lodgers not to obtain any Settlement by Payment of the Rates.

In case of Distress, Expences may be levied.

Rates to be recovered as the poor's Rates by Act of Eiiz.

Method of recovering the Rates from Persons removing out of *h« Piriih, dec.

Distress not to be deemed illegal for Want of Fora*

Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Amends.

Officers to account to Trustees.

and pay the Balance.

C. 5. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person so renting and occupying any separate Apartment in such House or Houses, or ready-fumiftied House, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the same.

XXIX. Provided always, That each and every such Occupier or Occupiers, who shall pay such Rates or Assessments, or from whom the same shall be recovered by virtue of this Act, shall and may deduct the same out of the next Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the Landlord or Owner thereof; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his or her said Landlord, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall have paid, or shall have been levied on him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act, and shall be allowed by such Landlord or Owner of such House, as if the same was paid to him in Specie.

XXX. Provided also, That no such Tenant or Occupier of any separate Apartment of any House or Houses, or ready-furnished House, shall, by the Payment of such Rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid, be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the said Parish by such Payment; but that the Landlord or Owner shall be deemed and construed, to all Intents and Purposes, to have paid the same; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Distress shall be made, by Authority of this Act, for Nonpayment of any of the said Rates hereby directed to be made, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress, to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, over and above the Sum of Money actually due upon the Rate or Rates for which such Distress is or shall be taken.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Rates and Assessments, so to be made and a fie fled by virtue of this Act, shall be collected and recovered with all and every the Arrears thereof, which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter remain unpaid, by such Person and Persons as shall by virtue of this Act be appointed to collect and receive the same, in such and the same Manner as Rates and Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor, and the Arrears thereof, are directed to be collected, levied, and recovered, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or by any other subsequent Act or Acts relating thereto; and that every Person aggrieved by any such Rate or Assessment shall have the like Remedy by Appeal as in the said Act, or by any other subsequent Act or Acts, is for that Purpose given and provided, and that as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Remedies in the like Cases were herein at large repeated and set forth.

XXXIII. And, for the more effectual levying the Money, rated and assessed for the several Purposes of this Act,’ be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons rated and assessed as aforesaid, who shall afterwards remove out of the said Parish, or shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums by him, her, or them respectively payable as aforesaid, shall and may be levied not only in the said Parish, but in any other Parish or Place within the same County; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, then, upon Oath thereof made before any one or more Justice or Justices of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand or Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Warrant made out for such Distress), the Goods and Chattels of the said Person or Persons so removing out of the said Parish, or neglecting or refusing to pay, shall be subject and liable to such Distress in any other County, City, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall be found; and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, be levied in the same Manner as if the same had been found in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington: any Custom or Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And, to prevent any vexatious Actions or Suits against the Collectors or other Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act,* be it enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, justly due for any of the Purposes of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties concerned in or making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Warrant of or for the Appointment of such Collector or Collectors, or in the Rate or Assessment, or in the Warrant of Distress thereupon; nor shall the Party or Parties making or concerned in the same, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties making or concerned in the same; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage he, she, or they shall have sustained thereby, and no more, in any Action of Trespass or on the Case, at the Election of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action or Actions for any Irregularity aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made by the Party or Parties making the Distress before such Action or Actions was or were brought, nor if Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time after the said Action or Actions shall have been brought and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the Time of such last mentioned Tender.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors, and all other Persons who shall collect or receive all or any of the Monies arising by virtue of, under, or in pursuance of this Act, shall, under their respective Hands, and in such Manner, and at such Times and Places, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for the Time being, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charged, by virtue of their respective Offices or of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received, and how much thereof shall have been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and also a true List of the Names of all such Persons who shall have neglected or refused to pay their respective Rates or Assessments, and of the Monies due from them respectively; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 7

said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, at such Times and Places as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), verify their said Accounts: And if any Collector, Treasurer, Officer, or Person, shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Accounts, or to produce the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required by any five or more of the said Trustees, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to his Office or to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their Hands, to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, or for the Delivery of the said Books, Papers, or Writings; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex% such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to near and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, unaccounted for, such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or in case it shall appear to such Justice, by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid, or in case such Person or Persons shall refuse to account upon Oath, or shall not tiuly account, or shall not pay the Balance of the Account; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common or other Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) \ and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall be unable to pay the Rate or Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act, or shall be overcharged, he, she, or they may, upon a Day to be fixed by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, appear before them, and make their Objections thereto; which said Justice and Justices are hereby impowered and required to hear and relieve them in such Manner as to them shall seem just; Notice of the Time and Place of hearing the same being given in the said Parish Church the Sunday preceding the same 5 and which Notice is hereby required to be given on an Order being signed by two of the said Trustees for the Time being for tbu* Purpose.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, in pursuance of this Act, make such Rules, Orders* and Regulations, for the better Disposition of the Monies aforesaid, and for the better relieving, maintaining, governing, employing, educating, and regulating the Poor of the said Parish, as to them shall appear necessary or expedient, so as such Rules and Regulations are not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may, at any public Meeting, order and direct the Treasurer or Treasurers, from Time to Time, to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and the Use of the said Parish; and the said Treasurer and Treasurers are hereby authorised and required to pay the famo, from Time to Time, accordingly; which Sum or Sums so paid shall be allowed nim or them in his or their Accounts respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and are hereby impowered to keep, maintain, and employ, and to cause to be kept, maintained, and employed, all the Poor of the said Parish in such Workhouse or Workhouses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and to purchase Materials for that Purpose, and to take the Benefit of the Work, Labour, and Service of every such Person or Persons, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act* and the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five er more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered to purchase or contract and agree, from Time to Time, as they shall think fir, with any Person or Persons, for all Provisions, Necessaries, and Materials of what Kind soever, which shall be used or brought into the said Workhouse. or for the Use of the Poor; and also to contract or agree for the lodging, keeping*, maintaining* or enqploying* any or all such Poor of the said Parish, four Days previous

Penalty on Officers refuting to account, or for deliver Wri« tiogi, Scu

If Balance not* paid, may be levied by Distress.

For want of f*»^ ficient Dtftrtli, &c. Offender may be cos\-mititd.

Poor P#rf"n or any over* charged, may/ appral to the justices.

Truste* rosy make Rrgula--tionr.

Treaforert to pay Monies to the Trusttee Older*

Poor to be fetto1 Work, ani the Pdiifti to have the Benefit of their Labour.

Trustees may contract for Provisions, Setk for the Wodfc—-hoof*.

8

Expends of Turfing poor Chilfirea hew to be paid.

Trusters may contrail for nursing ChiU dree.

Monies, Furniture, &c. veiled in Trustees,

Tcnal-f on Person« buying or receiving in Pawn any Clothes, &c. belonging t*> «he *Wo JchotPe.

Jf Penalty not paid, may be levied by iiiftre/s.

Penalty on Fer-ions conveying Spirituous Liquors iniu toe Workhouse.

How Judies to proceed lor Con-vifl on ct Ul-fenders.

C. 3. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777

vious Notice being given in one of the public Daily Newspapers, and also on the principal Door of the said Parish Church, of the Time and Place of making such Coritraft 5 and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall pay or order the Payment of the Monies due or to become due upon such Contrafts and Agreements, to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same, our of the Monies to be raised and coIFfted by Authority of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of any poor Child or Children of the said Parish, which shall be necessary to be sent into the Country or other Place to nurse, or for their Clothes or Maintenance, together with the Expence of their Conveyance, shall be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the nursing, maintaining, and keeping such Child and Children; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall put them out, or otherwise provide for them, and take such Order for the Care of and providing for the said Children, as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised and collected, and all Fixtures, Furniture, and other Things, bought or provided for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act; who are hereby impov/ered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer, or order the preferring of any Hills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal or carry away* any or any Part of such Things; the Property of which said Monies and Things shall be laid in every such Action and Indictment to be the Property of The Trustees of Islington Poor; and every Action and Indictment so laid shall be held good in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy or receive into Pawn any of the Clothes or Wearing Apparel, or any of the Victuals or Provisions of any of the Poor who shall be maintained, clothed, or victualled in the Workhouse of the said Parish, or who shall knowingly buy or receive into Pawn any of the Goods or Materials carried into the said Workhouse, or any other House or Place, in order to be wrought up, manufactured, or used by the Poor of the said Parish, or any of the Goods and Furniture of the said Workhouse; the Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex (which Oath such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay;he Sum of five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish j and if any Offender shall not, upon such Conviction, pay the same, the said Justice or Justices shall cause the Money so forfeited, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus (if any) after such Forfeiture and Charges of the Distress and Sale are deducted and paid, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common or other Gaol for the said County, there to be detained, and kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless such Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner.paid and satisfied.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall convey any Spirituous or Strong Liquors into the House or Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such and the like Pains and Penalties as are, by an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, directed to be inflicted on Persons conveying Spirituous Liquors into Prisons or Gaols.

XLVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,’ be it further enacted, That nil and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form, or in any other Words to the same Effectj (that is to say)

Form of Con-

BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, is convicted before

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex,

by virtue of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the better Ee.'irf and Employment of the Fo r within the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex* 4 ur.dfor building a Workhouse for the said Parish, of 4 [fpreifying the Offence].

" Given under our Hands and Seals (or Hand and Seal), the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLVIII. And whereas many Persons maintained in public Workhouses refuse to work, or are guilty of on fane Curling and Swearing, or other Misbehaviour, and by the Laws now in bein ' no Punish- mem can be inflicted upon them without committing them to the House of Correction, or County Gaol, which Commitments have been found not to answer the Purposes thereby intended for Remedy Trunks may whereof, be it further enacted, That if any poor Person or Persons, who shall be maintained in the Work-pun Hi»h Poor house or Work houses of the said Parish, shall refuse to work, or be guilty of profane Cursing and Swear-who «laii rrfufc jig, nr otuervvile misbehave him or herself, that then in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the fweT^r(h#l ruffces, or any five or more of them, to cause such Person or Persons so offending to be punished in

c’ such Workhouse, either by moderate Correction, Confinement, distinguishing them in Drew, Diet, or

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 9

such other Method as may best tend to remove such Offences for the future, without committing such Offender to the House of Correction, or other Prison; any Law, Statute, or U Cage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And whereas divers Children deserted by their Parents are frequently found wandering and begging in the said Pirish, and not able to give an Account of themselves, or the Place of their legal Settlement: And whereas if such Children were properly employed and enured to a Habit of InJuflry, they might be furnished with Means for their future Maintenance, and instead of a Nuisance be rendered useful to the Public: And whereas divers other Persons are found wandering and begging in the said Parish, and daily committing Act of Vagrancy and misbehaving themselves, and if Power was given to apprehend such Persons, and fend them to such Workhouse, there to be dealt with in Manner as herein directed, it would tend to enure them to a Habit of Industry, and make them useful to the Public \ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to cause such Child or Children as he or they shall judge to be under the Age of fourteen Years, who shall be found wandering and begging in the said Parish, if they think proper, to be taken, and to fend them to the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish, there to be detained and employed until he or she shall attain, or, in case his or her Age cannot be afeer-tain?d, till he or she shall be adjudged to have attained the Age of twenty-one Years, or Day of Marriage if a Female, or be discharged by due Course of Law: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Churchwardens* Overseers of the Poor, and Trustees, or any five or more of them, to cause such other Person or Persons as shall be found wandering and begging, or mi(behaving themselves in the said Parish, if they think proper, to be sent to the said Workhouse, there to be kept to Work for so long Time as the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Trustees, or any five of them, shall think proper, or until they shall be discharged by due Course of Law; and in case of any Misbehaviour of any such Persons so sent as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to correct and otherwise punish such Offenders in Manner as before mentioned.

L. Provided always, That no such Child or Children, or other Person, so taken and sent to the said Workhouse, shall gain any Settlement by residing or being maintained there in Manner aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several Laws relating to the Office of Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and for the Relief and providing for the Poor, shall dill continue in Force within the said Parish, except in those Indances where the same are otherwise altered or directed by this present Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the said Parish shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or concerning this Act, or the Matters or Things herein contained, be and be deemed a competent Wit-mfs, notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant, or paying the Rates of the said Parish; and that any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex may act in the Execution of this Act at any PLce within the said Parish, or elsewhere within the said County, notwithstanding he shall be an Inha* bit ant of the said Parish, or pay the Rates thereof; any Lav/, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending; and in all Cases where the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are by this Act impowered to bring or indicate, or cause to be brought or indituted, any Action or Actions at Law, or any Indictment or Indictments, the same shall and may be brought and indituted in the Name or Names of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in all Cases in their respective Office?, or relating to the Poor, where, by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made. Appeal is or shall be given to them from the Paf3, Order, Conviction, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, to appeal to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to be held for the said County, at their Election, giving eight clear Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons concerned therein; which Justices in their fai 1 Sessions may make such Order therein, and give such Cods to cither Party, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Justices in their said Session may, for want of due Notice, or for any other jud Cause, adjourn such Appeal from Time to Time as they shall think fit.

LV. Provided always, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may, if they shall think proper, in the Name or Names of any two of them, or in the Name of thHr Collector, Treasurer, or Clerk, bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions of Debt, or special Action on the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ for all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures against this Act, or for all or any of the Fines set or irrposed, and for and upon any Contracts or Agreements made and entered into by them by virtue of this Act, and for all or any of the Rates which shall be made*, or be due or payable, under, by virtue of, or in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof; an 1 if the Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action, he shall have full Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered; in which Action and Actions no Efiuin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Irrnarlance, shall be allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Justice or Justices acting therein, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at ary General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlesex, or any Adjournment thereof,

Children, fr-. found wandering or begeing, may be lent to the Workhouse,

PfOVlfo.

Laws rrl tting to Churchwarden*, &c. to continue in Fo'ce where nr t altered by this

Inhabitants deemed competent Witneii'cs, &c.

Justices may ad*

minister an Oath, &c.

Overseers, Sec, may anp-al to the Quarter Seffioni.

Trtt flees mar bring Actions, «xc.

Persons acffrirv-ed may appeal t#

tiu Qp aner StJuO.iS j

io

%hose Determination shall be £4. a).

Wilting* not liable to Sump-duty.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

©eornl Tflle.

Treble Goto.

Exfenres of this Act bow to be paid*

[Public Act.]

Preamble; re

citing his Majesty's Letters Patent t'» David Hanley, E'q.

C. 6. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

within three Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall arise; such Appellant first giving or causing to be given ten Days Notice in Writing to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, or to the Justice or other Person by whose Act or Acts such Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, of hi«, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal; and within two Days next after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Coils as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof; which said Justices at or in such Sessions, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and examine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and on all Appeals from Rates, the Justices shall amend the same in such Manner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief, without altering such Rates with respect to other Persons mentioned in the same; but if, upon Appeal from the whole Kate, it shall be found necessary to set aside the lame, then they shall order a new Rate to be made,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Trustee or Trustees, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, Thar all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees at their Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced aeainst any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought* laid, and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the (pedal Matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall he had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice therer f given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein.; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinumce of such Action or Actions, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then in any of the Cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by haw.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and other Charges incident thereto, shall, in the first place, he paid out of the Monies remaining in or coming to the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or out of the first Monies that shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VI.

An Act for vesting in David Hartley Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and A (Tigris, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method by him invented of securing Buildings against the Calamities of Fire, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent, under the

Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the first Day of Aprils in the thirteenth Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto David Hartley, of Golden Square, in the Parish of Saint James, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the full Power, sole Privilegcy and Authority, of making, using, exercising, and vending, a certain particular Method by him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, within that Paitof his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England* the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* and also in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, for the Term of fourteen Years; 4 with a Proviso, obliging the said David Hartley* by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to cause a pac- ticular Description of the Nature of the said Invention to be inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, within four Months after the Date of the said recited Letters Patent: And whereas the said

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. n

David Hartley did, in pursuance of the said Proviso, cause a particular Description of the said Invention c to be inrolled in the said High Court of Chanceryt upon the twenty-fourth Day of July+ in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three j which Description is in the Words and Form,

( or to the Eft'c& following; that is to say,

|V/I Y Invention of a particular Method of securing Building* and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, Description of ii described in the Manner following; that is to say, 44 By the Application of Places of Metal and the Nature «of

Wire varnished or unvarnished, to the several Parts of Buildings and Ships, so as to prevent the Access invention of Fire, and the Current of Air, securing the several Joints by doubling-in, overlapping, soldering,

rivetting, or in any other Manner doling them up, nailing, ferewing, sewing, or in4any other Manner fattening the said Plates of Metal, into and about the several Parts of Buildings and Ships, as the Case may require."

And whereas the said David Hartley hath, with great Attention and Labour, prosecuted, and is still prosecuting, a Variety of Experiments in order to perfect the said Invention: And whereas the said David Hartley hath employed great Sums of Money out of his own private Fortune, and mutt necessarily advance still larger Sums before the said Invention can be completed, and rendered of general public Utility as well by Sea as Land: And whereas it will not be in the Power of the said David Hartley to carry his Invention into complete Execution, so as to render the same of the highett Utility to the Public of which it is capable, nor will there be any reasonable Prospect to the said David Hartley of being reimbursed the Sums of Money already by him expended and advanced, and the further Sums necessarily to be by him expended and advanced, or of obtaining a proper Return and Recompence for so important an Invention, unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged, and his Property in the said Invention secured not only within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales*

the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, but also within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for such Time as may enable him to obtain an adequate Re- compence for his Labour, Time, and Expence: To the End therefore that the said David Hartley may be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said Invention, so that the Public may reap all the Advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullest Extent may it please your most Excellent Majesty (at the humble Petition and Request of the said David Hartley) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the full Power, sole Privilege, and Authority off making, tiling, exercising, and vending the said Invention herein-before particularly described, except as to Ships within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, veil 'd in the said David Hartley, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of thirty-one Years; and that he the said David Hartley, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or such others as he the said David Hartley, his Executors, Administra-tors, and Assigns, shall at any Time agree with, and no others, from Time to Time, and at all Times, during the Term of Years herein-before mentioned, shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend the said Invention, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, in such Manner as to him the said David Hartley\ his Executors, Administrators, and Afligns,

shall in their Discretions seem meet: And that the said David Hartley, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and lawfully may have and enj >y the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage, from Time to Time coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of his said Invention, for and during the said Term of thirty-one Years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the same, for and during* and to the full End and Term of thirty one Years, as aforesaid; and that no other Person or Persons within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations abroad, shall at any Time, duiing the said Term of thirty-one Years, either directly or indirectly, make or use, or put in Pra£lKc the said Invention, or any Part of the same so attained unto by the said David Hartley, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall make, nr cause to be made, any Addition thereunto, or Subft: action from the same, without the Licence, Consent, and Agreement, of the said Dcvid Hartley, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Writing, under his or their Haiid and Seal, or Hands and Seals, first had and obraired in that Behalf; upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such Offenders for the:r Contempt of this Act, and further u> be answerable to the said Daz>id Hartley, his Execuors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby o<cafioned.

II. Provided always That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admit airy, or any three or more of them for the Time being, to make life of the Lid Jnvtn.ion, in any of his Majesty's Dock yards, Rop.vhouses, Brew-houses, and V'Mualling-offices, and all other Houfts or Buildings which shall he tiled in filling or equipping his Majesty's Ships of War, or in victualling and supplying the same, for tearing them asrainst Fin*, in any such Manner as they shall think proper, without Licence obtained from the aforesaid David Hartley, his Execu ors, Administrators, or Assigns.

III. Provided always, That if the said David Hartley, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns or any other Person or Persons who shall, at any Time during the said Te m of thirty-one Years, have or claim any Right, Title, or interest, in Law or Equity, of, in, or to the Power, Privilege, or Authority, of the (ole. Ule and Benefit of the said Invention, shall make any Transrer oi Alignment, or pretended Transfer or Assignment, of the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted, or any bhare or Shares

The fofe Privilege of making and vending the aforesaid Invention vrfted in David Hartley, &c. for thirty-. one Yeara.

Penalty on Persons rniIcing or imitating the same.

Ex.eition, in favour of his M je l)*s Dockyard i, See,

Cvta’n Reflric-t. >n$ laid on Dav.d Hartley, Sec on the Bre.ch whereof this Act ti. become %o.d.

12

Chuse for rpgti-)a'in<i the Price o' the Fite Piatt!.

[Public Act.]

Preamble

rccring 16

Oco. III. Cap. 5.

C. 7. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

of the Benefit or Profits thereof, or shall declare any Trust thereof, to or for any Number of Persons, exceeding the Number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for public Subscriptions to be made fry any Number of Persons, exceeding the Number of five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted; or shall by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, of any Number of Persons, exceeding in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the like Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corporate Body, or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby granted into any Number of Shares, exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, which shall be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two Charters, for A finance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money ut>on Bottomry, and for refraining feveinl extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein, mentioned; or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time become vetted in, or in Trust for, more than the Number of five Persons, or their Representatives, at any one Time, otherwise than by Demise or Succession (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the single Persons whom they represent, as to such Interest as they are or shall be intitled to in Right of such their Testator or In-tettate) 5 that then, and in every of the said cases, all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it hereby enacted, That any Objection which might have been made to the said Invention not being a new Invention, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the twenty-first of James the First, sufficient to invalidate Letters Patent, may be made in Bar to any Action brought by virtue or in consequence of this Act.

V. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the aforesaid David Hartley, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to a(k, demand, or take, any greater Price than Sixpence by the Foot Square for the Plates of Metal, mentioned in the above-recited Specification, commonly called Fire Plates, unless the said Plates of Metal shall be made of Copper, or of any other Metal except Iron, or unless they shall exceed in Weight ten Ounces avoirdupois to the Foot Square.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to grant Commissions to the Commanders of Private Ships and Vessels* employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty's Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset’s Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Loxver Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, arui Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Mafjachufet's Bay 5" and also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Com- mtree of the Colonies in the said Acts refteftively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the cases, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That all Ships and Vessels of or belonging to the Inhabitants of the Colonies therein mentioned, and all other Ships and Vessels which shall be found trading in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, oncoming from trading, in any such Port or Place, shall become forfeited to his Majesty, together‘with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Fur- niture, as if the fam- were the Ships and Effects of open Enemies; and that the Flag Officers, Captains, Commanders, and other Commissioned Officers in his Majesty's Pay, and also the Seamen, Marines,

and Soldiers on board, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every such Ship, Vcttll,

Goods, and Merchandize which they shall seize and take (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty), to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as therein prescribed: And whereas many Ships and Velills belonging to his Majesty's loyal and weil-affected Subjects have been armed and equipped by the Owners thereof for their own Security, against the rebtl- lious and piratical Attacks of the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Colonies, and several Vessels belonging to,

and fitted out by, the Rebels, have been taken without any Commission from his Majesty, the Property of which Ships, and their Cargoes, though forfeited to his Majesty, is not by Liw vested in the Captors:

And whereas it is just and expedient to vest, under proper Regulations, the Property of all such Ships and Vessels so taken in the Captors, and to provide some Encouragement* for the Defence of the Property of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as well as for taking and destroying Ships fitted out in an hott le Manner by the Inhabitants of the rebellious Colonies be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7- U

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Admiral of CommifiWer* Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for °rU;e Admi' the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowered and [,jJjVrrh Com-appointed,' shall and may, from and after the twentieth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and min;on*to seventy-seven, at the Request of any Merchant or Merchants, being Owner or Owners of any Ship or Commanders of Vessel employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty's Service, giving such Bail and Security as is herein- Vend*, for after mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth one or more Commission or Commissions, to any JJc‘bcion to Person or Persons whom such Merchant or Merchants shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of the ^beM 00s Death successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing, and taking. Colonies, &c. by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, all Ships and Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Chattels and Effects whatsoever, belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies now in Rebellion; and all Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, belonging to his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain or Ireland, which shall be found trading to or from the said Colonies, contrary to the Provisions of the said Act of Parliament; and that such Ships and Vessels, Goods, Wares, AilPimto Merchandizes, Chattels and Effects, so to be taken by or with such Ship or Vessel, according to such Jaff- l,rl(,ne tuc mentioned Commission or Commissions (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Glsl

Admiralty), shall wholly and intirely belong to, and be divided between and among, such Owner and Owners of such Ship and Vessel, and the several Persons Who shall be on Board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with such Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be intitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements amon^ themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice-admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by, or claiming under, his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner of such Ship or Vessel being the Captor of such Prize, Ship or Vessel, Cargo, Apparel, and Furniture, and the Persons claiming under him or them, shall be inti tied to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Customs and Duties), any Custom, Statute, or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall intitle any Ship having a Commission, Except when and which shall receive Orders from, and put herself under the Convoy of any of his Majesty's Ships or

Vessels, to (h ire in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Convoy, or by such Ship having a Commission, fiorea Ships are whilst the said commissioned Ship shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy. under Convoy.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioner* the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High of" the Ad n Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Times here- n’ty rev ke after, to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands,

any Commission or Commissions which shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who shall be nomi- ltn> c* nated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, by virtue of this Act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall, with all con- Secretary of the venient Speed, after any and every such Commission shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing Admiralty to to be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners, or Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, or some one of

them, of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Older of Revocation; and in case such Ship or tn^hc OaIco'01 Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the ’

said Commission at the Expiration of twenty Days from and after such Notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if Notice shall be actually given in Writing, by the Secretary of the Admiralty, to the Captain or Commander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Ca/e Fi'di/ferre, at the Expiration of six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America, or the IF-ji Indies, at the Expiration of three Months: And any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, who com-

Surety or Sureties, of any such Ship or Vessel, whereof such Commission or Commissions, issued or to he* rij n d" 10

issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in Council, within thirty J\,s m

Days next after the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (h ill cause Norice thereof to be given as runc4 ’

aforesaid; and the Determination of his Majesty in Council, touching every such Complaint, shall be find.

V. Provided always, That in case any such Greer of Revocation shall be superseded, such Commission shall be deemed and taken to have continued in Force, and nil Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong to, and be the Property of, such Owners and Captors, in such Manner as the same would have been, in case such Order of Revocation had not been mace.

VI. Provided also, That no Person shall be liable to be punished for doing, before he shall have received personal Notice of such Order of Revocation, any Matter or Thing which he might have lawfully dune under the Authority of such Commission, in case such Order of Revocation had not been made

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the granting or bluing of any Commission in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as have been usual upon the granting or issuing of Commissions for private Ships of War; and thar, previous to the taking of !uch Bail and Security, the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security, shall severally make Oath, before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or his Surrogate, or other Person or Persons by such Judge or Surrogate lawfully commissioned, that, at the Time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more Money than the Sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their juff Debts; and moreover, the Marshal of the said High Court of Admiralty for the Time being, or lbs Deputy, or the Person or Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, is or are hereby requited and directed ro

Whrn any Or* a-.r r U rvocation flu ! be 1>( rrrr,

CU m nUr.'-n

h- vf "n rC hivv Contiiiuci i*. i rrrr.

[Proviso.]

U ;i, Ac to He t.ikcn be To pr-uUinyr any

Ccunni.liOiw

All Person* applying for any Commission, to set forth in Writing *n r*act Defer prion of the Vessel, its Ca'g, Number of Gun», See

Commanders of commissioned Ships to produce their Commis-linns to the Collector, Scc, of the Customi; who are to examine such Ships; and if found agreeable to the Description, to grant a Certificats* thereof.

Penalty on Commander leaving Port without a Certificate, dec.

Penalty on Collector, Customer, dec. (or granting a false Certificate.

Prcnrifo ft vr afcei taming the Tonnage.

If the Commander of any

commissioned SI) p shall agree v i:h a'y Person belonging to any P.ia ukm, for the Kanfoni thereof, dec.

he shall be deemed a Pirate, and suffer accordingly.

C. 7. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

make diligent Enquiry into; and satisfy himself or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make a Report thereof to the said Judge, or his Surrogate, before any such Commission shall lt granted or issued.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall apply to the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, in order to obtain any Commission to be granted or issued fonh in pursuance of this Act>, shall make every such Application in Writing; and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact Description of the Ship or Vessel employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty's Service, for which such Commission is requested,^ specifying the Cargo thereof, the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board the lame, to what Place belonging, and on what Voyage bound, and the Name or Names of the principal Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on board the same (all which Particulars shall respectively be inferred in every Commission to be granted or issued in pursuance of this Act); and that every Commander of a Merchant Ship, or a Ship retained in his Majesty's Service, for which a Commission shall be granted or issued in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher, for the Time being, of his Majesty's Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer or Searcher; and the said Collector, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspect and examine such Ship or Vessel; and if the same shall thereupon be found to be according to the Tenor of the Description inserted in such Commission as aforesaid, or be of a greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission, then such Collector, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and he or they is and are hereby required immediately, upon the Request of the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander; which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance before such Merchant Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail from that Port: And if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any Commission shall have been granted or issued in pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of Clearance, before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a Voyage with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission, or required by this Act, in every such Case, the Commission for such Ship or Vessel shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the Commander so offending, being convicted thereof before any Court of Admiralty, shall be imprisoned, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Space of Time as the said Court shall direct, not exceeding one Year for any one Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of his Majesty's Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen and Force specified in the Commission granted to the Commander or Commanders thereof, or of greater Burthen and Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit hrs said Office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any Office in the Customs, and shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, so be recovered by any Person or Persons who. will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Corporation for the Relief and Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, for the Use of such Corporation; or where huh Forfeitures shall be incurred in any of the Out-ports in which a Corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the Purposes aforesaid, then a Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees for the Use of the Corporation so established.

X. Provided always, That the Number of Tons so to be certified, be ascertained according to the Rules laid down by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpool).

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, at any Time or Times after the said twentieth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ftven, any Commander or Commanders of any Merchant Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels, duly commissioned by virtue of this Act, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons, of or belonging to any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, for the Ransom of any such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, or any Pait thereof, after the same shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements, actually quit, set at Liberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes, instead of bringing the same into some Port or Ports belonging to his Majesty's Dominions not in Rebellion; that then all and every of the Commander and Commanders of such commissioned Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels, who shall agree for any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at Liberty, or discharge, any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be guilty of Piracy, Felony, and Robbery, and he, they, and every of them, being duly copy idled thereof, shall have and suffer such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods and Chattels, as Pirates, Felons, and Robbers upon the Seas, ought to have and suffer according to the Laws now in being.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes which shall be taken by virtue of this Act, and which Prize or Prizes shall be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any other of the Courts of Admiralty in any of hb Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, mall exhibit, and cause to be registered, in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain^ or in the respective Courts of Admiralty in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere, where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid: And if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, for the Space of six Calendar Months next after Sentence of Condemnation of any Prize shall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or other Admiralty Court in any of his Majesty's Dominions, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents; such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or elsewhere; in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law* or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation, in any of the said Courts of Admiralty, shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents, as aforesaid, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

XIV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing-herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to such Restrictions and Regulations to which the same now are, or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Regulations and Provisions expressed and contained in the above-recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and all Clauses, Provides, Matters, and Things therein expressed and contained, shall be applied, and made use of, for effectually carrying this present Act into Execution, so far as the said Regulations and Provisions, Clauses, Provides, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, relate to, or in anywise concern, the Condemnation, or other Determination of Prizes, and the Proceedings thereupon, and also the Appraisements and Sales of Prizes, and Payment of Prize-money, and likewise the Penalties and Forfeitures to which the Judges and Officers of the Admiralty Courts, and also the Agents for Prizes, and Embezellers of any Part or Parts of Prizes, and all Officers of his Majesty's Customs, are thereby respectively made subject and liable, and shall (so far as the Nature and Circumstances of their respective Cases will admit of) extend to, and be construed, deemed, and taken, in all Courts of Admiralty, and all* other Courts whatsoever, to be in Force, with respect to all such Prize and Prizes as shall be seized and taken by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the like Regulations, Provisions, Clauses,- Provisoes, Matters, and Things, were herein particularly^ repeated and enacted.

XVI. And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Ships to be commissioned under the Regulations of this Act,

to attack, take, and destroy, any Ships of Force belonging to the said Colonies * be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, u» to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, that shall be actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or Merchant Ship or Ships letained in his Majesty's Service, to be commis-honed as aforesaid, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer or Privateers, shall be taken from the Rebels, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, five Pounds for every Man who was living on Board any Ship or Ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oaths of three or more of the chief Officers or Men who were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers of the Rebels, or belonging to any of them, at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the Port, within any of his Majesty's Dominions, whereunto any Prize, or Officers, or Men, of such Ships as were sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought; or before the British Confid or Vice-consul, refilling at any Port abroad to which such Prize, or Officers, or Men, shall be brought; which Oaths the said Mayo*, or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul or Vice-consul, are hereby respectively* impowered and required to administer; and shall forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, without Fee or-Reward, directed to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, together with an authentick Copy of they' Condemnation of such Ship so taken; or if such Ship be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, or Consul or Vice-confuly as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days, make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst, the Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, in Manner, Form, and Proportion! as, by his Majesty's P1 xlamation, the Payment of Prize-money is directed and appointed, to be divided

15

Agents shall register their Letters of Attorney within six Months after Sentence of Condemnation,.

or forfeit 500 U.

[Proviso.]

Ships and Merchandize taken

not to > be ere trip ted from Payment of Cuiioms, .&c«

Certain Clausea-iim6 Geo. III. Cap. >5. to be applied in crediting this ActJ-

Treasurer of thfcr: Navy to pay to the Officers, Seamen, &c. oni board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any -comruiflioned Ships, who shall take any Ship of War, Sec from the Rebels 5 I for ev-ry M*n on board such Ship,

Mfnnrr of <3i< \i sing the w Bounty,.

i6

Proviso velat’n^ to ariminilUfing the O.ith, ar.J p ai rin*' Certificate,

To what Per-so;>s the Bi'ls, to be made oat for the Bounty, ar^ to be

liable.

Pri 7.rs which had b<en taken from his Majesty's Subj £1* not in Rebel-l on, to be restored to them.

on Payment of

onr-ei^hrii Part 0‘ the Value thereat*.

OfTencei on, bra-d corr-m (honed S i;>s p»'n>fh \b!e in the same Manner as on boari Ships of War.

Offenders ar-ctiled of Crim * co nizable only by a Corr‘ Ma-ti 1, to be confined cn bcair1, tec.

C. 7.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

vided; and amongst the Owners, Officers and Seamen of any Merchant Ship or Vessel, or Ship or Vessel retained in his Majesty's Service, to be commissioned by virtue of this Act, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing, they shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That in all Cases where any such Oath and Certificate cannot be admir mitered and granted at the first Port where any Prize, or Officers, or Men, of such Ships as shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, such Oath or Oaths, relating to any Prize or Prizes th it shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken, by and before the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate of any Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions, or by or before the British Consul or Vice-consul reftding at any Port abroad, whereunto any Prize or Prizes, or Officers, or Men, of any Ships belonging to the Rebels, as shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any Time afterwards be brought (Proof being fi ll: made, by Affidavit, before such Person or Persons, of the inability of making such Oath or Oaths, and obtaining such Certificate at the said first Port); and the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice-consul, shall thereupon grant such Certificate and Certificates as are herein-before oirested; which Certificate and Certificates shall b' good and effectiiHl to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were granted by the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice-consul, of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, Officers or Men, as aforesaid, shall be first brought; any Thing herein contained ro the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bill or Bills, to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to the Commanders and Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others of his Majesty's Ships of War, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying, any Ships of War or Privateers, belonging to any of the said rebellious Colonies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised and appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Ship’s Company, and others intitled thereunto, in like Manner as directed by the said in part recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the nominating and appointing Agents for Appraisements and Sales, to be made as aforesaid, the same to be distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons so authorised and appointed amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion, as aforesaid; the several Shares of which Captois, if not legally demanded within three Years after public Notification, and also of such as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And that the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Merchant Ships to be commissioned by virtue of this Act, for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying, any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of the said rebellious Colonies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers or Seamen of such Merchant Ship or Vessel, or Ship or Vessel retained in his Majesty's Service, to be commissioned as aforesaid, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major Part of them, to be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Goods, therein shall appear, and be proved in the High Court of Admiralty,* or any Vice-admiralty Court, to have belonged to any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining and continuing in their Allegiance to the King, and under his Majesty's Protection, which were before taken or surprized by any of his Majesty's rebellious Colonies or Plantations before-mentioned, and at any Time afterwards again surprized and retaken from his Majesty's said rebellious Colonies or Plantations, by any Ship or Vessel having such Commission as aforesaid; that then such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects remaining and continuing under his Protection, shall in all Cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by Decree of the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty Court, accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of Salvage (if retaken from the Rebels by a Merchant Ship or Vessel commissioned as aforesaid), one-eighth Part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, respectively so to be restored; which Salvage shall be answered and paid to the Commander, Officers, and Crews of such commissioned Ship or Vessel, to be divided in such and the same Manner as before in this Act is directed, touching the Share of Prizes to the Owners, Commanders and Crews of Merchant Ships, or Ships retained in his Majesty's Service, having Commissions as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas in all Ships or Vessels which shall be commissioned in pursuance of this Act, it is expedient for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships, that all Persons who shall enter themselves on board the said Ships or Vessels should be under proper Regulations to pay Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chief Commanders of the said Ships and Vessels;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman on board any Ship or Vessel, which shall be commissioned by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, during the Continuance thereof, shall be punished in such Manner as the like Offences are punishable on board his Majesty's Ships of War.

XXI. Provided always, That all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable only by a Court-martial, shall be confined on board such Ship or Vessel in which such Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive in Tome Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with a Number of his Majesty's Ships of War abroad as are sufficient to make a Court-martial: And upon Application made by the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, which shall be so commissioned as aforesaid, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's said Ships of War abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or such Commander in Chief abroad, are hereby authorised and requited to call a Court-martial for trying and punishing the said Offence.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3.

[- Act or.».

[Treble Costs.]

[Treble Costs.]

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- L'mbattonof menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act; then, and in every such Case, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence: And if the Act General |,ruef shall appear to have been done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such finding, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or discontinue his or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Pro- <*ontfiV!Mre viso, Matter and Thing herein contained, shall remain, continue, and be in Force, for, duting, and until of lh‘* Ad, the Expiration, or other (boner Determination of the aforesaid Act of the last Session of Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe), as relates to the Day on which the annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company as well in India as in Europe); it is, among other Things, enacted, That at the then next en- filing General Election of Directors of the said United Company, instead of an Election of twenty-four Directors to serve for the Space of one Year only, there should be chosen, in such Manner and Order as the Directors of the said United Company for the Time being should appoint, six Directors expressly for the Term of one Year and six other Directors for the Term of two Years, and six other Directors for the Term of three Years, and the remaining six Directors for the Term of four Years, and not otherwise; and from thenceforth yearly and every Year and at the Expiration of each and every of the said Terms respectively, six new Directors, and no more, should be chosen, from Time to Time, in the

Place of such Directors whose Term should have expired, and who were thereby declared incapable of being then rechofen; and at every subsequent Election, during the Continuance of the Charter of the said United Company, six new Directors should be chosen, and should continue to be Directors for the Term of four Years, and no longer, to be accounted from the Day on which the Election of such Directors was respectively made; and in case the Office and Authority of any such Director should become Void, by Death, Removal, or otherwise, another should be chosen, from Time to Time, in his Place;

to serve as a Director during the Remainder of such Term for which the Person whose Office should have become void was chosen, and no longer: And whereas the first General Election of Directors of the said United Company, after the passing the said recited Act, was made on the thirteenth Day of April, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, at which Time six Directors were chosen for the Term of one Year, six other Directors for the Term of two Years, six other Directors for the Term of three Years, and six other Directors for the Term of four Years, according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and afterwards on the thirteenth Day of April which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, six other Directors were chosen for the Term of four Years, in the Room of those Directors who were elected for one Year, as aforesaid;

and on the thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, fix other Directors were chosen for the Term of four Years, in the Room of those Directors who were elected for two Years, as aforesaid: And whereas there is not any Provision in the said Act, for the making an Election of Directors of the said United Company at any other Time than on the exact Day when the Term of the former Elections expire: And whereas the Day of Election of Directors in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; according to the said recited Act, will happen on Sunday, the thirteenth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; but it is highly improper that such Election should be made on a Sunday, and it is expedient that the like Impropriety should be prevented in future ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, indead of the said General Election of six Directors of the said United Company, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, for the Term of four Years, being made on Sunday, the said thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the same Election shall be made on Wednesday, the sixteenth Day of the same Month of April; and in respect to all future annual Elections of Directors of the said United Company, indead of the same being made on the exact Day of the Expiration of the Term for which the former Directors were elected, in pursuance of the said recited Act, such future annual General Elections of Directors of the said United Company, shall be made on the second Wednesday in the Month of April in every Year.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Term of three Years, for which six Directors of the said Company were elected, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and which will expire on the thirteenth Day of Aprils one thoulari seven hundred and sevenry-seven, shall be enlarged; and such Directors so elected for the Term of three Years, shall continue Directors of the said

PtfnnnMr.

Ad> Geo. III. rcci'.ctl.

Gc’ier?] r.Jeftioa of Dire^Ms (Vr 1777, ro be on Wednesday, April 16; and a I future annua. B.rc-ti->ns on the second Wednesday in April. C»aafe relating to the Detrr-rr ination of the Term* fir vi1 ich the Di-rrelars are

rreiars

18 C. 8, 9. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Duefton to fire Notice in the London Gazette of the Day of Electionbj his A O appointed.

United Company until the said sixteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and during the whole of that Day; and in respect to the said Directors elected in the said Years, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, fot the respective Terms of four Years; and as to all future Directors of the said United Company to be elected for the Term of four Years, in case the said respective Terms of four Years shall happen to expire before the second Wednesday in the Month of April in that Year in which the said respective Terms of four Years shall expire, yet such Directors shall continue to be Directors of the said Company until the second IFednesday in the Month of April in which the said respective Terms of four Years shall end, and during the whole of that Day; and in case the said respective Terms of four Years shall not have fully run out on the said second Wednesday of the said Month of April, in any subsequent Year, in which the said Terms shall respectively expire; in such case the same Terms respectively shall end and expire at the End of the Day on the said second Wednesday of the said Month of April in such Year in which the said respective Terms of four Years shall end and expire, in the same Manner as if the whole Term of four Years was fully run out; any Thing in the said recited Act of Parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas Notice hath been duly given, that the Election of Directors in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, will be on the thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Directors of the said United Company shall, within seven Days after the passing of this Act, cause Notice to be given in the London Gazette, that instead of the General Election of fix Directors of the said United Company, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, for the Term of four Years, being made on Sunday, the thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the same Election will be made on Wednesday, the sixteenth Day of the same Month of April; which Notice (together with the said former Notice) shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Notice of the said Election; any other Law or Statute in any wise notwithstanding.

---

CAP. IX.

An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a Rebellion and War have been openly and traiterously levied and carried on in certain of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and Acts of Treason and Piracy have been committed on the High Seas, and upon the Ships and Goods of his Majesty's Subjects, and many Persons have been seised and taken, who are expressly charged or strongly suspected of such Treasons and Felonies, and many more such Persons may be hereafter so seised and taken: And whereas such Persons have been, or may be brought into this Kingdom, and into other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, and it may be inconvenient in many such Cases to proceed forthwith to the Trial of such Criminals, and at the same Time of evil Example to suffer them to go at large;’ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons guilty of High Treason in America, or at Sea, or of Piracy, or suspected thereof, may be kept in Custody till Jan. 1, 1778.]

That all and every Person or Persons who have been, or shall hereafter be seised or taken in the Act of High Treason committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or in the Act of Piracy, or who are or shall be charged with or suspected of the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of the said Colonies, or on the High Seas, or of Piracy, and who have been, or shall be committed, in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, for such Crimes, or any of them, or for Suspicion of such Crimes, or any of them, by any Magistrate having competent Authority in that Behalf, to the Common Gaol, or other Place of Confinement as is herein after provided for that Purpose, shall and may be thereupon secured and detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that no Judge or Justice of Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons without Order from his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, signed by six of the said Privy Council, until the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[His Majesty may appoint Places of Confinement for such Prisoners.]

II. 'And whereas it may be necessary to provide for such Prisoners within this Realm some other Placed of Confinement besides the Common Gaols;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, to appoint one or more Place or Places of Confinement within the Realm, for the Custody of such Prisoners; and all and every Magistrate and Magistrates, having competent Authority in that Behalf, are hereby authorised to commit such Persons as aforesaid to such Place or Places of Confinement, so to be appointed, instead of the Common Gaol.

[What Offences shall be deemed Piracy.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Offences shall be construed to be Piracy within the Meaning of this Act, except Acts of Felony committed on the Ships and Goods of his Majesty's Subjects by Persons on the High Seas.

[No Person punishable by this Act for any Offence committed within this Realm.]

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained, is intended, or shall be construed to extend to the Case of any other Prisoner or Prisoners than such as shall have been out of the Realm at the Time or Times of the Offence or Offences wherewith he or they shall be charged, or of which he or they shall be suspected,

[This Act to continue in Force till Jan. 1, 1778.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and no longer.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10, 11. 19

CAP. X.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

CAP. XI.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and

Journeymen Hot-prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages: And by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages And by another Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an

Altsai Geo. III.

14 Geo. III.

Snd 15 Geo. III. recited.

Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages: Certain Penalties and Punishments, in the said Acts respectively mentioned, are inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel false or short Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials used in the said Manufactures: And whereas the good Purposes of the said Laws have been greatly frustrated, drom the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the Loft attending the Resentment of the Spin- ners and Work People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts: And whereas this important Branch of the Woollen Manufactory will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the Manufacturers are enabled jointly to carry these Laws into effectual Execution; which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a General Meeting of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, shall be held at Halifax, in the County of York, on the second Monday in the Month of June next ensuing after the passing of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, Notice of which shall be given in the Leeds and Manchester Newspapers, at lead twenty-one Days before the said Meeting, by the Clerk of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York; at which said General Meeting the said Manufacturers present, by themselves, or Proxies appointed by Writing under the Hand of any of such Manufacturers, (bail have Votes; and having first chosen a Chairman, the Yorkshire Manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and appoint eighteen Persons from amongst themselves, and the Lancashire and Cheshire Manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and appoint nine Persons from amongst themselves; which said eighteen and nine Persons so to be elected, shall be a Committee of the said Manufacturers for the Time being, and until another Committee shall be chosen and appointed in the Manner herein after provided, and so as often as there shall be Occasion; which Committee are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper Persons, to be licensed by the Justices of the Peace of the West Riding of the County of York, at any of their Quarter Sessions for the said Riding, or any Adjournment thereof, to be Inspectors for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and also to have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Offenders against this and the said before-mentioned Acts, and the Management of the Fund herein after to be created, and to do all other Matters and Things which may be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner as the said Committee of the Manufacturers for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, at a publick Meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the Interest and Advantage of all the said Manufacturers.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or the greater Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled (and they are hereby authorised and required), from Time to Time to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a proper Person to be their Clerk; which said Clerk shall attend the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in proper Rooks to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep true and perfect Accounts of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Committee; and that each and every of the said Manufacturers shall and may at all convenient Times have recourse to, and perule and inspect, all such Books gratis, and may demand and

Central Meeting of Manufacturers appointed \

These of Yorkshire to cleft eighteen, and thnfe of Lancashire and Cheshirc nine Persons, to be Committee.

Committee to appoint a Clerk S

His Duty.

20

Quarterly Mret-in^i a^oii.ted.

Chairman to be i uoko.

Questions to be

drtcrir.ined by a Majoriiy.

Ko ’Business to te done at Qj irterly Meot-inj;', unkfs seven Mtrr.bwrt ate present.

Three Committee-men may rail Special Meeting.

New Committee-men to be rhofen in rafe of Death, &c.

If Committee

jtegUkt thoir Duty,

*Justices mar, cn Complaint thereof, cjU a General Meet-103, &c,

C. i r. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying Twopence for every one hundred Words so to be copied; and if the Clerk shall refuse to permit any such Manufacturer to inspect such Books, or refuse to make Copies or Extracts thereof, at the Rate or Times aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in (itch Manner as any other Penalty inflicted by this Act is directed to be recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Meeting of the find Committee, for the Time being, shall be held four Times in every Year; (that is to say) on the Monday before Mid- summer day, on the Monday before Michaelmas-dny, on the Monday before the Epiphany, and on the Monday before Eujhr-dny, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of each and every of the said Days, who (halt have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as Occasion may require; three of which said Quarterly Meetings of such Committee shall be held at some Place or Places within the County of York, and the other Quarterly Meeting shall be held at some Place within the County of Lancaster\ the first of which said Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the first of the said Days on which the said Quarterly Meetings are hen in-before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the Election of such Committee as aforesaid, and at such Place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such Committee after their Election; and at such first Quarterly Meeting, and every subsequent Quarterly Meeting of such Committee for the Time being, a Chairman for each of such said Quarterly Meetings being chosen, the Place at which the then next following Quarterly Meeting shall be held, shall be fixed upon and appointed by the Majority of such Committee then assembled; and the Chairman of such Committee is hereby required to cause fourteen Days Notice to be given, of the Time and Place where the next following Quarterly Meeting of such Committee is appointed to be held, in the Leeds and Manchester weekly Newspapers: And all Matters or Things which shall come before such Committee for their Determination, shall^e determined by a Majority of Vote:, of the Members of such Committee then present; and if there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question which shall come before the said Committee, then the Chairman shall have a casting Vote, by which Vote such Question in Dispute shall be determined.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not at any of such Quarterly Meetings be there present and assembled seven of the Persons constituting such Committee, then and in such Case it is hereby declared, that no Business whatsoever shall be done at such Meeting; and the Majority of the Persons then present shall appoint at what Place the next Quarterly Meeting shall be held, and give fourteen Days Notice thereof in the Leeds and Manchester weekly Newspapers, in Manner above-mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any three or more of such Committee for the Time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the Powers granted by this Act into Execution, or for settling or difeuffing any Matters or Things whatsoever relative to the same, a Special Meeting of such Committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said three or more of the said Committee for the Time being, to direct the Clerk to give Notice of such Special Meeting of the Committee, to every Member thereof, setting forth the Place where, and the Time when, such Special Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such Special Meeting seven of the said Committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so present, to proceed in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act to such Committee.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any one or more of the said Committee for the Time being shall die, or shall decline Business as a Manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any distant Part of the Kingdom, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves from the said Quarterly Meetings for the Space of one Year, or refuse 16 act, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee for the Time being, at any of their said Quarterly Meetings, there being seven of such Committee then present, to choose another or other proper Person or Persons, being Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted, in his or their Place or Places, who shall have the same Power and Authority as if appointed at a General Meeting.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter it shall appear to any fifty or more of the said Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, that the said Committee for the Time being neglect to discharge their Duty, to the Ends, Intents, and Purposes for which such Committee was appointed; and in case such fifty or more of such Manufacturers so dissatisfied shall, in Writing under their Hands, make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, in any of the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said West Riding to be held and assembled, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices in such Sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the Nature of such Complaint) to call and appoint a General Meeting of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, at such Time and Place as such Justices shall think proper, and shall also cause Notice to be given of such General Meeting of such Manufacturers as aforesaid, in the Leeds and Manchester weekly Newspapers, setting forth the Place where, and Time when, such General Meeting shall be held, the same not being less than twenty-one Days after such Notice given in the said Papers, and which Notice shall be continued in the said Papers until such Meeting shall be held; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Manufacturers then present at such General Meeting called and held in Manner as aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a Committee, confiding of the same Number of Persons, and in the like Manner, and under and subject to the Pke Orders, Regulations, and Directions, herein-before laid down and ordered for the Election of the first Committee; and the Persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new Committee, in Manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be invested with the same Powers and Authorities as the former Committee were liivxfted with.

21

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo. Georgii III. Cfu.

VIII. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses for the future by Persons employed in the said Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, and for the more effectual

carrying this Act into Execution ;* be it further enacted, Thar the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, at their next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said H iding, or any Adjournment thereof, alter Ah dfu miner next after the passing of this Act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such Persons, of good Chirafler and Repute, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, as shall he recommended to the said Justices by the said Committee of Manufacturer>, or any seven of such Committee, in Writing under their Hands, to be Inspectors of Worsted Yarn, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Manufacturers for the Time being, or any seven of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to station such Inspectors for such Districts in the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chaster, as the said Committee, or any seven of them, shall think proper; and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said Inspectors so appointed, such yearly Salaries as the said Committee, or any seven of them, shall think proper, to be paid out of the Fund herein after mentioned to be raised for that and the other Purposes of this Act; and also shall and may remove, dismiss, and dif pi ace any of such Inspectors, who, by Sickness, or any other Accident, shall be rendered incapable of serving the said Office, or shall misbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors for the Time being; so appointed, shall severally and respectively, in the several DistiicH allotted to them hv the said Committee, use all due Diligence and Industry for the convicting and bringing to Justice all Offenders against this and the said former Acts 5 and also shall and do from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said Committee, inspeS the several Reels of all and every the Spinners of Worsted Yarn, in their several and respective Districts within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, and also the Hanks of Worded Yarn, in order to see that the Directions herein after laid down for reeling such Yarn be complied with; and also shall and do from Time to Time, when and as they or any of them shall detedf any Person or Persons offending against this or the said former Acts, lodge Informations against such Offender or Offenders before the proper Justice or Justices of the Peace, and prosecute such Offender or Offenders to Conviction: And, for the easier Detection of all Offenders against this and the said former Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Inspector or Inspectors, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to demand Entrance, at all seasonable Hours, into the Dwelling-house or Dwelling-houses, Shop or Shops, Outhouse or Outhouses, of any Agents, or Persons hired or employed to put out Wool to be spun, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, to inspect the Yarn in the Custody of any such Agent, or Person hired or employed as aforesaid, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, where he has any Information of, or suspects any false or short reeled Yarn; and in case of Refusal by any such Agent, or Person hired or employed to put out Wool to be spun into Worded Yarn, to permit and fuftvr such Inspection, he, she, or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, as such Justice or Justices, before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons employed, or undertaking to spin or reel Worded Yarn for Hire, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, or any of them, shall reel, or tause or procure the same to be reeled, cither upon a Yard Reel of thirty-six Inches, or a Two Yard Reel of seventy-two Inches, round; and when such Worded Yarn shall be so reeled, that each and every feieral Hank of such Worded Yarn shall consist of, or contain, seven Raps or Leas, and that each and every such Rap or Lea shall consist of, or contain, eighty Threads of such Worded Yarn.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, hired or employed in the combing of Wool, or in the spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of Worded Yarn, or in the preparing or working up any of the Materials used in the said Manufactures, in the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, or any of them, shall reel or cause to be reeled any Worded Yarn contrary to the Directions herein-before specified and laid down for the reeling such Yarn, or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, sell, or otherwise dispose of, any Wool, or other Materials, entruded with him, her, or them, to spin, or other Purpose;, and shall of all or any of such several Offences be lawfully convicted, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence or Offences dull be committed, or where such Offender so charged shall refrJe or inhabit, upon the Oath of the Owner of such Yarn or Wool, or upon the Oath of the Inspector or Inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer), or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with all or any of such Offences, shall, for each and every such Offence, be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former Acts, so far as the said former Acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which Penalties shall be recovered, and Punishments inflicted, in the Manner directed by the said Acts, or any of them; and which said Penalties shall he publickly distributed by the Constable of such Township, Parish, or Place, where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, in the Presence and under the Direction of the said inspector or Inspectors, amongst the Poor of such Township, Parish, or Place, last above-mentioned.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That no Part or Share of such Penalties or Forfeitures be given to such Offender or Offenders, his, her, or their Family or Families.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Agents, or Persons hired or employed to put out Wool to be spun into Worded Yarn, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or possession, any Worsted Yam not reeled according to the Directions herein-before specified and laid down for the reeling thereof, and dull refuse, or not set forth and give in Evidence, before any of his Majesty's

Justices to appoint InfprAorl of Worsted Yarn.

Commirrpf to station hifpcc-tofe, ani ahotir them Salaries, &c.

Inspector# to life D ligence in convicting and bringing Offend.rs 10 Justice;

Their Powers*

Direction* hovr WorHed Yarn shall be reeled.

Penalties on false reeling of Worsted Yarn, &c.

Prorifo-

Penalty on A-gents refuting so discover Person# guilty of talle reeling Yarn*

22

U»>on the Death, fire, of Inspe©-for*, other* to be appointed.

Punishment of Inspectots fere^ning Offender* from Justice.

Fund to be established for defraying the Expences of the Execution of the Att.

Treasurer for the West Riding of Yorkshire to piv fhr Chatg"3 of thin out of the M^nie? to be r-teived by bimr

C. ii. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, or any Hiding, Division, City, liberty, Town, or Place, within the same respectively, being thereto required, what Person or Persons was or were the Reeler or Reelers of such false or short reeled Yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the Person or Persons who reeled, or caused to be reeled, such false or short Yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid,^ he, she, or they so refufine, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the Oath of any Person or Persons, before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as are herein-before mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Par-« cel of Yarn made up as and for a Pound, so false or short reeled, which shall be found in his, her, or their Custody; all which Penalties inflicted by this Act shall be recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties inflicted by the said former Act9 are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied, by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Form, to the Poor of the Township, as the Penalties herein- before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so appointed ai« Inspector of Worked Yarn, shall happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from his said Office, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace of the said West Riding of the County of York% in Quarter Sessions assembled as aforesaid, to license forae other proper Person or Persons to be an Inspector or Inspectors of Worsted Yarn, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, upon the like Recommendation, and in such Manner as is herein-before mentioned j which said Person or Persons shall be invested with all the Powers, and subject to the like Removal, and liable to the like Penalties, for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, as the Inspector of Inspectors, in whose Place or Places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was invested with or subject and liable to,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector or Inspectors, so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times hereafter take or receive, from any Person or Persons offending against this or the said former Acts, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Thing whatsoever, to fereen from Justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid from being convicted for such Offence or Offences, and being thereof convicted upon the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or where the Person or Persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Inspector or Inspectors so offending to the House of Correction. or other public Prison, in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, for the Space of one Month.

XVII. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament, made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent Acts, the Collectors of the Duties upon Sope, by the said Acts granted, are directed to pay out of the Monies in their Hands, by way of Drawback, unto any Person or Persons who should employ any Quantity of Sope in the making of any Manufactures whereof the created Part of the Value of the Materials should be Wool, or in preparing the Wool for the same, the Duties upon the Sope so spent and consumed as aforesaid; and to the End that a sufficient Fund may be raised for defraying the Expences in and about the obtaining this Act, and for paying the Salaries of the Inspectors and Clerk to be appointed under, and by virtue, and for the Purposes of this Act, and all other necessary Expences attending the carrying this Act into Execution, under the Direction of the said Committee ? be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons employed in the Collection of the Duties on Sope, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chestert and who by the said Acts are thereby directed to pay such Drawback of the Duties on Sope to such Manufacturers as aforesaid, and such Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons, are hereby required, from Time to Time, to deduct and retain the Sum of Two-pence out of every Shilling, to which any Person, being a Master Manufacturer of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted, residing within the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, shall from Time to Time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, she, or they shall demand Payment of, under and by virtue of the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, as and for the Duties of and for all Sope spent, employed, and consumed in the Combing of Wool, making of Worsted Yarn, or any kind of Goods made from Worsted, or preparing the Wool for the same, in the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester; and such Collector or Collectors. Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay, or cause to be paid, unto the Treasurer of the West Riding of the County of York for the Time being (Demand being made thereof), all and every the Sum or Sums of Money by him, them, or any of them, so deducted, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer for the said West Riding of the County of York, for the Time being, shall, out of the Money hereafter to be received by him in Manner aforesaid, pay the Charges and Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, and the Expences relative thereto, together with Interest for all or any Part of such Expences, the Salaries of the Inspectors and Clerk herein^-before directed to be appointed, the Expences of all Prosecutions in Support of this and the said former Acts, and such other Charges and Expences as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the Support and Encouragement of the said Manufactory, as the said Committee, or any four of them, in Committee assembled, shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint; and the said Treasurer is also hereby required not to pay any Sum or Sums of Money* so to be hereafter received by him for the Purposes of this Act in Manner aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Purposes whatsoever, without such Order, Direction, or Appointment, in Writing, under the Hands of such Committee for the

1

*3

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. u.

the Time seeing, or any four of them, in Committee assembled; and such Treasurer shall, and he is hereby required, yearly and every Year, at the Quarterly Meeting of the said Committee herein-before appointed to be held on the Monday before Michaelmas-day, in every Year, for the future, to return and transmit to such Committee, at such Quarterly Meeting, a true and perfect Account of all and every the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have come to his Hands, or been paid by him, since the then last yearly Account; which said Account shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace yearly to be held next after Michaelmas, by Adjournment, at Leeds, in the said West Riding, for their Inspection and Allowance.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case at any Time hereafter the Monies herein-before directed and ordered to be paid into the Hand* of the Treasurer for the said West Riding of the County of York, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after Payment of all and every the Charges and Expences hereinbefore ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the Sum of six hundred Pounds; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden at Leeds, as aforesaid, upon Application made to them by the said Committee, or any seven of them, by Writing under their Hands, or upon Application made to them the said Justices by fifty or more Matter Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, by Writing also under their Hands, to make Orders for reducing the aforesaid Twopence per Shilling, which the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise are herein-before directed to retain in their Hands, to Three-halfpence, One Penny, or a Halfpenny per Shilling, as they may think necessary, until such Fund shall be reduced to three hundred Pounds; and from Time to Time, upon like Application, to advance or reduce the same, so as the Fund in the Treasurer's Hands shall not exceed six hundred Pounds, nor be reduced to less than three hundred Pounds, and so as the same shall never exceed the Rate, Proportion, or Sum of Twopence per Shilling, herein-before directed to be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner, and Form following; (that is to say)

The Rate of ft 4.

in the Shilling may be le-uted, &c.

How Justices re to proceed on Conviction of Offenders.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our FormifCon-

c Lord A.B. is convicted before me [or us] viaion.

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for [ specifying the Offence,

and the Place where the same was committed: and also specifying that it was the fifl, ft con d. or third Offence,

against this Act, as the Case fall be].

Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

TVhich Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly wrote on Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices, or upon any Conviction before him or them in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen Days next after the Cause of Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering the Offence on which the Conviction was made; and if the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions either confirm or disannul the Orders or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in Cases of Appeal from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sections, whose Order therein shall be final.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That the Person or Persons appealing to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, shall give Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said General or Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or Judgment be affirmed; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable, by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else where.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Order, or other Proceedings, so made or had, by or before any Justice of the Peace, in relation to the Premises, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad! committed, and not afterwards; and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the Counties of York,

Lancaster, and Chester, as the Case shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in

such Actions or Suits shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in General Issue^ Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought aficr the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place,

Person* appealing to give Security to prosecute, &c.

Order of Justicei to be final*

Proceedings not to b? qua/hed for Want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

24

[Public Act.]

Treble Costs,

[Preamble,

Karnes of the Trultccr.

Their Power*.

Where new

RO'Vis to be

C. ir, 12. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. ‘ A.D. 1777.

that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases at Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of Broseley, to or near a Place called The Sheep-wash, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

WHEREAS the Parish of Brofcley, in the County of Salop, and the Parts adjacent, lying on and to the River Severn, are very populous, and full of Mines and Manufactures; and the 'r of dry aforesaid lies in a centrical Situation, between the Counties of Stafford, Warwick,

near to

Town of Brofelry aforesaid lies in a centrical Situation, between the Counties of Staff's Derby, and Leuc/ler, and several Parts of South and North H ales: And whereas, if a Budge was erected across the said River Severn, at or near a Place called Preen s Eddy, in the said Parish of Brojdey, to or near a Place called The Sheep-walk, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the said County of Salop, with proper Avenues or Roads to lead to the same; the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Brofcley, and other Parts adjacent, as also the Mines and Trade of that Part of the County of Salop, would be thereby greatly benefited and accommodated, a more short, ealy, and commodious Communication would be opened between the several Counties and Places aforesaid, and the same would be of great public Utility: And whereas the several Persons heicin-after named are willing and delirous, at their own Charge, to begin, carry on, complete, maintain, and leeep in Repair, a Bridge over the said River, from or near the said Place called Preens Eddy, to or near the said Place called The Shcrp-wash; and to make and open proper Roads or Avenues to and from the same, as herein after mentioned;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Yelvaton Davenport Esquire,* Robert Bromley Esquire, Thomas Stephens Esquire, Richard Lacon, Esquire, John Groome Esquire, the Reverend Edward Harries Clerk, Thomas Phi Hips, Edward Blake way, Samuel Shunning, John Wilkinson, Francis Horn fray, George Matthews, John Matthews, William Bancks the younger, John Harlfnorne, John Barrett Corbet, Daniel Onions, Thomas Brettell, Thomas Brettell the younger, and Richard Brett ell, together with such other Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, assembled at the first, or any subsequent Meeting, to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall nominate and appoint, under their Hands and Seals; and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be Trustees, for setting out, carrying on, building, completing, and maintaining, at their own proper Costs and Charges, a Bridge across the said River Severn, from or near the said Place called Preen s Eddy, to or near the said Place called The Sheep-waft) \ and for making and keeping in good and sufficient Repair, proper Roads or Avenues to and from the same; and for putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities in and by th s Act given and granted; and for that Purpose, shall have full Power and Authority, by themselves and their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others, to remove any Shelves, or other Obstructions in the said River, and to dig up, take, and carry away, all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment whatsoever, and also to dig, cut, and level the Banks of the said River, in such Manner as shall he necclfiry and proper for the building the said Bridge, and to erect and make, in and over the find River, and the Lands adjoining, or near to the same, any Sheds, Trenches, and Landing-places, and to pull down and remove any Houses or other Buildings, Wharfs, or other Erections, and from Time to Time, and at all Trines, to do all other Matters and Things necessary and convenient for making, erecting, supporting, and maintaining the said Bridge, and the Roads or Avenues to and from the same, and for making and doing the several other Matters and Things in and by this Act authorised to be done, doing as little Damage as may be, and first making Satisfaction and Recompence to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupies of, and Persons interested in, any Houses, Buildings, or other Ercblions, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments that shall be made use of, pulled down, damaged, or prejudiced by, for, or upon account of creeling and maintaining the said Bridge, or by, for, or upon account of laying out and making proper Roads or Avenues to and from the same, or by, for, or upon account of the doing and performing any other Act*, Matter, or Thing hereby authorised to be done and performed, for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted hv the Authority aforesaid, That one proper and commodious Road or Avenue shall be made to the said Bridge from the Turnpike Road leading from Brofcley to Idrithenonh, to begin at or near the End of Brojdey Town, and to be continued from thence through the said Pm :fli of Brofcley, to or near Preen’s Eddy aforesaid; and one proper and commodious Road or Avenue shall be made from the Turnpike Road leading from 11 dlington to Bridgenorth, to begin at the said last-meiulo: ed Turnpike Road, and 10 be continued from thence through the said Parish of Sutton Maddock, to or ivv.r the Sheep-wash aforesaid; whion laid several Roads or Avenues shall, at the Charge of the said Truflce*;, be fenced oil and teparated from the adjoining Lands with Quicksets, "and Polls and Rails, or other wise, as

Trnieet rots lay oat Wharfs and area Ware-houset, dec.

and take Whjp* sage, k€t

Bodies Politic, &c. impowered

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 12. 2$

as shall be found necessary, with proper and sufficient Gates to open into and out of the said Roads or Avenues, through which the respective Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands, and their Servants apd Agents, shall and may at all Times thereafter hare free Ingress, Egress, and Regress, to pass and repass with their Horses, Teams, and Cattle; and the same Roads and Avenues shall be made, and at all Times afterwards maintained and repaired by and out of the Tolls and Dues hereby granted, or out of the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint.

III. And whereas, for the better Conveyance and Delivery of Goods and Merchandise, to be font to and from the said River Severn, it may be necessary to lay out, make, and erect one or more Wharf or Wharfs, Warehouse or Warehouses, on the Banks of the said River, near to the said Bridge,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to make and lay out one or more Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, on the Lands or Grounds on either Side of the said River Severn, adjoining to the said Bridge, for the Purpose of loading and unloading Goods and Merchandises into and out of the Barges and other Vessels navigating on the said River: And also to erect one or more Warehouse or Warehouses, Weigh-beams and Cranes, for receiving, weighing, and landing the said Goods and Merchandises: And also to make proper Roads to and from the said Wharfs and Warehouses; and to erect any other Buildings requisite for the Purposes aforesaid, but not Dwelling-houses, other than a House or Houses for the Habitation of a Person or Persons to superintend and manage such Wharfs or Warehouses: Provided that such Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, Erections, and Buildings, be made within the Distance of sixty Yards from the said Bridge: And also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by themselves and Agents, to have, receive, and take such Rates,

Dues, and Prices, for the Wharfage and Warehouse-room of all Goods and Merchandises which shall be laid upon such Wharfs or Quays, or deposited in such Warehouses, as shall be agreed upon between the said rustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Merchandises, or as shall be a reasonable Satisfaction and Amends for the Wharfage or Warehouse-room of such Goods or Merchandises.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate

or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, Femes*covert. Infants, or Issue unborn, Lunatics* idiots, or Cestuique Trusts, and other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or poT&ffed of, or interested in, any such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Tenure whatsoever, to treat, contract, or agree with the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, for the Purchase thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, either by a Sum of Money in gross, or by an annual Rent for the same, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require, for the Purposes of this Act: And all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between such Owners,

Occupiers, or Persons interested, and the said Trustees, concerning the Recompence or Satisfaction to be made for the Purchase of any such Houses, Erections, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Interest therein, or for any Loss or Damage which shall at any Time hereafter be occasioned thereto in the Exercise of any of the Powers under and by virtue of this Act; or in case any such Owner, Occupier, or Person interested as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to treat or agree for the same for the Space of fourteen Days after Notice to him, her, or them, given in Writing, or left at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Salop, or any two or more of them, to hear, settle, adjust, and determine the same; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, or any two or more of them, to cause the Matter in Dispute to be enquired into, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men, who shall ascertain what Damages will be sustained by, and what Satisfaction and Recompence shall be made to such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, or other Person or Persons respectively, interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and they the said Justices, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorised from Time to Time to issue their Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Salop, thereby requiring him to impannel, summon, and return a Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to Sheriff* to !m-serve on Juries, not less than twenty-four nor more than forty-eight; which Persons such Sheriff, or his pmneja J«ry, Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to, or upon such Summons, a Jury of twelve shall be drawn by such Justices, or any two or more of them, or some Person to be by them appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined, in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; and the Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, are hereby required to appear before the said Justices, or any two or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed: of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall have

In case of any

Difference, Justicet of the Peace to determine the (amt by a Jury.

C. 12. 26

Jurymen may be challenged.

Witnesse* to be examined on Oath.

Verdi# of the Jury, &c. to fce final.

Two Transcripts to be made of the Proceedings of the Justices and Jury.

On Payment, &c. of the Money aftefltd, Trustees niay pull down Hou^s, <Sx,

Ir> Default of Jtuyinen *ttend-ini?, Sheriff to r«iura others.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

fourteen Days Notice given or left in Manner as aforesaid, and to attend them from Day to Day, until they shall be discharged by such Justices, or any two or more of them; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen so impannelled, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Justices, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, by rrecept or Precepts, under their Hands, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them any Person or Persons, in order to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, before the said Justices, or any two or more of them, and such Jury, touching and concerning the Premises; and-such Justices, or any two or more of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question; and shall have Power to adjourn such Meetings from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to order such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, to attend until all the Matters* for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths of such Person or Persons, as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices, or anyone or more of them, is and are hereby impowered and reauired to administer) shall esquire, touching the Value of such Houses, Buildings, or other Erections, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Interests of all the Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, seised or possessed thereof, or interfiled therein, or of or in any* Part thereof, or the Damages which shall or may be done to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Qr Hereditaments, by the doing or performing any of the Matters and Things by this Act authorised to be done and performed, and shall assess the Sum or Sums, Rent or Rents, to be paid to every such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, for such their Estates and Interests, and as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Damages they shall sustain as aforesaid; and the said Justices, or any two or more of them, shall give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money, Rent or Rents, so to be assessed; and the Verdict or Inquisition of such respective Juries, and the Judgments* Orders, and Decrees of the said Justices thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all Parties^ or Persons whomsoever, as well absent as present. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, or Interest in, to, or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either in Possession; Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Ideots, and Femes-covert, and Persons under any; legal Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, and all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, as against all other Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons interested in such Houses* Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby, after Payment or Tender of the said Sum or Sums of Money, so to be assessed in Manner herein after mentioned, or in case of^a Rent or Rents, then after such Rent or Rents shall be so assessed, be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the same; and the same shall from thenceforth become vested in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Purposes of this Act; and two Transcripts of all such Verdicts or Inquisitions, and Judgments, Orders, or Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries, so to be made, given, or pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by the Justices, making and pronouncing the same; one of which Transcripts, so signed and sealed, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk or Treasurer of the Lid Trustees y and the other of the said Transcripts, so signed and sealed, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Salop, to be preserved amongst the Records of the said County; and the said Transcripts so signed and sealed shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true Copies thereof, signed by the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, or by the said Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons concerned may have Recourse to the said Transcripts gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for each Copy not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for every one hundred Words, and so m Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words: And upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by such Juries, and adjudged or decreed by such Justices, to the Party or Parties concerned or entitled thereto as aforesaid, or to their Agent, or upon legal Tender thereof made so him or them; or in case any such Person or Persons, after fourteen Days Notice given to him, her, or them, or left at the House of the Occupier of the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, then upon Payment thereof into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Justices, or any two or more of them, shall, by any Writing, under their Hands, appoint to receive the same, for the Use of the Party or Parlies interested as aforesaid, and to be piid upon Demand to him, her, or them respectively; hr in case of an annual Rent or Rents, then after such annual Rent or Rents shall be so afftfled, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to hayef hold, use, and enjoy, such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to and for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful to and for their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to pull down and dispose of any such Houses, Buildings, and Tenements, and to make use of any such Lands, K ereditaments, and other Premises, for the Purposes of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify as well the said Justices, as the said Trustees, and all and every Person and Persons by them appointed and employed, or acting by Authority under them, against such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and agr inst all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not attend to be (worn for the Purposes of this Act, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return such other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, as shall be

5

A.D. 177?. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 12.

necessary to make up thp Number of Twelve to serve on such Jury; and that all Persons concerned shall from Time to Time have their lawful Challenges as aforesaid against any of such Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Justices, or any two or more of them aftingin the Premises, shall have full Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs respectively, making Default in the Premises, or upon any Person or Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Juries, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and likewise upon such Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to give ^Evidence, who shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or give Evidence, or to be examined by or before the said Justices, or any two or more of them, and, from Time to Time, to levy -such Fine or Fines by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons offending in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants, under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, to be directed to the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Township, Parish, or Place where 'such Offender or Offenders shall live, which Constable or other Peace Officer is hereby required to execute the same, so as no such Fine exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, which Fine shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same, for their Benefit.

VII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall act as a Justice or Justices, or be sworn to serve on any Jury, or be examined as a Witness under the Powers of this Act in any Case where he, she, or they is or are any Way directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Matter or Matters inaueftion.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the said Trustees to take Possession of or enter into any such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, until after

they shall have agreed with the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for and concerning the lame, or until after Payment, Tender, or Deposit of the Recompence or Satisfaction assessed and adjudged as aforesaid shall be made; or, in* case of Rent, until the same shall be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid; otherwise than for the Purpose of surveying, taking a Level of, and marking out the Ground which they intend to make use of for the Purposes aforesaid, and which it shall and may be lawful to and for them the said Trustees, with Workmen, Surveyors, and other proper Assistants, to do from Time to Time, and at every convenient Time, doing thereby as little Damage as may be, and giving four Days Notice to the Owner, Proprietor, or Occupier of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Time of coming to make such Survey, or to take such Levels, or to mark out such Ground, in order that such Owner, Proprietor, or Occupier may be present, if he, she, or they shall think (it, and making Satisfaction for all Damages that shall be done tp any Grass or Corn by making such Survey, taking such Level, or marking out such Ground, in case such Damage shall exceed the Value of One Shilling.

IX. Provided always, That in case any Verdict or Assessment shall be given for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage, than, what shall have been agreed to, and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning such Jury, then the Costs and Expences of summoning the Jury and Witnesses, and of the said Justices, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act,

, or out of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof but in case the Verdict or Assessment given shall be for no more or for less Money than shall have been first agreed to and offered by the said Trustees as aforesaid, then such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom She said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every annual Rent or Rents to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid for any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall become due, be paid by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, half-yearly, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, and such Person or Persons shall have the same Estate and Interest in such annual Rent or Rents as he, she, or they would have had in or to the Premises, in respect of which such Rent or Rents shall be so agreed for or assessed, in case this Act had never been made; and in Default of Payment thereof within thirty Days after the same shall become due (and being lawfully demanded L it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to the said Rent or Rents, or any of them, to commence or prosecute one or more Action or Actions at Law in Debt against the said Trustees, or any one of them, or against their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, and, upon such Action or Actions, to recover the Money then due, together with Costs of Suit, and to have such Remedies for the same as are allowed by Law for the Recovery of Rents in Arrear.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorise or empower the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to take down any Dwelling-house or other Building, or to enter upon or use any Garden, Park, Paddock, Plantation of Trees, Walk, or Avenue to a Mansion-house, that was or were used as such on or before the tenth Day of October last past, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof respectively first had and obtained in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the great Charge the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, will be put unto in ereding the said Bridge, and repairing and supporting the same, and also ia making the said Roads and Avenues, and in doing and performing the several

27

Penalty on Sheriff, Jurors, or Witnesses, making Default.

Persons interested not to a& as Justices, &c,

Trustees not to enter until after Agreement or Satisfaction made, unless for the Purpose of taking Levels, dec.

Costs of Juries, Sec, how to be defrayed,

Rests how is be recovered.

Trustees rest rained from taking down Buildings, See#

Bridge vested in Trustees j

28 C. 12.

wfeo ffity tale* tkt following

Tolls.

T«rtfc ttfte* kTnflcii}

wfco mayert& Turaplket and Toll-hooJct.

T#!h may be kvied by Di£

fm!fe»

XseisMSoet fsoa Telia#

Tmfteet may reduce Tolh, &c.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

other Matters and Things herein-before authorised to be done and performed, the said Bridge, when builer and the Scitc thereof, as aUo the several other Works and Erections herein-before authorised to be made, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for ever; and it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to a(k, demand, receive, recover, and to take, to and for their own proper Use, Behoof, and Benefit, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, as often as any Foot Passenger, Carriage, Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, shall pass or rep a ft over the said Bridge, or through any of the Turnpikes or Toll-gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, and before any Passage shall be permitted through the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Sums following; that is to say.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Calash, Chair, or other such like Carriage, drawn by six Horses, Mares, Geldings, of Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence For every Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, and for every Pair or Yoke of Oxen or horned Cattle, drawing or harnessed, or yoked and intended to draw in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or upladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, canning double, the Sum of Two-pence For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any kft Number:—For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number:—For every Sledge, Drag, or such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence 2—For evefy Foot Passenger, One Halfpenny.'

Which said several and respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name 6f or as a Toll; and the Money arising thereby, and also all other Monies to be received by Authority of this Act, are hereby vested in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Athens, and shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act; and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be paid to them accordingly, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same: And they the said Trustees, by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed and employed, shall and may erect, or cause to be erected, one or more Turnpike 0/ Toll-house, Turnpikes or Toll-houses, in, upon, or near to the said Bridge, and in, upon, or across the Roads, or Avenues leading to and from the same, and from Time to Time to take down and remove such Turnpikes or Toll-houses, and to let up and erect the same, in, upon, and across any other Part of the said Bridge or Roads, as Occasion shall require; and thereat to collect and receive, or cause to be collected and received, and to levy the Tolls or Dues hereby made payable upon any Person or Persons, who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same, and the Person or Persons from Time to Time appointed to collect and receive the said Tolls or Dues shall be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and impowered to seize and distrain any Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing upon or in respect of which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any other of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to detain the same for any Time not exceeding the Space of five Days, and then, if the Tolls or Dues for which such Distress shall have been made, together with the Charges attending the detaining and keeping the same, shall not be fully paid and satisfied, he or they shall and may fell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) after Payment of the said Toll for which such Distress was taken, and the Cods of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, and also to and for all and every Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Things chargeable with any of the Tolls or Dues hereby granted, to pass once for the same Toll over the said Bridge, and through all and every the Turnpikes and Toll-gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, without being liable to pay > Toll at each Turnpike or Toll-gate; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, That the Driver of any Pack-horse, or of any Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass Toll-free over the said Bridge, and through any Toll-gate or Turnpike to be^ crested in pursuance of this Act, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Foot-passenger, nor for any Cattle of Carriage used or employed in drawing or carrying of Hay, Corn or Grain in the Straw, Muck, Dung, or Implements of Husbandry, nor for any Cattle going or returning to Failure, to or from any Lands or Grounds lying on either Side of any Turnpike or Toll-gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, having Occasion to pass or repass along the said Road, or through any such Turnpike or Toll-gate only, without going upon or over the said Bridge; nor shall more than One-half of the Toll* or Dues hereby granted be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Carriage or Beast having Occasion to pass through any Toll-gate or Turnpike to any Warehouse, Quay, or Wharf, on either Side of the said River Severn, without going upon or over the said Bridge.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at arty Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given and affixed on the Market-house at Brofeley aforesaid, and on the Turnpikes or Toll-gates to be erected in purftiatice of this Act, with the Consent of such and so many of the Trustees or other Person or Persons who shall be intitled to the Majority of Shares, or who shall have advanced the greater Part of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls or Dues by this Act authorised to be demanded and taken as aforesaid; and from Time to Time afterwards to advance and

C. If.

29

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

augment the same again, so as not to exceed the several Sums herein-before specified; and the Tolls so lefkned or reduced, and raised again, shall be collected and levied in such Manner, and applied for such Vies and Purposes, as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may, Trufoe* m»y and they are hereby impowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to fee, let, or demise the Tolls lettheToih* or Dues by this Act granted, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the same, from

Year to Year, or otherwise, as they shall think fit, under such Restrictions and Covenants as the said Trustees shall think fit; and if the Money which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, or any Part and, ;nDc-thereof, shall not be paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to re- f«ltof Pajr-ceive the same, within the Space of five Days next after the same shall become due and payable, then, on *« of Rent* Proof upon Oath of such letting, and of such Nonpayment, before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Salop (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer), the Money so due and owing shall 1

and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Renter or Lessee, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand $ and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting to pay as aforesaid, cannot For be found to answer and satisfy the Money in Arrear as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress Pt^rest^V^ and Sale, then such Justice of the Peace may, and is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and 10 co Seal, to cause such Person or Persons to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County of Salop, there to remain until the Money so in arrear and unpaid, and also the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, or shall be discharged by due Course of Law; or otherwise such Trustees shall and may sue for and recover the said Rent or Money so in arrear, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall use or employ any Boat, Barge, or other Ptiulty oa rfs* Craft, to ferry or convey any Person or Persons, Cattle, or Carriages, across the River Severn, within the Ferry-boats* ke* Distance of six hundred Yards above or below the Scite of the said Bridge when built, for Gain or Hire, or to evade the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, the Owner or Owners of any such Boat, Barge, or other Craft, and the Person or Persons employing or using the same as aforesaid, shall re-fpcfiively forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, for every Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule,

Ass, Beast, Sheep, Swine, Calf, or Lamb, and for every Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage whaiibever, which shall be ferried or conveyed as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take off or leave any Coach, Waggon, er leaving Gw* or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or Beast whatsoever, chargeable with any of the Tolls hereby riage* or Cattkr granted, in any Place before the same shall come to any Toll-gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll, each and every Person so offending shall, for every xo°lt. Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the Trustees shall be at the House of Daniel Meeting! of Onions, situate in the Parish of Brofeley aforesaid, on Friday, the second Day of Map one thousand seven hundred and seven ty-seven, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon; and the Trustees then present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and the other Trustees not then present, and meet there, or at any other Place, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution of which subsequent Meeting, and of every adjourned Meeting, to be held in pursuance of this Act, the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees shall cause publick Notice to be given in Writing, by affixing the same on the Market-house at Brofeley aforesaid, and on the Turnpikes or Toll-gates to be erected by virtue of thi*

Ad, ten Days at lead before the Day appointed for such Meetings respectively; and that two Trustee* shall be deemed a sufficient Number for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and when and so often as k>

AaJl happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad or to ad* jmrn, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall adjourn such Meeting, to be held at the same Place, on some Day within the Space of fourteen Days from the Time of such Adjournment 5 and that qll Orders and Dc- All Order of terminations of the said Trustees, in the Execution of this Act; shall be made at Meetings to beheld in Trustewtob* pursuance thereof, and by the Majority of the Trustees then present, and not otherwise; nor shall any MUgr

such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless seven Trustees shall c*

be present and contenting thereto; and that no Trustees herein named or appointed, or who shall be ad>- mitted \n pursuance of this Act, shall act, or be impowered to do any Ad in Execution of the Powers berebygiven, but at a Meeting or Meetings to be held under the Directions of this Act.

XX. And, to the End that the said Trustees may be enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, and Trustee* may to execute the several Purposts of this Act with Effect be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to *iQonl» and for the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to raise and contribute among® themselves, or by the Admission of any other Person or Persons, in such Proportion as to them shall seem meet and* convenient, a competent Sum of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two thousand to Pounds, and the same to divide into forty Shares, or such less Number of Shares as the whole Amount of *$k*tt*

the Sums advanced and paid will admit of, reckoning fifty Pounds to each Share; and no Person shall become a Proprietor of less than one Share in the said Undertaking; nor shall any such Person or Persons be a Proprietor of more than ten Shares either in his, her, or their own Name or Names, or ki the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, her, or them (except the same shall come to himself, or them, by Descent, Bequest, Marriage, or Act of Law), upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Shares exceeding ten Shares as aforesaid: And Appl'citi* the Money so to be raised is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied, in the first Place, for the Moaej*.

Md towards the Payment, Discharge, and Satisfadioa of the Costs> Charges, and Expences, of applying

fur,

e

30

C. 12. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Shares to be deemed personal Eihte.

Trustees rray vote either irt Person or by Proxy*

Trustees enabled to borrow 1,000l.

and to assign the Tolls as a Security.

for, obtaining, and passing this Act; and the Residue and Remainder of such Money shall be applied for and towards making, building, completing, and maintaining the said Bridge, and the Avenues and Roads to and from the same, and other the Purposes of this Act, and to no o:her Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and all and every the said Shares shall be deemed to be personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of real Property; and all and every Person and Persons, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally advance and pay in the Sum of fifty Pounds, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards executing the several Purposes of this Act, shall be intitled to receive, and shall receive, an entire and nett Distribution of one fortieth Part, or such greater Share or Proportion of the Profits arising from the Tolls or Dues hereby granted, or to be received, by the Authority of this Act, as the said Sum of fifty Pounds will bear, in Proportion to the whole Amount of the Money advanced and paid on the Credit thereof, and so in Proportion for any Number of Shares, not exceeding ten Shares as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have advanced and paid, or undertaken to advance and pay, for one or more Share or Shares, as aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be deemed a Trustee or Trustees, and shall be intitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings, to be held in pursuance of this Act, either personally, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals (such Proxy or Proxies being a Trustee or Trustees), for every Share or Shares he, she, or they, shall be so possessed of; and whatever Question, Matter, or Thing, shall be proposed, discussed, or considered, at any Meeting of the Trustees to be held by virtue of this Act, the same shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes then present, reckoning one Vote for every Share.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled at their first Meeting, or to be assembled at any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which subsequent Meeting, and of the Intention for which the same is to be held, fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given, and affixed upon the Market-house at Brofeley, and upon the Toll-gates or Turnpikes to be erected in pursuance of this Act), shall and may borrow, and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Tolls and Dues hereby granted, and for securing the Repayment thereof with Tnterest, to assign and mortgage all or

any of the Tolls or Dues hereby granted, to such Person or Persons as shall advance and pay the same, by an Instrument or Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words, or to the Effect following:

Fn>rm Assign- 4 12 Y virtue of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, rnent. D jor building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of

Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep-wa(h, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop, and for making Pr^r Avenues or Roads to and from the same \ we whole Names are hereunto set,

being five or more of the Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of Pounds, to us in Hand paid by

of do assign unto the said his [or herj

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and every the Tolls or Dues by the said Act granted [or such Part thereof as shall be agreed on between the said Trustees and the Person or Persons advancing the farne]y to hold to the said his [$rher] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from

'4 the Day of the Date hereof, until the said Sum of with Interest, after the

Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid off and satisfied. Witness our

Hands and Seals, the Day of

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, shall be in- titled to such Share of the said Tolls or Dues as the respective Sum or Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced and paid, shall bear in Proportion to the whole Sum advanced or borrowed upon the Credit of such Tolls or Dues, in equal Degree, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing. and paying the same.

Memorials of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That proper Entries or Memorials shall be made by the Clerk or llffiioments to Treasurer to the said Trustees, of all and every such Assignment or Assignments, containing the Dates, tb/clerk L Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned, in a Book or Book3, to be from Time to e Time provided and kept for that Purpose, who shall mark the said Assignment in this Manner, Entered Assignmentsmay A7!?. / [or as the Case may happenj A.B. Clerk to the Trustees 5 and all and every Person and Persons to »e want eric. whom such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, or who shall be inti led to the Money thereby secured,

may transfer and assign the same again, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest therein, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement thereon, in the Words or to the Effectr following:

Form of 4 T or we [, as the Case may happen] do transfer this Assignment, with all my [or our] Right, Title, and

Transfer. 4 Interest to and in the same, unto of his.farAfr]

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Dated this Day of

Witness

Transfers to be Which said aft-mentioned Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the Trustees, at some altered by the Meeting of the said Trustees, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the

* Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in the said Book dire 'e to be provided and kept for entering the original Alignments, for which Entry or Memorial the Clerk shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, by the Person or Persons producing the same; and after such Entries made (but not till then)» such Transfer shall imitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 12. 31

Assigns, to the Benefit thereof 5 and every such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer or Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Trustees Eftatw

charge, subject, or make liable the real or personal Estate of any Trustee, or of the Executors, Admini- ^thepV'ment (Irators, or Assigns of any Trustee^ who shall have signed and executed any Alignment or Alignments as 0° viortg.^C aforesaid, to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, or any Pait or Parts thereof. Money.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Trulces miy the said Trustees for the Time being, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to fell and assign any fell thdr Share*, Share or Shares, he, she, or they shall, from Time to Time, be entitled to, in the said Bridge Undertaking; and that such Sale and Assignment shall be made by an Instrument in the Words or to the Efieft following:

1 T«r We [as the Case may happen)> in Consideration of the Sum of to Form of Assign.

* paid by do hereby bargain, fell, and assign, tinto the said

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Share which entitled to

in the Preens %ddy Bridge Undertaking; to hold to Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the same Conditions that

held the same immediately before the Execution hereof. And

the said do hereby agree to accept of the said Share,

subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Conditions. Witness our Hands and Seals, the

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Duplicates of which said Assignment shall be executed by the Assignor and Assignee; and one Part thereof Duplicate*

shall be delivered to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be kept for the Benefit of the said thereof to be

Trustees; and an Entry thereof shall be made by such Clerk or Treasurer, in a Book or Books to be kept execute<j*

for that Purpose, for which Entry the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid: And from and after such Duplicate shall be so delivered to the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, but not before,

such Assignee or Afligaees shall be intitled to such Proportion of the Rates, Dues, and other Benefits under this Act, as his Affiguor or Assignors would have been entitled to in respect of the Share or Shares so fold

and alii^ned.-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons Subscriber* t® who have subscribed to, or who shall hereafter subscribe to advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the PV ll)c,r Sub" building of the said Bridge, or other the Purposes of this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to pay cr, PUon,» the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, within such Time or Times, and in such

Parts and Proportions, and to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any three or more of them,' shall, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, appoint, to be applied for the Purposes] "

of this Act j and in case any such Subscriber or Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their or Trustees may Subscription, pr any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said for the same. Trustees to sue for and recover the same in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of his Majesty's,

Courts of Record at Westminster, in an Action of Debt or upon the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information;, in which mo Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order,} Writingsex-Verdict, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security or^ empted from Writing whatsoever,* -made or executed in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act, shall be charged or StamP-dutJ* chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cleft and appoint a Clerk or Trustees to ap-Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls or point Officers, Dues, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think* necessary; and from Time to Time remove ', ’

such respective Officers, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of such of them as shall die or be incapable of performing his or their Duty; and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act shall and and allow them ipay make such Allowances to the respective Officers, for their Care and Pains, and to such other Persons Sal«ric*. as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector Offkerstoac* or Collectors, or other Officers, and e/ery of them, shall from Time to Time, at any Meeting of the said courU* Trustees, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver in upon Oath (which Oath anyone of the Trustees is hereby impowered to administer) a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which he or they, every or any of them, shall have received, paid, and

cJilbursed in the Execution of their respective Offices, with proper Vouchers for the Money so paid and disbursed: And in case of any Refusal or Neglect to make and deliver such Account in Manner aforesaid, Penalty on Of-or to pay the Money remaining in his or their Hands unto the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as refusing to they shall authorise and appoint to receive the same; then, and in either of the said cases, any two or account» more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Salop, on Information laid before them,

shall and may make Inquiry of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal in a summary Way, either by the Confession of the Parties themselves, or by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon O^th (which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer); and, upon Conviction, shall commit the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to account, or to make Payment as aforesaid, to the common Gaol of the County of Salop, there to remain until he or they shall have made a

3*

C. 12.

Officers to give Security

unreyomnay gig Graved ftc,

levelling the Ground, and making Satisfaction, Scc.

la case of Accidents, Trustees may make nfe of a Ferry, or temporary Bridget

Person* maliciously destroying the Bridge, guilty of felony.

Penalty on Persons injuring the Bridge, dec.

Matter; of Vessel made answerable for any Damage done by their Cr«».

Penalty for aufing An* aoyaucea.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for the same, and paid such Competition to the said Trustees, or shall be otherwise discharged by due Course of Law

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required from Time to Time to take such Security from the Clerks, Treasurers, or other Officers and Persons by them appointed and employed in the Execution of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of their several and respective Offices or Employments, as they shall think proper.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall employ for that Purpose, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stones, Ballast, or any other Materials proper and necessary for making and completing the said Bridge, or for repairing and keeping the same in Repair when made, or for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Roads or Avenues leading thereto, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Ground, or out of any River or Brook, in the respective Parishes of Brofeley and Sutton Mad-dock aforesaid; and I also in, upon, or out of, and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, or inclosed Ground, planted with any Avenue of Trees for the Ornament of any House), such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, and making Satisfaction to the respective Lord or Lords of the Soil of such Waste Ground, River, or Brook, and to the Owners or, Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, for the Damages he, she, or they shall and may sustain thereby; and in case such Lord or Lords, Owners or Occupiers, and the said Trustees, cannot agree touching such Satisfaction to be made, the same shall and maybe settled and determined by any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Salop \ and the Sum or Sums so agreed upon or settled shall be paid to the Person or Persons intitled thereto, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Trustees, by Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; or otherwise by Action or Actions in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXI. And whereas it may happen that the said Bridge may receive such Damage by unforeseen Accidents, that the Passage thereof may for some Time become dangerous and impracticable be it therefore enacted, That when, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry or Ferries, or otherwise to erect a temporary Bridge across the said River Severn, and as near to the Scite of the said Bridge as conveniently may be, and to take.and receive for the Passage over the said River, by such Ferry or Ferries, or temporary Bridge, such Tolls as are hereby authorised to be taken for passing over the said Bridge. Provided nevertheless, That such Ferry or Ferries, or temporary Bridge, shall continue for such Time only as shall be necessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and until the Passage over the same shall be made safe and commodious.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously blow up, burn, pull down, or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any of the Works belonging thereto, such Person or Persons, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, as in Cases of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to order and direct such Person or Persons to be transported to some one of his Majesty's Plantations in America, for the Term of seven Years; or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Court to sentence such Person or Persons to be kept to hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding the Term of three Years, in Manner directed in and by an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenderx, who for certain Crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majestys Co-ionics and Plantations.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully hurt, damage, injure, or deface the said Bridge, or any of the Works belonging thereto, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Salop, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, for the Time being, the Sum of forty Shillings, in case the Damage or Injury occasioned to the said Bridge, or the Works belonging thereto, shall not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings; but in case such Damages or Injury shall exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, then such Justice or Justices shall and may award such Offender or Offenders to pay to the said Trustees such Sum or Sums, as such justice or Justices, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, not exceeding double the Value of the Damage proved, on Oath, to be done to the said Bridge, or the Works belonging thereto.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Master or Owner of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel navigated upon the said River Severn, shall be, and is hereby declared subject and liable to ihake Satisfaction for any Damage which shall be done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or to any of the Works which shall be erected for building the same, by such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, by the Wilfulness or Negligence of the Crew who shall navigate or belong to such Boat, Barge, Lighter, <jr other Vessel; and in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall and may in his own Name sue for such Damages or Trespass in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, 'lli^t if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall place or suffer any Carriage whatsoever to (land or remain on the said Bridge, or in any Road or Avenue leading to the same, except for the immediate taking up or Delivery of any Goods or Merchandize, or for the Removal of any

C. 12. 33

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

Filth, Dung, Allies, of Rubbish (sufficient Time being allowed to do the same respectively), or shall moor or fatten any Boat, Barge, Vessel, Float, or other Thing to the said Bridge, or shall in any other Manner wilfully obstruct the Passage over or under the said Bridge, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers hereby given and granted, except such Powers, Commencement the Commencement whereof is herein otherwise provided for, shall commence and talce Effect upon the OMh,s

first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties and hereby inflicted, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof 13 not otherwise by this Act particularly Forfe.ture* how directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Salop, either by the Confeffiort of the Offender or Offenders, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer), be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant be is hereby impowered and required to grant); and the Overplus, if any, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when paid, or levied,

shall, from Time to Time (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Cleric or Treasurer, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and, in case a sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant or Warrants, tinder his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol of the County of Salop, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or her- Perfom ag.

(blf aggrieved, by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (and for which no particular Method of Relief grieved may is hereby otherwise given), such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County of Salop, within four Calendar Months after the fi^nS.Cr <-Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, ten Days Notice 1

in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and, within three Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, the said Session; and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way; and, if they lee Cause, may by their Order mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or vacate or set afule any Conviction or Convictions (but not for Want of Form only), or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs as they shall think proper 5 and the Determination of the Justices at such Session shall be whose Dtt*r-binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari, or ‘"a{ij*p rtuii other Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record. c fta'

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be Proceedings ftail entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; and the same being signed by any three or more c£,e*fd in of them, or by their Clerk, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; and such Book or Books, and 00 c* also the Books herein-before directed to be kept for entering the Mortgages or Assignments of the Tolls

hereby made payable, and Transfers of such Assignments, as also the said Assignments of Shares, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence, in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Clerks, Treasurers, and other Of- £hc DotJof^ ficers, from Time to Time appointed and employed by the said Trustees in the Receiptor Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to give

proper Receipts or Vouchers for all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be paid to them, or either of them respectively, without Fee or Reward, and shall also make Entiics of such Receipts or Vouchers in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and he and they, and every of them respectively, shall, and is and are hereby required, out of the Money which shall be paid into his or their Hands, in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act, to answer, satisfy, and pay all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be drawn for upon him, or them, or either of them, and ordered to be paid by any three or more of the said Trustees, for, on account, or in respect of any Contraft, Work,

Matter, or Thing, which shall be entered into, made, done, or performed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and that all and every the Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers, appointed or employed under the who shall be

Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and is and are hereby severally declared to be answer- a",!vc'ad, le to*

able for any Breach of Trust, Neglect of Duty, or other Misdemeanor, of any Clerk or Substitute, Clerks tie‘r u 1 ltu

or Substitutes, by him or them or either of them employed in the Execution of this Act, and shall make

full Satisfaction to the said Trustees for the same; and in case any such Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officer

shall refuse or neglect to make such Satisfaction for the Space of fourteen Days, he shall be forthwith discharged from his Office, and shall and may be sued for such Satisfaction, by Action upon the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or pro- j 5-»v*?©n of fecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act. the same A<a,00,« shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid dn the County of Salop, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be General Ifoa bad thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall

3+

[Treble Costs.]

[Public Act.]

[Preamble.]

Act 7 Geo. III. recited j

and further continued till June 1, 1798.

[Preamble.]

His Majesty empowered to grant Letter* Patent for establishing a Theatre at Chester.

Pmxfrhle.

C. 13, 14,15. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before li-mfeed, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, or, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf-measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower-dock and Umehouse-bole, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds^and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf- measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof and between Tower- dock and Limehouse-hole, in the County of Middlesex; which said Act hath Continence from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, for the Term of fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act hath beeia found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to licence a Theatre in the City of Chester.

WHEREAS a licenced Theatre or Playhouse is desired in the City of Chester May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent, Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much, of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent," at relates to common Players of Interludes \ whereby all Persons are discharged to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is redding for the Time being; be. and the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the said City of Chester\ and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse within the said City of Chester, which shall be intitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halt* fax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birfteil, Mirfielf HartiJheaA cum Clifton, A\mondbury, Kirkbealon, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of/Tong* in the West Riding of the County of York\ and for extending the? Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of PentefraQ, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County.

WHEREAS the King*s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, is seised to

him, his Heirs and Successors, of and in the Honour of Pontfraft, in the County of York; and the most Noble Thomas Duke of Leeds is seised of and in the Manor of Wakefield, in the said County of York \ and the Right Honourable Sir John Goodricke Baronet i3 seised for Life, with Remainders toother Persons, under the Will of the late Lord Bingley, of and in the Manor of Bingley in the same County ? 4 And whereas, within the Courts Baron of the said Honour and Manor respectively, Plea hath been immemorial iy held every three Weeks, or lb often as was require, in all personal Actions arising within

35

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15*.

the said several Jurisdictions where the Debt or Damages have been under forty Shillings: And whereas very extensive Trades and Manufactures are carried on by Persons residing or dealing within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guijdcy, Calverley, Ealleyx Birjlal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kir kh eat on, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lord ship or Liberty of in

the West Riding of the County of York, many of whom frequently contrail Debts under forty Shillings,

and also Debts of forty Shillings and upwards, to the Amount of five Pounds, making in the whole a 4 large Sum of Money yearly: And whereas several of the Parishes before mentioned, and also the said Lordship or Liberty of Tong, and some Parts of others of the said Parishes, are situate within the said Honour of Pontefiafiand others of such Parishes, or some Part or Parts thereof, are situate within the said Manors of Wakefield and Bingley respectively, and within the Jurisdiction of the said Honour and Manors respectively: And whereas, notwithstanding Justice hath been from Time to Time admi- nidered in the said several Courts Baron, in the mod impartial Manner; yet the Method of compelling Debtors to appear to Actions commenced in the said Courts Baron, and of bringing such Actions to llfue and Trial, and the Method of compelling Persons to attend as Jurymen on such Trials, are very dila- tory, and oftep ineffectual for those respective Purposes; and by reason whereof, and of the Expence attending the Prosecution of causes to Judgment in the said Courts Baron, many honest Creditors are often discouraged from attempting to recover just Debts, and thereby many evil-disposed Persons, who- bave contracted small Debts within the said Parishes, Lord ship and Liberty, often refuse Payment thereof, and set their Creditors at Defiance: And whereas the erecting a Court of Requests, for the Recovery of small Debts under forty Shillings, in a summary Way, within the said Parishes, Lordship and Liberty, and the regulating the Practice and Proceedings of the said Courts Baron, and extending the Jurisdiction thereof to hold Pleas for Debts and Damages within their respeCUve Liberties, not exceeding five Pounds, would much contribute to promote Industry, support and encourage useful Credit- and be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants and others living or trading within the Districts or Places aforesaid: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the KingV roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Thornhill, William Walker senior, John Cay gill, John Royds, and John Woolmer, Esquifes; the Reverend Henry Wood D. D. the Reverend Robert Charlesworth Clerk, the Reverend Edward Nelson Clerk, William Ferguson, John Fetgufon, James Howorth, Isaac Hanson, Christopher Rawson, Jeremy Lifter, Jcrphet Lifter, John Priestlej, lift Hi am Pollard senior, Samuel Waterhouse, John Waterhouse, William Threlkeld, John Alexanders John Hamilton, James Cooke, esfr tn '

Smith, John Swire, I -

Bracken, John Rawfo* _ w

thirty-nine Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Halifax; That Edward Leedes, Charier Swain, Booth Sharp, Charles Wood, Joshua Field, and Abraham Balme, Esquires; the Reverend James Sykes Clerk, the Reverend Robert Butler Clerk, John Huftler, John Horner, Charles Booth, Isaac Hollings, William Hardcafik junior, Thomas Hardcastle the elder, John Preston, Richard Stocks, Nathan Jowett, John Greenwood, George Greenwood, William North, William Atkinson senior, John Jarratt, William Swain, Joshua Firth senior, Joseph Pollard, Thomas Hodgson, Anthony Wrightson, Robert Ramsbotham, William hr right, Thomas Skelton, and Richard Hodfden, being thirty Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Bradford-, That the Reverend Charles Knowlton Clerk, John Chapman, John Craven, William Blakey senior, IP i Hi am Blakey junior, Thomas Colbeck, James Barwick, James Greenwood, John Greenwood, John Driver, Jofeth Smith, John Sugden, Abraham Smith, Thomas Cure, Jonas Blakey, William Newjholme, Michael Cousin, John Wright, William Guyer, Thomas Horsfall, and John Horsfall, being twenty-one Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Kighley; That Benjamin Ferrand, Henry Wickham^ Johnson Atkinson Bus field, and Thomas Leach, Esquires; James Murgatroyd, Jonathan Pi ele, John Booth, Francis Lifter, and Thomas Cockshutt, being nine Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Bingley \ That Waiter Spencer Stanhoje, and William Stanhope, Esquires; the Reverend James Willoughby Clerk; John Marshall, Jeremiah Marshall, Richard Clayton, John Brown, Benjamin Hird, Thomas Houlden, John Booth, Thomas Burnett, and Hugh Marshall, being twelve Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Guise/ey; That the Reverend Thomas Faber Clerk, John Gott senior, John Barnes, William Walker, John Radclffe, Jeremiah Clifford, Henry Slater, John Moorhouse, and James Booth, being nine Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Calverley; That John Taylor, Thomas Thom son, Henry Preston, Samuel Scatcherd, and John Turton, Esquires; Joseph Bennett, Joshua Taylor, William Lifter junior, Samuel Web-Jlery John Sharp, William Hudson, and John Jowett, being twelve Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Batley; That Joseph Bilson Esquire, Joseph Stainthorp, Jeremiah Rhodes, Martin Charlesworth, John PrieJiUy junior, William Charhsworth, Thomas Gommerfall, Thomas Walker, Caleb Qrowther, John Beevor, John Read, Thomas Cockill, Joshua Child, Richard Rayner, Joseph Sykes, John Green, Benjamin Broadley, John Rangeley, John Wood, Benjamin Wilkinson, and Thomas Brooke, being twenty-one Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Birstal; That Joshua Ingham, Francis Ledgard, Samuel Walker, Thomas Shepley, Joseph Brooke, James Shepley, Robert Hold]worth, Joshua Hirfi, and Samuel Brooke, being nine Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Mirfield; That Sir George Armytage Baronet, George D son, and Samuel Popplewell\ being three Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Hartishead cum Clifton \ That Joseph Armilage, John Atkinson, George Armitage, John Dyfcn, John Farrer, Benjamin Ingham, Joseph Kaye senior, Robert Scott, Jonathan Shaw, Daniel Taylor, Robert Walker, and Wuham Radclffe, being twelve Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Almondbury; That Sir

Commissioneri

Names.

fifteen

36

Their Stile*

Where and when Court* are to be held.

Courts to be held in Routiou.

Power of the Comtminoneis,

Clerk to make

t u» a comokte Li(l of Commissioner?, &c.

C. 15. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

fifteen Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Kbkhealon\ That William Horsfall Esquire, the* Reverend William Alourrtjoy Clerk, Matthew Booths fohn Booths Benjamin Stocks, Tedbald Tinker, John Tinker, Joseph Firth, Edward Ellis, the Reverend John Harrop Clerk, Uriah Tinker, James Shaw, John Bray, George Aloorehouse, Christopher Green, Joseph Wilson, John Kenworthy, and Ely Wimpenny, being eighteen Refiants and Inhabitants within the fad Parish of Kirkburton \ That William Radcliffe Esquire, John Armitage, Joseph Armitage, Michael Atkinson, Joseph Bradley, Edmund Bothamley, Richard Colling-tew*/, James D son, Thomas Hoboyd, John Haigh, Thomas Haigh, Abraham Horsfall, John Hudson, Houghton, jWtz Aloorehouse, James Midwood, Jonathan Nichols, Thomas Oldfield, George Styring, William Whit acre, John If hit a ere, Benjamin Walker, William Waterhouse, and William Walker, being twenty-four Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Huddersfield; and that; Tempest Esquire, Richard Steady and Matthias Whitehead, being three Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Lordship or Liberty of Tong\ making in all two hundred and thirty-seven Persons; who, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed, Commissioners to hear and finally determine all such Matters of Debt as are under forty Shillings; and who are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and‘Stile of The Court of Reqnejh for the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kiehley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Uatley, Birstal, Mnfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to assemble, fit, and hold the said Court, for the said Parishes and Lord ship or Liberty, at Halifax aforesaid, on the first Monday in Jitney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the first Monday in every Calendar Month thenafter* for ever; at Bradford: aforesaid, on the first Wednesday in the said Month of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven,# and also on the first Wednesday in every Calendar Month thenafter forever; at Kighley aforesaid, on the Second Monday in the Month of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the ftcond Monday in the several Calendar Months of September, December, March, and June, then after for ever; at Bingley aforesaid, on the second Monday in the Month of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the second Monday in the several Calendar Months of October, January, April, and July, thenafter for ever; at Calverley aforesaid, on the second Monday in the Month of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the second Monday in the several Calendar Months of November, February, May, and August, thenafter for ever; at Batley aforesaid, on the third Monday in the said Month of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the third Monday-in the said several Calendar Months of September, December, March, and June, thenafter for ever; at BirftaL aforesaid, on the third Monday in the said Month of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven* and also on the third Monday in the said several Calendar Months of October, January, April, and July, thenafter for ever; at Clifton aforesaid, on the third Monday in the said Month of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the third Monday in the said several Calendar Months of November, February, May, and August, thenafter for ever; at Huddersfield aforesaid, on the fourth Monday in the said Month of fune, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the fourth Alonday in the said several Calendar Months of September, December, March, and June, thenafter for ever; at Almondbury aforesaid, on the fourth Monday in the said Month of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the fourth Monday in the said several Calendar Months of October, January April, and July, thenafter forever; at Kirkburton aforesaid, on the fourth Monday in the said Month of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and also on the fourth Alonday in the said several Calendar Months of November, February, May, and August, thenafter for ever: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall assemble, fir, and hold the said Court, at all and every the said Places, and on the Days aforesaid, in such Rotation as is herein-before mentioned and directed, or ofeener, if required by the Clerk of the said Court in this Act named, or any of his Successors, to be appointed as herein after is mentioned, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, at any of the said Places, or at any other Place within any of the said Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty, on any other Day of the Week* so often as there shall be Occasion, either by Adjournment, or otherwise, as Business may happen, or such Meeting be deiircd by the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy: And the said Commissioners named* in this Act, and all and every their Successors for the Time being, or any three or more of them* shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and finally determine all such causes under forty Shillings as are herein after mentioned, and to make such Orders, pronounce such Judgments, and make such Decrees, and to award Execution thereupon with Costs, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods and Chattels of all and every Person and Persons against whom they shall make any such Older* pronounce any such Decree, or give any such Judgment, as to them the said Commissioners, Or any three or more of them, shall seem just in Law or Equity: And the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, is hereby directed and required to make, or cause to be made, a true and fair List of all the Commissioners for each Parish, and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, as they stand in this Act, in one complete List, and fix or stick up the same in some conspicuous Part of the several Court-houses or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet and assemble for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, on the first Day of holding such Court at each of the Places herein-before named and appointed for that Purpose, and there to remain till some new Commissioners shall be chosen; and the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, is also directed and required to make, or cause to be made, other true and fair Lists of all the Commissioners for each Parish, and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, as they stand after any new ones are chosen in pursuance of this Act, and fix or flick up the same in some conspicuous Part of the several Court-houses, or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet and assemble, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, on the first Days of holding such Court at each of the said Places flex: after the Day whereon any such new Commissioners shall be chosen*

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. 37

II. And be it further enacted, That on the first Monday in the Month of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, by Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, the Commissioners in and by this Act named and appointed for each Parish, and for the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, or three of them at least, shall, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to meet and assemble in their Parish Churches, and in the Chapel of or within the said Lordship or Liberty respectively, and then, and there elect, nominate, appoint, and assign a Number of the most substantial and discreet Persons, residing and inhabiting within their said Parishes and the Lord ship or Liberty respectively, equal to one-third Part of the whole Number of Commissioners named and appointed in this Act, for each such Parish and the Lord-Clip or Liberty aforesaid; and, within six Days next after such Election and Nomination, deliver or transmit a true and fair List in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of three of them at lead, of the Names of such Persons as shall be so elected and nominated, to the said Clerk; or his Deputy for the Time being; which Persons so to be elected and nominated shall be added to and put or placed last upon the List of Commissioners for each such Parish, and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, wherein they most usually and commonly reside; and the third Part of the Number of Persons standing first or foremost upon the List of Commissioners for each such Parish and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, shall be struck off or out of such Lists respectively; and the said Persons so to be tleded and nominated as aforesaid, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to act as Commissioners (being duly qualified as herein after mentioned), for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, in the Room, PJare, or Stead of the third Part of the Number of Persons (landing first or foremost on the List of Commissioners for each such Parish, and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and to be struck off or out of each such List as aforesaid: And that on the first Monday in the Month of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and also on the first Monday in the Month of May in every succeeding Year for ever, by Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each of the said Days, the said Commissioners for the Time being, or three of them at lead, for each of the said Parishes, and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid respectively, shall, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to meet and assemble in their said Parish* Churches, and in the Chapel of or within the said Lordship or Liberty, severally and respectively, and' then and there elect, nominate, appoint, and assign a Number of the most discreet and substantial Persons residing and inhabiting within each such Parish and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, equal to one-third' Part of the whole Number of Commissioners by this Act appointed for eich such Parish and the Lordship’ or Liberty aforesaid; and within six Days next after such Election and Nomination deliver or transmit a true and fair List in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of three of them at least, of the Names of such Persons as shall be so elected and nominated, to the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being; which Persons so to be elected and nominated shall be added to and put or placed last upon the Lilt of Commissioners for each such Parish and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, wherein they most commonly and usually reside and dwell; and the third Part of the Number of Persons at the Time of each such Election, (landing first or foremost upon the List of Commissioners for each such Parish and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, shall be struck off or out of such Lids respectively; and the said Persons so to be elected and nominated from Time to Time as aforesaid, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to act as Commissioners (being duly qualified as herein after is mentioned) for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, in the Room, Place, and Stead of the third Part of the Number of Persons (landing first and foremost on the List of Commissioners, at the Time of each such Election for each such Parish and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and then to be struck off or out of each such List as aforesaid; so that each Person acting as a Commissioner may be relieved from his Attendance at the said Court at the End of every three Years at the longest: And in case any Person or Persons, by this Act appointed, or hereafter to be chosen, a Commissioner or Commissioners, shall die or remove from the Parish or Lordship or Liberty wherein he or they relided or dwelt when fit ft appointed or chosen to be a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners for one whole Year next after being so appointed or choion; then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners for each such Parish and the Liberty or Lordship aforesaid, or any three of them, at their Meeting on the first Monday in the Month of May, next after such Death or Removal, or Neglect or Refusal to act as aforesaid, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to eieft, nominate, appoint and assign inch other substantial and discreet Person or Persons, residing and inhibiting within the Parish or the Lordship or Liberty for which such Commissioner or Commissioners ft* od on such Lift as aforesaid* at the Time of his or their Death or Removal, or Neglect or Refusal to act, as aforesaid, in the Room, Place, and Stead of him or them so dying or removing, or refilling or neglecting to act as aforesaid; and within six Days next after such Election and Nomination deliver or tram mi t the Name or Names in* Writing, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of three of them at least, of such Person or Persons as shall be elected and nominated,' to the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being* who shall insert or put the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, so to be elected and nominated as last above-mentioned, in or upon the List of Commissioners for each such Parish or the Lordship or Libertyk aforesaid wherein they most commonly and usually reside and dwell, in the Room, Place, and Stead of the Person or Persons so dying or removing, or neglecting or refusing to act as aforesaid, whole Names-shall be first era fed and taken out of such Lifts; and the said Persons, so to be elected and nominated ay last above-mentioned, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to act as Commissioners (being duly qualified ^s herein after mentioned) for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, in the Room, Place, and Stead of the Person or Persons so dying or removing, or neglecting or refusing to act as aforesaid: And in case the said Commissioners for each Parish and the Lordship or Liberty afcncfiid for the* Time being, or some three of them at least, shall fail or neglect to meet and assemble on the first 3‘Jonday ki the Month of May, in any Year, at the respective Places herein-before appointed, and do not or shall mot then and there eieft, nominate, appoint, and alfi&rv a Number of the most luUUmial and discreet

Iforion*

Manner of chusing new Commissioners.

On the first Monday io May' annually, 1 Number of nrr Conrmiiffionort; to be elected equal to one-third Part of the Whole, &c.

A L'ft of she Commissioners t > hr. rielive* ed to the Clerk.

Commissioners 10 hrehtr'en tafe c t Deathr

&c.

to be eD.*c--i *f Halifax the first M01 day in ! n u* in any Yrar far such Fuifh, Ac,

a*

wherein. no "E-letW^ iad Return is rriide to the Cleric.

How Commissionerp shall be lyroaioae^ to, at* tend.

A third Part of the Commissioners ro attend the Court four Calendar Months in Ro* Ution.

On their Failure of Attendance, the Cleric may adjourn the Court*

Protifo.

Commissioner, &c. not to att where interested.

CaiHng Vote.

Creditors under 40 s. may apply to the Cleric of the Court

C. 15. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Persons redding and inhabiting within their said Parishes or the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid respectively, equal to one-third Part of the whole Number of Commissioners, by this Act appointed for each such Pariftij or the said Lordship or Liberty, or do net or shall not, within six Days next after such Election, deliver, or transmit a true and fair Lift of the Names of such Persons as dull be so elected, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of three of them at least, to the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being; then, and in such Case, so many of the said Commissioners as shall assemble, fit and hold the Lid Court at Halifax aforesaid, on the fuft Monday in the Month of func, in any Year, next after such Failure or Neglect shall be made as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall then and there. ek£t, nominate, appoint and assign a Number of the moil substantial and discreet Persons refining and; inhabiting within any such Parish, or Lordship or Liberty, for which no such Election of Commissioners, was made, or Lift: thereof delivered or transmitted to the said Clerk or his Deputy, as herein-before di-. redled and appointed; which Persons so to be elected or nominated at Halifax aforesaid, on the first Monday in June, in any Year, shall be added to and put or placed last upon the List of Commissioners for each such Parish or the Lordship or Liberty wherein they most commonly and usually reside and dwell; and the third Part of the Number of Persons (landing first or foremost upon the List of Commissioners for each such Parish or Lordship or Liberty, shall be struck off or out of such Lift respectively: And the said Persons so to be elected and nominated as aforesaid, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to act a& Commissioners (being duly qualified as herein after mentioned) for the Purposes of putting this Act in, Execution, in the Room, Place, and Stead of the third Part of the Number of Persons (landing first and foremost on the List of Commissioners for each such Parish and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and to be struck off or out of each such Lift as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the more orderly and effectual Proceeding in the said Court* and that no undue Preference or Delay may be made or given in summoning the said Commissioners to attend the Business of the said Court, the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being is horeby authorised* impowered, and required, from Time to Time, within seven Days next after such several Lifts shall be delivered or transmitted to him as aforesaid, to summon or cause to be summoned the said Commissioners to attend the Business of the said Court, in such Rotation as is herein after mentioned; (to wit) the thirteen^ Persons first named or standing foremost on the List of Commissioners for the said Parish of Halifax, the ten Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Bradford, the seven Persons first named or standing foremost*on such Lift for the said Parish of Kighley% the three Persons first named or Handing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Bingley, the four Persons first named or (landing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Guiseley, the three Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Calverley% the four Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Batley, the seven Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Birstall the three Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Mlrfield, the Person first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Hartisheadcum Clifton, the three Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Almondbury, the five Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Kirkheaton, the six Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of KirJfburton, the eight Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Huddersfield, and the Person first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Lordship or Liberty of Tong, making in all seventy-nine Persons (being one-third Part of the whole Number of Commissioners appointed by this Act), to attend the said Court, and serve as Commissioners for four Calendar Months then next ensuing; and so in like Manner the like respective Number of Persons shall, as they next stand in Older in each such Lift, be summoned to attend the said Court, and serve as Commissioners for the four Calendar Months then next ensuing; and so again to be summoned from Time to Time to attend and serve at the said Court as Commissioners for four Calendar Months in the like Rotation: And in case the said Commissioners, or three of them at least, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days by this Act appointed for holding the said Court, then and in, such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next General Court-day to be held in Rotation as aforesaid, or to such other Day before the said General Court-day, as the Clerk or his Deputy shall think proper.

IV. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exclude or t?ebar any of the Persons who are or shall be chosen Commissioners as aforesaid (although they be not in Rotation) from fitting and giving Judgement in the said Court so often as they shall think fit.

V. Provided also, That no Commissioner shall fit and give Judgement in any Cause whatsoe.ver (whether in Rotation or not) wherein he is a Party, or any ways interested; but, after being heard in the Cause, shall withdraw till the same is finally determined; nor shall any Clerk, or other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, exercise his said Office in the said Court, or any Thing relating thereto, in any Cause wherein he is a Party, or any ways interested; but the said Commissioners then assembled at such Court shall and may appoint another Person to execute the Office of such Clerk or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause; and if the Commissioners assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, who stands first in the List of Commissioners to be put up in the Court-house or Place where they shall meet, shall have thecafling Vote*

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this Act, to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have* any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, owing unto him, her, or them, in his* her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, redding, inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing, within the said Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty, or any of them respectively, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being* or his Deputy; who shall cause such Debtor

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. 39

who rti iH summon the Debtors,

The Decrees of the Commissioners to be final.

How the Court shall proceed when Dcbrora do not appear*

entered in a Book, &c. Commiihoncrt. rtiay award Execution j

or Debtors to be warned or summoned by the Beadle or Officer of the said Court for the Time being, by Writing to be delivered to the Debtor or Debtors, or left at his, her, or their respective Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, or Place of dealing or working, within the said Parishes, and Lorship or Liberty, or by any other reasonable Warning or Notice, to appear, either in Person or by their proper Agent or Agents, before the Commissioners of the said Court, at some certain Time and Place to be mentioned in the said Summons or Notice, expressing the Names of the Parties, to answer touching such Debt or Debts reflectively; and upon the Return of such Summons or Notice, and at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and at all Times afterwards as there shall be Occasion, in case such Debtor or Debtors appear either in Person or by their Agent or Agents as aforesaid, according to the said Summons or Notice, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may hear and determine concerning such Debt or Debts; and (hah have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make, or cause to be made such Orders, and to give and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees, and to award Execution touching and concerning the same, and the Costs of such Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Justice and Equity 5 which Acts, Orders, Judgements, Decrees, and Awards, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes thereto between the Parties: But in case such Debtor or Debtors shall not appear, either in Person or by an Agent or Agents as aforesaid, according to such Summons or Notice, to answer as aforesaid, then it shall be law-fill for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made upon Oath before them of the Service of the said Summons, or Notice being given as aforesaid, to proceed ex parte to hear the Matter of Complaint touching such Debt or Debts, and to make and pronounce thereupon such Order,

Judgement, or Decree concerning the same, as to them shall seem just and equitable, and to appoint some certain Time and Place, according to- their Discretions, for such Debtor or Debtors to shew Cause before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, why such Order, Judgement, or Decree, so made and pronounced as aforesaid, should not be put in Execution: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, whether the Debtor or Debtors shall appear in Manner aforesaid, or shew Cause, or not (Proof upon Oafh being made, that a Copy of such Order, Judgement, Or Decree, had been given or delivered to such Debtor or Debtors, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, or such other Place or Places as aforesaid, or that reasonable Notice thereof had been given to such Debtor or Debtors), to make and pronounce such final Order, Judgement, or Decree, or such other Order, between the Parties, touching such Debt or Debts, and the Costs of such Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and all such Acts, Orders, Judgements, and Decrees, and all and every the Proceedings of Proceedings of the said Commissioners, shall be entered and registered in a Book or Books, to be provided and kept by the ,hc Ci Urt to Clerk of the said Court for that Purpose, and shall be observed, performed, and kept, in all Parts, as well by the Creditor or Plaintiff, as by the Debtor or Defendant: And in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree, or pronounced any Judgement for the Payment of Money, it shall be lawful for them, or any three or more of them, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, or Judgement pronounced; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, at the Request of the Party prosecuting such Order, Judgement, or Decree, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of a fieri facias, or capias ad satisfaciendum, to the Beadle of the said Court; who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered, by himself or his Deputy or Deputies (appointed for that Purpose by and with the Privity and Consent of the Clerk of the said Court), or other Assistants, to take and apprehend such Party, being within the Parishes and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid; and every such Party or Parties so «nd commit the taken and apprehended, to confine and imprison in such publick Prison or Place of Confinement, within PtrtJ to Pnfoo, the said Parities, and Lorship or Liberty, to be provided and appointed by the Commissioners for the Time being, or the major Part of such of them who in Rotation shall a ft as aforesaid, at their first Assembly or Meeting by virtue of this Act, or at some subsequent Court, be appointed and declared to be the Prison or Place of Confinement belonging to the said Court of Requests; there to remain in the Custody of the Gaoler to be appointed by the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Judgement, or Decree, as aforesaid, so as no Person shall remain in such Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Calendar Months: And the said Beadle or his Deputy, appointed as aforesaid, by virtue of any such Precept issued, upon the Execution awarded against the Goods and Chattels of any such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Parishes, Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and adjudged, rendering to the Owner the Overplus (if any), after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted :' And if the now lo prw Party, against whose Body, or Goods and Chattels, any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process itpa, ry ab-shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods and fcond, &c.

Chattels, or by any other Means, prevent or evade such Execution, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof thereof made to them, by the Oath or Oaihs of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution against the Body or Goods of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy as aforesaid, ururl the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied: And in case the said Court shall at any Time, upon the Request ^nd for the Eafc and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants* ^Iaft, lroeat*> order and adjudge or deer; e a Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments, then, upon the first Default or Failure on any of the said Payments, so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and r.r.y, at the instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, tand upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whose Debt, or such Part thereof as shall remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to her reco-;vcr£d by the same Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts and Costs: And upon every Precept

for three Months,

Execution may be levied by Distress, &c.

How to proceed

Clerk-to inS*r(% Debt and Softs*

40

C. 15.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii IN. A.D. 1777.

cept to be issued, upon Execution awarded against the Body, or Goods and Chattels* of any Person or Persons, the Clerk of the said Court shall indorso, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums, and Costs, so or-lnwbatC>fe« dered, decreed, or adjudged, and the Costs of the said Execution j and if the Party against: whom such Ex-Execution flull % ecution shall be awarded respectively, shall, before any real Sale of the Goods or Chattels, or before he, be iupcifcded. (he, Qr they are apprehended, or before the hxpiranon of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk of the fai<J Court, such Sum or Sums, and Costs, together with One Shilling and Eightpence as a Reward for his Trouble, in receiving and paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for the same, and alto the Sum of Five Shillings for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Prison), then, and in such Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body, or Goods and Chattels, of the said Party shall be discharged and set at Liberty: And if, upon the Day of Return of any Summons, or at any

Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make due Proof of his, her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, but become non-suited, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reason tblc Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same by

such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts.

Vif. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to imr power the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any such Order, Judgement, or Decree, as aforesaid, shall have

obtained any Warrant or Process as aforesaid, against: the Body or Bodies of the same Person or Persons, unlofs such Person or Persons shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart out of the said Patches, Lordship, or Liberty, to avoid being apprehended and taken by virtue of such last mentioned Warrant or Process.

VIII. Provided also, That no Costs to be given, awarded, or allowed by the said Commissioners, shall, in any Case whatsoever, exceed the Sum of ten Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect or Connivance, cause or

# suffer the Party, against whom Execution shall be awarded, to escape, or the Goods or Chattels of such

Party to be carried away or secreted, so that the Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall be lawful for she said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Complaint and P.roof thereof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Beadle, or his Deputy, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded, in some reasonable Time to be set and appointed by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Beadle, or his Deputy, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same at the Time set and appointed for that Purpose, then, on Complaint of the Plaintiff in such Execution to the Commissioners at their next Court, they shall order the Clerk of the said Court to pay the same, and he is hereby made liable and subject thereto; and on Demand made thereof, and on his Refusal so to do, the same may be recovered against him by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts.

X. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners, who shall be thcaSing Commissioners according to the Rotation aforesaid, not being less in Number than twenty, shall have rower and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and so often as they shall see Occasion, at any Court or Courts, to make such Rules or Orders for the better regulating the PraSice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they be conformable to Law, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the Clerk or Beadle of the said Court for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only; according to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees concerning the same, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience: And that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in Court assembled, and they are hereby impowered, to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party; and also to all or any of the Officers of the said Courts, and to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, appear necessary for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit for any Debt brought or commenced in the said *ny other Court Court of Requests, nor any Order, Decree, or other Proceedings of the said Commissioners in the said

[Treble Costs.]

yo r our Court, shall be removeable out of the same by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proceeding whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster^ or into any other Court whatsoever, against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Limits of the several and respective Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty; and that if any such Action or Suit shall be so removed and prosecuted, the Defendant therein shall and may plead the General Issue; and in case the Debt sued for, or to be recovered in such Action or Suit* doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and the Defendant shall prove by sufficient Testimony that such Action was removed out of, or was first brought in the said Court of Requests 5 then, and in every such Case, the Plaintiff in every such Action or Suit shall not recover, but Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Judge or Judges before whom the said Cause shall be tried shall award that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall pay to the Defendant or Defendants

FlaintifTbe-corning nonsuited, the Defendant to have Cuds.

No Proref* to iflfeie twite for one Debt;

fjrcrpt, Sec,

[Proviso.]

Beadle fostering the Parly to - cape, &c. to pay the Debt j

or elf-? the Clerk toLeanfwcrabie.

'Coromifliooe* nay regulate their own Proceedings, Sec*

and adounifler Oaths.

If any Action he removed into

[Treble Costs.]

Defendant may plead the General Issue, and recover

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15; 4*

XII. And, for the more effectually establishing the said Court of Requests, and the better enforcing Pen ill yon Per. 4 the Orders and Decrees which shall be made hv the said Commissioners; and that they may be vested B or

with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any Infuhs or Abideshe it further en- ^nTiofcrVor" act«d, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, intuit, or abide, all or any or either of ttie Commission- oncers in the tr3 or Officers of the said Court during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to or returning from the Execution of same, or (hal interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or in any wise hinder, abufb, rnoleft, or oppose any Officer in the Execution of his Office, it ftull be lawful for the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, then filing, to take such Person or Persons so offending before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York \ and upon the Fa3 alledged being proved, by the Oath ob Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witness’es, the said Justice or Justices shall impose and set up oft. such Person or Persons (o offending as aforesaid, such Fine or Fines as to such Justice or Justices shall fee it meet and reason-ible; provided the Fine on any one Person doth not exceed the Sum of foity Shillings, nor be Iefs than five Shillings; and upon Failure of immediate Payment of the Fine or Fines which shall be so set, the said Justice orjfuflices is and are hereby impowered and required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, within the said West Riding, there to rem in for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, ur.less he, she, or they shall sooner-pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as afore-fa?d; in which Case he, she, or they, on Payment of such Fine or Fines, are forthwith to be discharged out of Custody, and the Fine or Fines immediately paid over to the Churchwardens or Ovei leers of the Finer to be ghea Poor of the Pnrith wherein such Offence was committed, towards the Support and Maintenance of the *the Poor.; Poor of the said Parish. -

XIII. And be it further enacted,* That the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, from Time <^ryoj[

to Time, affix, or cause to be affixed or stuck up, in the mod publick Part of the Place or Places where. pauf Up7nthe such Court or Cmrtts shall be held, and the said Commissioners shall fit to do Business as aforesaid, a true Cou.t-h.'use, printed Copy-of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may

plead Ignorance in the Premises.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons in making Oath or Affirmation pcthirv iow ti (being of the People called Quakers) or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the Lid te pumshed. Court of Requests, shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and shall thereof be convicted according to

Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable or shall be subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Re^im-.

XV. And be it farther enacted, That Isaac IViUfon of Bradford aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby con- A.cJ^kaP* flituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests, during his good Behaviour; and that he, and also all other Clerks of th ? said Court of Requests hereafter to be appointed, shall, is and are hereby impowered and required to issue out and register all Summonses, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Judgements, Decrees, Executions, and Proceedings of the said Court, and shall provide and keep proper Books, wherein shall be entered and registered all Acts, Orders, Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court; and the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being is hereby impowered, from Time to Time as he shall think proper, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Execution of this Act

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration that the said Clerk for the Time being is to be Cleric to appoint accountable and ?nfw rdble for the Acts, Deeds, and Behaviour of the Beadle of the said Court, and his Beadle, Caul-Depuryor Deputies, and other Officers for the Time being, the said Isaac Wilson, and every Person who cr>

shall at any Time hereafter be Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, shall and may, and is hereby authorised and impowered, by any Writing, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Beadle and Deputy or Deputies of the said Court, and also a Gaoler or Gaolers for the Custody of Prisoners (during their respective good Behaviour); and the said Clerk for the Time being shall be liable, and *nd to br ac-accountable to the said Commissioners of the said Court, and the Suitors thereof, for the A$s, Deeds, and countable for Behaviour of the said Beadle and his Depaty or Deputies, Gaoler and Gaolers, so appointed as aforesaid, ihe;r aemuuour. of and in the Business of the said Court.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Court, who How clerks shall be fitting and acting in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of Aal1 be cfa*ftn* the said Clerk, appointed determined by this Act, or so soon as the same is publickly known, or the major Part of

them, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the Time being to be summoned to meet at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within fi* Days next after the ir being summoned as aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then pre.ent, are authorised and required to cleft another Person in the Room of the said Clerk so dying, resigning, or being removed as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purpose9 in this Act contained, and so to meet from Time to Time upon every Vacancy of the said Office*, to make Choice of a Clerk, for ever.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aftfng as a Qjj»hfif»iioirof Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he be possessird of fifty Pounds per Annum in real Efbite, c-,rnm,n,uocr8* or of one thousand Pounds in personal Estate; ncrr shall any Person aft as such Commissioner during such

Time as he shall keep any Victualing-house, Ale-house, or other House of publick Entertainment, nor until he shall have taken an Oath, or made an Affirmation (being of the People called Quakers), to the Effect following: 4

the best of eof>missionen

1A.B. do swear [or affirm], Thdt I will faithfully, impartially, and homftly, according to

my Judgement, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me (by virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the more cafy and fee dy Recovery of small Debts within the froeral Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead

42

Any unqualified fcerfoa a^ing, |o foricit 201.

table of Fees*

penalty on taking greater Feei.

Officers may be tried for Neg-i cd of Dut jr, Sc c.

and if found jsulty ro be

Beadle's Duty.

Bertain Debts to which this Act shall not «pftiftd.

C. 15. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of

Tony;, in the Wesi Riding of the County of York; and for extending the jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County); without Fa* 4 your or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to either Party. So help me GO D."

Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken the said Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court, and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the E try Book or Register of the said Court, by the said Clerk or his Deputy; and any Person or Persons pieinming to act as a Commissioner without being qualified, or being disqualified, as aforesaid, shall, for each Time of asking, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, without any other Proof on the-Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in th? Execution of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the said CJerk and Beadle in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

X. dr

For every Summons or Subpoena, to the Clerk -

Every Hearing,

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant to appear, Beadle —

For entering an Appearance, to the Clerk -

For every Order or Nonsuit, and entering the same, to the Clerk For every Service of every Order, Summons, or Subpoena, to the Beadle For a Copy of every Order to be served, to the Clerk —

For every Execution) J Beadle - ‘

Acknowledging Sjatisfaction in full, to the Clerk -

For every Search in the Books, to the Clerk — —*

Acknowledging Satisfaction in Part, to the Clerk -

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk -

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1 I

o

o

o

o

4

6

t

2.

2

4

6

4

o

6

6

2

2

8

A printed Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some conspicuous Part of the Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, to the End that alt Persons may fee, read, and know the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Clerk or his Deputy or Deputies, or the said Beadle or his Deputy or Deputies, shall take or demand any greater Fees or Reward than what are above-mentioned for their respective Services in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be paid over to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence was committed; and if upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons, upon Oath in open Court of any Neglect of Duty of any Clerk or other Officer appointed, or to be iippointed, by virtue of this Act, or for taking or demanding greater Fees than as above-mentioned, the said Commissioners then fitting in Court shall inquire into the feature of the said Complaint, and if it shall appear to be well founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, so fitting in Court as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned tameet at some certain Place as soon as conveniently may be, by publick Notice to be given in the several Parish Churches aforesaid, by the respective Parish Clerks thereof, immediately after Divine Service, on the Sunday Morning next before such Meeting is to be held (such Sunday being at least four Days before the holding such Meeting), and to examine into the Merits of such Complaint} and if it shall then appear to such Commissioners as shall meet, or the major Part of them then present, that such Clerk or other Officer hath been guilty of any Neglect of Duty in his or their Office, that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present as aforesaid, to suspend or remove such Clerk or other Officer from his said Office, and thereupon elect or appoint another or others in his or their Room, in such Manner as is by this Act directed and appointed for such Election or Appointment.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Beadle or his Deputy or Deputies, so to be appointed by the said Clerk as aforesaid, for the Time being, is and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are herein directed and appointed to be done by them*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt, for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or to any other real Contraft; nor to arty Debt that shall arise by Reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, nor to any Debt for Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon *ny Penal Statute} nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Under-

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15.

taking, or Promise to pny, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although the same shall not amount to forty Shillings; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, being served with the Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the said Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement thereof; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as Attorney or Advocate on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attorney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or Witness, under the Penalty of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as above-mentioned with respect to Clerks and other Officers of the said Court in case of taking greater Fees than they are intitled unto by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor act as Commissioner, or enjoy any Place of Profit or Trust in the said Court of Requests, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person inhabiting or redding within the aforesaid Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty, or any or either of them, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being (and which he is hereby impowered and authorised to issue and make out}, to appear in the said Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, Creditor or Dcbior, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons; and Oath being made by the Party at whose Instance the Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Party subpoenaed or fqm-moned was a material Witness in the Cause; and doe Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court at which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose a Fine not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to 4be levied, if not immediately paid on Demand, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deducted; which Fine when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued; and in case no Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; sufficient to answer such Fine and such Distress and Sale, can be found, then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall commit such Offender or Offenders to the Prison belonging to the ftfd Court, for any Space of Time not exceeding twenty Days, unless such Fines, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Commitment, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the said County of York> and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defend-, ants in such Action or Suit shall and may pleaa the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-fuired, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Case by Law.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend

to take away or annul any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions of the said Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of BingUy, respectively, or of any other Court Baron whatsoever, but that the same shall be, remain, and continue in as full and am ple Po wer, Jurisdiction, and Authority, for Recovery of any Debt or Damages under forty Shillings, as if tb*s Ad had never been made. " v

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Courts Baron of the said Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bi>gley% within their Jurisdictions respectively, and the Steward and Deputy Stewards thereof, to proceed anu hold flea not only in any Plaint, Suitor Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding forty Shillings, but also in any Plaint, Suit or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, which hath accrued, or shall hereafter arise or accrue, within the Jurisdiction of their said Courts respectively, and to proceed to Judgement, Trial, Verdict, final Judgement and Execution, in every such Plaint, ouit or Action, in the same or the like Manner as they have heretofore done in any Plaint, Suitor Action, for any Debtor Damages not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, with full Power of awarding Costs to either Party, and proceeding for the Recovery thereof, as well as for the said Damage*, and of exercising all such other Liberties and Privileges whatsoever as they have heretofore done in any Plaint, Suit or Action, for Debt or Damages, in the said Courts respectively, notwithstanding any Thing herein contained to the contrary.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Defendant or Defendants in any Summons, or Precept in Nature thereof, issued from either or any of the said Courts Baron, or by the Steward or Deputy Steward thereof respectively shall not (having been served therewith as herein after mentioned) appear at the Return thereof, or within one Hour after calling or opening the Court held next after issuing fich Summons or Precept, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* therein (Proof being made, on Oath, in open Court, that such Summons or Precept hath been duly executed, by Delivery of a Copy thereof to the Defendant or Defendants, or leaving the same at his, hvr, or their Dwel-ling-house 01 Houses, five Days at the lead before the Return thereof) to enter a Common Appearance

Gi for

j

No Attorney to be employed, or enjoy any Pci-vilege.

or aft as Commissioner. Sec,

Penalty on not obeying Sub-peena s

ms* be levied by Distiefk#

Limitation of Actions,

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Reservation of the Rights of the Courts Baron.

Clause for e* tending the Jurisdiction of the Courts

Baron.

How Plaintiff t# proceed, when Defeodjnt does n^t appear.

4*

Penary cn Ju-lymon rot appearing when iumrr.oi.cH,

Suits for any Sum under 51* not to be removed by Certiorari, &c.

proviso. Public AO,

‘i

[Preamble.]

How far the Exemption shall extend ro Cattle foing to and from Hater or Pasture

This AO not to exempt Cattle otherwise liable to pay Toll.

Prean b!e.

Rights of Parties,

Claim of Trinity College, Cambridge, to Great Tythes

and of the Vicar

of Enfield to Small Jjtiut,

C. 16, 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

fdr such Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereoiras if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her, or their Appearance in pursuance of such Summons or Piecepf, notwithstanding any Law, Uftujp, or Practice to the contrary.

AXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person duly impannelled and summoned to serve upon any Jury in the said Courts Baron respectively, who shall not appear and serve on such Jury (after being three Times called, and Proof being made on Oath, that the Person so making Default hath been duly summoned) shall forfeit and pay, for every such Default, such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of fire Pounds, as the Steward or other Officer holding the said Court wherein such Default shall happen, shall from Time to Time think reasonable to impose or set, unless just Cause for such Defaulter’s Absence shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Steward or other Officer of the said Court respectively; which said Fine or Fines, if not paid on Demand thereof, shall, together with the Costs of levying thereof, be recovered by Distress and Sale of such Defaulter’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under thtf Hand and Seal of the Steward or Deputy Steward of the said Courts Baron respectively, ancf shall be applied as other Fines of the said Courts have been heretofore payable or applicable.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That; from and after the passing of this Act, no Plaint, Suit or Actiory to be entered or commenced in the said Courts Baron respectively, for any Debt or Damages under nVe'Pounds, arising jvithatvthe said Honour or Manors respectively, or any Judgement or other Proceedings to be had thereupon, shall be removed or removeable by any Writ of Recordari facial Loquelam, Certiorari, falsi?’Judgment, or otherwise howsoever; but such Judgements in the said Courts Baron respectively, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and PbrpoYes whatsoever.

XXXI. Provided neverthefefa,'That all Plaints in Replevin shall be had and proceeded in and remove-able, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever* without specially pleading the tanie.

-. 1.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going lo and from Water or Pasture.

WHEREAS an Exemption from Toll has, by several A£h for repairing Turnpike Roads, beer* granted for Cattle going to and from Water and Pasture: And whereas many Disputes have arisen how far that Exemption extended; and it is not reasonable that Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture should be exempted from Toll, when they travel upon, and make use of, any Turnpike Road for any considerable Length ;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Exemption from Toll for Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture, i$ or shall be given by: any Act or Acts made, or to be made, for repaii; *g any Turnpike Road, such Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall be driven to and from Water Or Pasture from one Parish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Cattle as shall not pass upon any such Turnpike Road, more than for the Space of two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Pasture.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no hing in this Act contained shall exempt from the Payment of Toll, any Cattle going to and from Water or rafture, for which any Person shall be liable to pay Toll, by any Act made, or to be made, for repairing any Turnpike Road.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for dividing the Chase of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other s therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the King’s most excellent Majesty is seised to himself, his Heirs and Successors, in Fee-simple, of the Chase of Enfield, lying within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, being Parcel of the Estates and Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, subject nevertheless to such Right of Common, and other Rights, as the Freeholders and Copyholders of Messuages, Lands* 4( and Tenements, situate and being within the several Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, South Minims, and Monken Ha iley, in the fan! County of Middlesex, or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the Time being, are intitled unto, within and upon the said Chafe: And whereas the M after, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College in the University o! Cambridge are Patrons of the Vicarage of Enfield aforesaid, and also Owners of all impropriate anti redoiial Tythes arising within the same Parish, and as such are intitled to all Great Tythes arising or to arue within the said Chase: And whereas Theodcfn Crowley Widow, as Trustee for the Right Honourable Ipilmot Earl of Lisburne in the Kingdom of Ireland, is Lessee. 4 to the said Master. Felloe s, and Schol is. of all the Great Tythes within the said Parish: And whereas the Reverend Rickard Neivbon Clerk B..chtlor in Divinity, is the present Vicar of the find Parish of Enfield, and, by vn t ue thereof, is intit! d to all Vicanal Tythes and Dues within the said-Chafe: And whereas the i'hid Chale, in its present State, yields very little Profit or Advantage either to the King’s Majesty, or to the said Freeholder and Copyholueis, or their Tenants, in Companion of what it might

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 45

do, if the same was divided and improved: And whereas^ith a View to such Division, an accurate Survey made,

Survey, Admeasurement, and Flan of the said Chase, with a Table of References thereto, have been *nd Plan taken. 4 lately made and taken, whereby it appears, that- the said Chau* contained eight thousand three hundred Quantity of and forty-nine Acres, one Rood, and thirty Perches, or thereabouts, including the several lodges and Lao*. ^Incroachments thereon: And whereas, upon Consideration had of the Rights of the Ki g’s Majesty, Th Scheme of

and of the Panics interested, it appears, that the several Portions or Allotments, herein after assigned Division.

to and for the Benefit of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and their Tenants and Lessees, will be

a full and adequate Compensation for all their Rights and Interests within and upon the said Chafe:

And that the several Allotments, herein after assigned to the Owners of Tythes of the said Parish of Enfield, will be a salt and adequate Compensation for the Tythes of all such Parts of the said Chafe as are herein after particularly mentioned, and intended to be exonerated therefrom: All which said several Allotments are set out upon the said Chafe with Stakes, or other Muiks or Mounds; and are also described and delineated on the aforesaid Surveyor Plan of the said Chafe: And whereas the setting out and allotiibg to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, their Tenants and Lessees, such respective Shares and Proportions, of the said Chafe as aforesaid, in Satisfaction and Discharge of all their Rights and

Interests upon the said Chafe; and also the setting out and assigning to the said Owners of Tythes, such r Portions or Allotments as aforesaid, and the dividing and separating the said several Portions and Allotments from each other, and from th? Residue of the said Chafe, herein after assigned to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, will be a Means of accelerating the Cultivation of the said Chafe, which,

by the Goodness of its Soil, and its Vicinity to the Metropolis, will be of public Utility, and of Benefit to all Persons intended therein: But forasmuch as such Division cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid of Parliament May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Portion or Allotment of Land within, and Part of, and set^out upon the said Chafe, Allourentto and described and distinguished by blue Lines from the Residue of the said Chafe, on the said Survey or Enfield,

Plan thereof, as The Enfield Allotment, containing one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two Acres, two Roods, and fix Perches; abutting, on the North Part thereof, upon Theobald's Park and Nor thaw Common; on the South Part thereof, upon Enfield Old Parky and on the Allotment herein after assigned to the Owner of the said Park, and on the Edmonton Allotment; on the East Part thereof, upon divers Inclosures within the Parish of Enfield \ and on the Weft Part thereof, upon the Tythe Allotments, East Lodge Farrp* and the KingJs Allotment; together with all Incroachments, Timber Trees and other Trees,

Tellers and Saplings thereon, slave only and except such Oak and Beech Trees as have been already marked up and fold, (landing upon a certain Pait of the said Allotment, lying to the North of the Gutter or Brook running into New Pond and North of East Lodge Farm, which Part comaineth two hundred Acres) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become, and the same shall from thenceforth be and remain vested in the Churchwardens of the said Parish of E*field for the Time being, and their Successors forever, in Trust for, and for the sole Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of Freehold and of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Enfield, their H irs and Assigns, and their Lefftes, Tenants, and Undertenants for the Time being, intitled to *a Right of Common, or other Rights within the said Chafe, according to their several Estates and Interests therein

II. And be it further enacted, That all that Portion or Allotment of Land within, and Part of, and set AUotrrrntto out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguished on the said Survey or Plan thereof by Words and Edmonton* Green Lines from the Residue of the said Chafe, as The Edmonton Allotment, containing one thousand two

hundred and thirty-one Acres, two Roods, and fix Perches; abutting, on the North and Weft Parts thereof, upon the King’s Allorment; further North, upon the South Lodge Farm, the Tythe Allotments, and Enfield Allotment; further West, upon Inclosures in the Parish of East Barnet; and on the South Part thereof, upon the Township or Village of Southgate, and divers Inclosures in the said Parish Edmonton; and on the East Part thereof, upon Enfield Old Parky and upon the Allotment herein after assigned to the-Owner of the said Park; and all Incroachments thereon, and also all Timber Trees, Woods, and Underwoods (landing on the several Parts of the said Allotment herein after described, (that is to say) on that Part which lieth South and South-west of Hourtfden Gutter, and on those Parts of the said Allotment which abut Westward on a Vifto or Line cut or flaked out from Winchnore hill Gate to the South Lodge Inclosure, East ward on Enfield Old Park, and Northward on the Enfield Allotment, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become, and the same shall from thenceforth be and remain vested in the Churchwardens of the Lid Parish of Edmonton for the Time being, and their Successors for ever, in Trust for, and for the sole Benefit of the Owners and Propiierors of Freehold and of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of Edmonton, their Heirs and Assigns, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Undertenants for the Time being, intit led to a Right of Common, or other Rights within the said Chafe, according to their several Estates and Interests therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That all that Portion or Allotment of Land within, and Part of, and Allotment to set out upon the said Chafe, and described and dftmgnished on the la»d Survey or Plan thereof by Words South Mimira* and Yellow Lines from the Rest of the said Chafe, as The South Miaims Allotment, containing one thousand

and twenty-six Acres. nd three Ptrchvs; abutting, on the North Part thereof, upon the Highway leading from tly* North End of P tier's Bar to the Great Hook-gate \ on th* vourb Part thereof, upon the Allotments herein-af'rei assigned to the Incumbent of the Parish of Monken Halley, and to thr Owner of the Manor ot Old Foil; On the East Parr, thereof, upon the Kiss’s Allotment; and on the W( ft Part thereof, up >n divers Inclosures and Waste Lands within the Parish of South Afimms; and all Incroachments thereon. together with a:l such Timber and other Tr< e>. Woods and Underwoods, a^stand on that Part of the said Allotment which lieth South of the Road leading from JV{ft Lod^t to Potter's Bar, shall, from'

and

46

if

i/loakccHidley.

-Appcrt’onmfnt ,* of Monk* n Hadley Allotment*

Allotment to the Incumbent*

Allotment for Hailey Com~

'4109.

‘i’lovlfo.

Allotment to Enfold Old

>Park.

A Road to be ma-W- determined by Enfold Old Park.

PlrWetor of tl*e P.rk to pay 51* Year to the Parish of Ed-^luntvin \

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

and after die pafliflg of this Act, become, and the same shall from thenceforth be and remain verted in the Church wardens of the said Parish of South Albums for the Time being* and their Successors f«>r ever, in Trufi: for, and for the sole benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of Freehold and of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of South Albums* their Heirs and Assigns, and their Lessees, Tenants and Undertenants for the Time being, intitled to a Right of Common, or other Rights within the said Ciu'e, according to their several Estates and Interests therein, unrii the same shall be let out into sperific Shares and Allotments, in Manner herein-ufter provided and directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That ail that Alio mem of Land within, and Part of, and set out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguished on the said Survey or Plan thereof by Words and Red Lines from the Rest of the said Cnale, containing two hundred and forty Acres; abutting, on the North Part thereof, upon the Allotments of his Majesty, and of the Parish of South Altmms\ on the South Part thereof, upon divers Inclosures within the said Parish of Monken Hadley; on the East Part thereof, upon the King’s Allotment; and on the Welt Pait thereof, upon the Old Ford Allotment, certain Incroachments made upon the said Chafe, and the Township of Monken Hadley, shall be, and the same are hereby assigned and set apart in Satisfaction of all Rights of Common, and other Rights whatsoever, which the Lo;d of the Manor of Monken Hadley% his Tenants, and other the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of Monken Hadley, their LtUVes* Tenants, or Undertenants, are intitled unto within or upon the said Chale, and in Compensation and Discharge (hereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all that Portion or Share of the said Monken Hadley Allotment* lying on the North Side of the Road called Camlot-way, containing fifty Acres, as the same is flaked or marked out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguished from the Rert of the said Chafe on the said Survey or Plan thereof, as The Allotment to the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and become vested in the Incumbent of the Donative Peculiar or Parish Church of Monken Hadley for the Time being, and his Successors for ever, in Lieu and Discharge of, and as a Satisfaction for, all Tythes whatsoever, accruing, arising, or growing due to the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, or his Successors, within the said Parish of Monken Hadley; and that all the Residue and Remainder of the said two hundred and forty Acres, artigned to the said Parish of Monken Hadley, and defeished and distinguished from the Rest of the said Chafe on the said Survey or Plan as The Monken Hadley Common, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become and from thenceforth be and remain verted in the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Alonken Hadley for the Time being, and their Successors for ever, in Trufi for, and for the sole Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of freehold and of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of Monken Hadley, their Heirs and Assigns, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Undertenants, for the Time being, intitled to a Right of Common, or other Rights within the said Chafe, according to their several Estates and Interests therein.

VI. Provided always, ‘Diat all Trees now growing, or which shall hereafter be planted for Shelter or Ornament, upon the said last* mentioned Allotment, within the Distance of three-score Yards of the ancient Chafe-bund ary, or Ring-fence, shall be the Property of the Owners of Houses and Lands next to which the Trees are so (landing, or shall be fc planted severally and respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all that Portion or Allotment of Land, within, and Part of, and set out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguished on the said Survey or Plan thereof, in Words and by Red Lines from the Rest of the said Chafe, as The Allotment to Enfield Old Park* containing thirty Acres and fifteen Perches; abutting, on the North Part thereof, upon the Erfield Allotment; on the Weft or South-west Part thereof, upon the Edmonton Allotment; and on the South e<:ft Part thereof, upon the said Enfield Old Park; with all Trees, Woods, and Underwoods thereon, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become, and the same shall from thenceforth be and remain verted in the Owner and Proprietor of the said Enfield Old Park, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, according to his and their Rights and interests in the said Park, in full Compensation, Satisfaction, and Discharge of all such exclusive and peculiar Rights, Cl aims, and Privileges, within and upon the said Chafe, as the Owner and Proprietor of the said Park, in respect thereof, is intitled unto, or could or might challenge, or have, in the said Chafe, over and above such Right as the said Owner and Proprietor is intitled unto or claims in respect of his Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said Parishes of Enfield and Edmonton, or either of them, in common with other Freeholders in those Parishes.

VIII. 'And whereas several Gates do lead out of Enfield Old Park aforesaid, upon that Part of the Chafe which is allotted to the Parish of Edmonton, and which will be convenient and necessary to be continued for the Use of the Owner and Proprietor of the said Enfield O d Park, his Heiis and Assigns, and his or their Tenant or Tenants, to pass and repass to and from his and their Lands: And whereas, irt order to accommodate the said Owner and Proprietor of the said Enfield Old Park, his Heirs and Af- signs, and his or their Tenant or Tenants; and to prevent the Inconvenience and Prejudice which otherwise would arise to the Allotment assigned to the said Parish of Edmonton* it has been agreed between the Owner or Proprietor of the fai l Enfield Old Parky and the Parishioners of the said Parish of Edmon- ten, that a Public Way of forty Feet wide shall be fenced out of their said Allotment next to the Fence of the said Enfield Old Parky from Filcaps Gate to the Etfiuid Old Park Allotment, and be for ever main- tuin<d by the Parishioners of the said-Parish of Edmonton; and the said Way shall be considered as a Pub- lie Way belonging to the said Parish of Edmonton; and, in Consideration thereof, the said Owner and Proprietor of Enfield Old Park hath agreed to pay to the Parish of Edmonton a clear yearly Rent-charge of five Pounds a Year for ever, free and clear of all Taxes, Repi ilals, and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner herein-afrer mentioned ;* be it therefore enacted, That the Owner and Proprietor of Enfield Old Park, his Heirs or Assigns, shall yearly and every Year pay to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Edmonton for the Time being, and their Successors for ever, one yearly Rent-charge of five Pounds a Year, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Reprisals, and Deductions whatsoever, chargeable upon and issuing

47

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

out of the said Enfield Old Park Allotment of thirty Acres and fifteen Perches, payable half-yearly, at Lady-day and Michaelmas in every Year, the first Payment thereof to be^in and be nude on Lady day, oner thoutaiul seven hundred and seventy-eight; and which said Rent-char e of five Pounds (h 11 be, from Time to Time, applied by the said Overseers of the said Parish of Edmonton, for the Time being, and their Successors, in Aid of the Poor’s Rate of the said Parish of Edmonton, in such Manner as (hill, from Time to Time, by Older of Vestry, be directed, with such Powers of Entry and Difbefs, and other Powers and Remedies on the said thirty Acres and fifteen Perches, lor Recove, y of the said Rent-charge

ton Nonpayment) and all Arrears thereof, and the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, as are by -aw allowed for Recovery of Rents-churge of the Jike Nature; and, in Consideration thereof, the Pa-riftiioners of the said ParMh of Edmonton shall, at their own Expence, set out, fence, make, and for ever maintain such Public Way, of such Width as aforesaid; and the Owner and Proprietor of the said Enfield Old Park\ his Heirs and Assigns, and his or their Tenant or Tenants, shall, from and after the making of such Public Way as aforesaid, have the Ule thereof for the passing and repassing of his and their Carriages-and Cattle, to and from the said Enfield Old Park; and until the said Parishioners of the said PariCl #f Edmonton shall set out, fence, and make such Public Way as aforesaid, it shall and nv»y be lawful to and for the said Owner and Proprietor of the said Enfield Old Parky his Heirs and Assigns, his and their Tenant and Tenants, with his and their Carriages or Cattle, to pass over the said Edmonton Allotment*? in the same Manner as he and they are now accustomed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all that Portion or Allotment of Land, within, and Part of, and set out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguished on the said Survey or Plan thereof, in Words and by Green Lines from the Rest of the said Chafe, as The Allotment to the Manor of Old Fold, containing thirty-six Acres, three Roods, and twenty-four Perches; abutting, on the North Part thereof, upon the South Mimms Allotment; on the South rart thereof, upon certain Incroachmems made upon the said Chafe; on the East Part thereof, upon the Allotment of the Incumbent of Monken Hadley; and on the Weft Part thereof, upon the Great North Road leading from Barnet to Hatfield *K together with all Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, (landing and growing thereon, shall, from and after the passing of this Act* become, and the same (h .11 from thenceforth be and remain vtfted in the Owner and Proprietor of the said Manor of Old Foldy his Heirs and Afiipns, forever, according to his and their Rights and Imerefls in the said Manor, in full Compensation, Satisfaction, and Discharge, of all such exclusive peculiar Rights, Claims, and Privileges, within and upon the said Chafe, as the Owner and Proprietor of the said Manor* ef Old Foldy in respect thereof, is in titled unto, or could or might challenge, or have in the said Chaic, over and above such Ri^ht as the said Owner and Proprietor is intitled unto or claims in respect of his Messuages, Lands, or 1 tnements, within the said Parish of South Mimms, in common with other Freeholders in that Parish.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Owners and Proprietors of the said Enfield Old Park\ and Manor of Old Fold, their Heirs, Assigns, Lessees, and Tenants, shall and may, notwithstanding the aforesaid special Allotments made to them, have and be intitled unto the same Rights within and upon; and stand interested in the Allotments made and assigned for the Benefit of the Parishes within which the said Park and Manor are respectively situate, for and in respect of such Rights and Privileges as the said Owners and Proprietors of the said Park and Manor are intitled unto for the said Park and Manor, in common with the said other Freeholders and Copyholders in such respective Parishes; any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That the said Allotments assigned unto the Owners and Proprietors of the said Park and Manor respectively, shall be subject and liable to all such Uses, Trusts, Estates, Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisions, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said Park or Manor, to which the same are assigned, are respectively subject and liable to at the Time of passing this Act, Leases at Rack Rents only acid always excepted.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Pounds or Pinfolds, and Strayfields, within the said Chafe, shall for ever remain veiled in and be maintained and kept repaired by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as heretofore accustomed.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any of the said Pounds or Pinfolds shall be hereafter found inconvenient in respect of Situation, it shall be lawful for the Steward or Ltflee of the Manor or Lordship for the Time being, to which such Pound or Pinfold shall belong, by and with the Consent of the Churchwardens of the Parish wherein such Pound or Pinfold is fuuace, to remove the same to any other convenient Place or Places within such respective Manor, or to erect any other Pounds or Pinfolds for the more conveniently impounding of Cattle trespassing within the said Manors respectively. -

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotments, herein-before assigned for the Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, as aforesaid, and to the said Owners and Proprietors of Enfield Old Parky and Manor ot Old Fold respectively, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Under-tenants, shall be taken and accepted in full Compensation, Satisfaction, and Discharge of all their Right?, Claims, and Privileges whatsoever, in, over, and upon all the Residue of the said Cnafe: And that the said several Allotments shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, become, and remain freed, exonerated, and for ever absolutely discharged, of ani from all Right3 of Chafe, Right of Soil, and Right of Common, of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his and their Tenants and Lessees within or upon the same; save and except such temporary Rights of Chafe as are herein-afrer enacted and provided for.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all those several Portions or Allotments of Land, within and Part of, and set out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguished on the aforesaid Survey or Plan thcicof, in Words and by Red.Lincs, from the Rest-of the said Chafe, as The Allotment for Tythes $ (that

who are to make and murrain the said Road,

Allotment to 013 FoldManor.

Reservation of Common Right9 to Enfield Pari* and Manor of OM Fold.--

P’nfnM$Vefer*d to the Ciowrt,

Strwtrd, & c.

m5> remove Pin*' folds, with Consent of Chore hJ wardens.

Allotments to

he accent d in lieu of other v Rnjhtta

IS

Allctment In Dilchaue of Great,) if

cerui 1 Pails of the Ckci*.

48 C. 17, Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Directiom for

apportioning the Residue of the Tythe Allotment.

When Referee*

differ in Opinion, a.i Umpire to be eie&< ed.

For apportioning Fart «of the Tythe Allotment.

is to say) One Allotment, containing four hundred and cigirv-nine Acres, and thirty-two Perches, abutting, on th -. North and North e*ft Parts tneienf, i.pon a certain Road there, further East on the Enfield Allotment, and on the South and Weft Pans thereof, upon his Majesty's Allotment, an! the Almnmnt to the Parish of Edmonton; and one other Allotment, lying near the End of Parfiti s Lane near Eafield Town, on the South Side of the Road leading from the Lid Lane up the Chafe, containing, by Admeasurement, four Acres and two Roods; one other Allotment, lying on the North Side of the said Road, nearly opposite to Matter Bache\ House, containing, by Admeasurement, fifteen Acres and two Roods; and one orher Allotment, lying near the Windmill on the Lid Chafe, abutting, on the South, on the Fence of Erfield Old Park, and on the South-cast Part on the Back of the Spring lying above the House in the Occupation of Matter John Horne^ containing ten Acies, making in the whole five hundred and nineteen Acres and thirty-two Perches, shall, from and after the Apportionment herein after directed* become, and the same shall from thenceforth be and remain vetted in the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College in the University of Cambridge, and their Successors, and the said Earl of Lisburne, and the Right Honourable Lord Vaughan, eldest.Son of the said Earl of Lisburne, and in the said vicar of Env field and his Successors, according to their several Shares and Proportions thereof and lnierefts therein, to be set out to them in Manner herein after directed; freed and discharged of and from all Rights of Chafi.% and Soil, Rights of Common, and other Rights of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the several Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, their Heirs, Lessees, Tenants, and Attigns, except Suit and Service to the Courts of the Manor of Enfield aforesaid.

XV. And whereas the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and the said Earl of Lifourne, and Lord Vaughan, have agreed with the said Vicar to set out and allot to him eighty Acres, Part of the Lid Tythe

Allotment of four hundred and eighty-nine Acres and thirty two Perches, in Lieu and Satisfaction of his Shafe 3nd Interest therein; and the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, being disposed to augment the said Vicarage, have agreed with the said Earl of Lisburne, and the said Lord Vaughan his Son, for their Term and Interest in one hundred and sixty Acres, other Part of tire said Tythe Ailotment of four hundred and eighty-nine Acres and thirty-two Perches, which the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, propose to unite to the said eighty Acres, upon the Terms and for the Pu: poles herein after mentioned; and that the two hundred and firty-nine Acres and thirty-two Perches, Residue of the said Tythe Allotment last mentioned, and all Trees and Underwoods now (landing and growing thereon (except such 4 'Frees as have been already marked for his Majesty's Use), shall be held, enjoyed, and taken, by the said Earl of Lijburrie and Lord Vaughan, during the Residue of the Term and interest they have to cerne in the Lease thereof: And, for effeeluating the Agreements aforesaid,' be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for The mas Browne of Camfield-place in the County of Hertford Esquire, and William Young of Portugal-fired, Lincoln s-inn fields, in the County of Middlesex, Land Surveyor, and they are hereby appointed Referees for dividing and apportioning, and they are hereby authorised and directed to divide, set out, and apportion, and by their Award in Writing, to be by them executed, to assign the said Allotment of four hundred and eighty-nine Acres and thirty-two Perches, to and amongst the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, and the said Vicar of Enfield and his Successors, and the said Earl of Lisburne and Lord Vaughan, and their Trustee, in Manner following 5 (that is to say) To the said Vicar of Enfield and his Successors, such Share or Proportion thereof as they shall adjudge (Quantity, Qualify, and Situation considered) to be equal in Value to eighty Acres, upon an Average Value of the whole of the said Allotment of four hundred and eighty-nine Acres and thirty-two Perches; and to the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, such Share or Proportion thereof as they shall adjudge (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) to be equal in Value to one hundred and sixty Acres of the said Allotment of four hundred and eighty-nine Acres and thirty-two Perches, to be united to the said Vicarage, and for augmenting the same as herein after is mentioned; and the R'lidue of the same Allotment to the said Earl of Lisburne and Lord Vaughan, and their Trustee, for such Term and Interest as they have therein by virtue of the said Lease, or shall hereafter obtain by Renewals thereof from the said College; and the said Referees shall also, in and by their said Awa^d, afccriain the Fences to be made by the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, their Successors and Lessee, and by the Lid Vicar and his Successors, in the Proportions herein after directed; whLh Award shall be imolled in his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, and shall afterwards he depottred and kept by the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, in their College in the Lid University of Cambridge; and the said Inrolment, or a Copy thereof, shall be at all Times deemed legal Evidence of the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Referees shall differ in Opinion concerning the Premises, then, and in such Case, the said Referees are hereby authorised and required, foirh-with, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and elect an Umpire between them, to determine the Matters so in Difference; and that the Judgment and Determination of such Umpire shall be final and conclusive.

XV' U. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotment, containing, by Admeasurement, four Acres and two Roods, and the said other Allotment; containing fifteen Acres and two Roods, as set out and described by the said Survey or Plan of the Lid Chafe, dull go to, and be held and enjoyed determined by the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College aforesaid, and their Successors, and the Lid Earl of Lif-burnt and Lord Vaughan, and their Truth e, according to their several Rights and Inteiells therein, for ever; and 'hat so much of the Fences as shall adj >u\ to any Road or Roans, or open Parts of the said Enfield Allotrmnr, determined by this Act directed to be kept in common to the said Parish, shall be made by the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, or their Ldlee, and the said Vicar or his Lettee, and the Rciiducof the said Fences

9

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

Srho'ars of the said Ccfiieg hereafter, to compound chYcharg ng the remaining cfihefi.d Allotment, ali.p of Tythes, and to rccept mer.t, or such other Com

in

on, as v*

49

by the Lefteeor Lcflecs, Occupier or Occupiers of the Land adjoining to the said AMofments; a fid that the Allotment lying near the said Windmill, containin'? ten Acres, as d-kribed in the said Survey 01 I’lan, Ifcall go to and be held and enjoyed by the Vicar of Enfield, and his Successors for ever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, 7^hnt i: ftnll and may be lawful to and for the f iJ Matter, Fellow^, and Scholars, and their Successors, at any Time hereafter, by any Deed or Writing to be sealed with their Common Seal, to augment the said Vicarage, by annexing thereto the ("aid one hundred and sixty Acres, and that the same, with all Houses and Buildings thereon, shall for ever belong to the Vicar; ge, and shall from thenceforth be vetted in, and held and enjoyed by, the Vicar of the said Parish of

for the Time being, and his Successors, as Parcel of the Glebe appertaining to the Vicarage of the said Parish; subject nevertheless to all such Conditions, Limitations, and Directions, as shall be set forth, contained, and expressed in and by such Deed of Augmentation as aforesaid: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors (if they shall so think fit), in and by such Deed, to declare and appoint, that when and so often as any Fellow of the said Co.'hgs shall be presented to and shall accept of the said Vicarage, such Acceptance shall vacate his Fellowship, and the said Vicarage be considered as a full Provifmn for every such Fellow to be marc by the said College: Which Deed of Augmentation shall be inrolled in his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, and that such Inrounent, or a Copy thereof, shall be at all Times legal Evidence of the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such of the Fences of the said Allotments for Tythes as are herein after directed to be marie at his Majesty's Expence, shall be completed, and the said Allotments apportioned and assigned by the said Referees as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed and taken as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for, and shall be accepted by the said Mutter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, and their Lessee, and determined by the Vicar of the said Parish of Enfield, and his Successors, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all and all Manner of Tythes whatsoever, which might or could otherwise accrue, arise, or become due to them or their Surceflfors Tenant-, or Lessees, either upon or from the several Lodges upon the said Chafe, and the inclosed Lands held and occupied with the said Lodges, or upon or from all such Parts of the said Chafe, whether open or inclosed, which, under the Provisions of this Act, shall or may become the Property of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or upon or from such Part of the said Enfield Allotment, not exceeding two hundred Acres, as shall be inclosed from the Residue of the said Allotments under the Provisions herein after for that Purpose contained, or upon or from the several Portions or Allotments assigned to the said Parish of South Minims, and the Owners and Proprietors of Enfield Old Per/:, and Mr.nor of Old Fol ly or any of them: And that immediately after the said Fences of the said last mentioned Allotments for Tythes, directed to be made at his Majesty's Expence, shall be so made and completed, not only all such Parts of the said Chafe as shall become the exclusive Property of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act, and all Encroachments thereon, but also all the Lodges within the said Chafe, and all inclosed Lands therewith held and occupied, and also the said two hundred Acres so intended to be inclosed, being Part of the said Allotment of one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two Acres, two Roods, and fix Perches, afllgned to the Parish of Enfield\ and also all and singular the said several Allotments of the said Chafe, and every Part thereof, herein-beforr assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms, and to the Owners of Enfield Old Perk and Manor of Old FohL and to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, an i their LefT e, and to the Vicar of Enfield, and every of them, shall become and shall from thenceforth remain, and be for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from all Tythes, of what Nature or Kind soever.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall take away or a fleet the Rights of the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors or Lefiecs, or of the Vicar of Enfield for the Time being, or any of them, to such Tythes as shall arise and accrue from the said Chafe, or any Inclosures made or to be made within the same, until the Fences of the said Portions or Allotments, hereby assigned to the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and the Vicar of Enfield, directed to be made at his Majesty's Expence, shall have been so made and completed. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall abridge, takeaway, leften, or in any wise affrdt the Rights of the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, their Successors or Letters, or the Vicar of the Parish of Enfield for the Time being, oV his Successors, of, in, or to any Tythes, which shall arise, accrue, or growdue from the several Allotments of the said Cnafc, hereby assigned ro or for the Benefit of the said Parishes of Evfiddy Edmonton, and Monken Hal ley, and the Incumbrnt of Monkcn Hadley, or either of them (excepting only as to the said two hundred Acres, Parc i f the said Enfield Allotment, herein after directed to be inclosed); but that the said M tter. Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors and Lefties, and the Vicar of Enfield and his Successors, shall be intitled unto and shall have, receive, and t. ke, in and upon the said several last mentioned Allotments, and every Part thereof respectively (except as to the Lid two hundred Acres), all and all Manner of Tythes, which shall arise and accrue thereon or therefrom, in as ample and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would severally and respectively have been infilled unto, in case this Act had not been made; any Th:rg herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Fellows, and, and their SuccessVs, and the Vicar of Enfield, or his Successors, at any Time d agree vi.h the Ftethn! iers and Copyholders of the said Parish of Etfiddy for v!« thous.uu! fivo lrmded and thirty-two Acrec, two Roods, and fix Perches, aed to or f r tin* Benefit of that Parish, or any Part there *f, fr ,ni the Payment thereof, such Sharebmd Proportion of the said bitt-uv iitioned Allot— shall be far) d and agreed upn b ^we- n the feud Part;es f*>r tint

En ce'dV;nr.

atr m y b: lamented, &c.

Dred of Aus-mtn'ation ro be inrollel. Allotment* ro be accepted in lieu of such. Tyttc*.

Cerfa'n Part? of the Chafe made T^lhe-irtc.

A R<»fervar*on to Tv h*-n>va. er«, till their Allrrmen;* DC fenced.

Powers to competed ft r 1’; thei of En-h.ld A lotment#

Purnn'c; which Agreement, b/eg re Mice I into Writing, and sea’ed with the Common Sal of the {bid M iter, Fellows, Mid Srhol irs, an 1 (breed, (baled, and executed by the Vicar of £ fin Id for the Time being, and also by four Pa;ti in five of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenc-V oL. XIII. Part I. H ments.

5°

The like Power as to Edmonton and Hailey Al» juuncats*

The Flee for Hidley Inenm-bent’s Allot-snt at#

The Eke for the Owners of In-Broacbmeats.

Compositions for Tythes not to prejudice Lessees.

Allotments to Ike Ku-g.

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

naents, in the said Parish of Enfield not being within or Part of the said Chase, who shall be assessed to the Land Tax for the said Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and which Majority shall be determined by the Land Tax Assessment for the Year next preceding the making of the said Agreement; and such Agreement being also approved by the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, testified by his signing his Consent and Approbation thereto at the Foot of such Agreement, and being inrolled in his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster* shall be for ever thereafter legal, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, or other Disability whatsoever.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, and the Vicar of Enfield, and his Successors, and a major Part in Number and Value of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said respective Parishes of Edmonton and Monken Hadley, shall severally have the like Powers and Abilities to compound and agree for the Tythes of the said Allotments or Portions of the said Chafe, hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the said Parishes of Edmonton and Monken Hadley respectively, in Discharge of such Tythes, in all Respects as are herein-before given to the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, and the said Vicar, and his Successors, and to four Parts in five of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Parish of Enfield, in respect to the Tythes of the Residue and Remainder of the said Enfield Allotment; and such Agreement being executed, approved, and inrolled, and undergoing the same Ceremonies and Forms as are herein-before directed in respect to the Tythes of the Remainder of the said Allotment to the said Parish of Enfield, shall forever thereafter be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, or other Disability whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, and the Vicar of Enfield, and his Successors, at any Time hereafter, to compound and agree with the Incumbent of the Peculiar Donative or Parish Church of Monken Hadley for the Time being, for discharging the said Allotment of fifty Acres hereby assigned to the said Incumbent of Monken Hadley, or any Part thereof, from the Payment of Tythes, and to accept, in lieu thereof, such Share and Proportion of the said last mentioned Allotment, or such other Composition as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Parties for that Purpose; which Agreement being reduced into Writing, and sealed with the Common Seal of the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and signed, sealed, and executed by the Vicar of Enfield, and by the Incumbent of the Peculiar Donative or Parish Church of Monken Hadley for the Time being, and by the Patron thereof 5 and such Agreement being also, in respect of the said Vicar of Enfield, approved by the said Bishop of London for the Time being, testified by his signing his Consent and Approbation thereto at the Foot of such Agreement, and being inrolled in his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, shall be for ever thereafter legal, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, or other Disability whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, and the Vicar of Enfield, and his Successors, or any of them, according to their respective Rights, at any Time hereafter, to compound and agree with the Owners of any Incroachments within the said Chafe, which are not by this Act discharged from Tythes, for discharging his, her, or their respective Incroachment or Incroachments, from the Payment of Tythes, and to accept in lieu thereof such annual Composition in Money as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Parties for that Purpose; which Agreement being reduced into Writing, and sealed with the Common Seal of the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and signed, sealed, and executed by the Vicar of Enfield for the Time being; and being also, in respect of the said Vicar of Enfield, approved by the said Bishop of London for the Time being, testified by his signing his Consent and Approbation thereto at the loot of such Agreement, and the same being inrolled in his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaficry shall be for ever thereafter legal, valid, and efferftual, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, or other Disability whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Great Tythes of the said Parish of Enfield shall happen to be in Lease or Demise from the said College to any Person or Persons whatsoever, at the Time or Times of making any Composition or Agreement in lieu or discharge of Tythes of the said several Allotments of the said Chafe, or any of them, under or by virtue of any rrovisions ox Powers contained or given in and by this Act; that then, and in such Case, such Agreement or Agreements shall be of no Force or Effect in respect of Great Tythes, during the Term and Interest of the Lessee or Lessees of the said Great Tythes, unless such Lessee or Lessees shall be consenting the reto* and be made a Party or Parties to such Agreement, and shall sign, seal, and duly execute the lame, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Residue and Remainder of the said Chafe, not hereinbefore assigned, with all Incroachments thereon, shall, from and after, and so soon as the same shall be completely fevered with Fences from the said other Shares or Allotments herein-before assigned, become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Parcel, of the Pofltflions of the Duchy of Lancaficry freed, exonerated, and for ever discharged of and from all Tyrhes whatsoever; and also of and from all Rights of Common, and other Rights, of what Kind or Nature soever, as well of the Freeholders, Copyholders, Lessees, Tenants and Inhabitants of the aforesaid Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, and every of them, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, as of the present and future Owners, Proprietors, Lessees, Tenants, and Occupiers of Enfield Old Park and Old Fold Farm, or either of them, their Heirs and Assigns; subject nevertheless to such parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, as are herein after particularly mentioned.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 5*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Fences necessary to be made for fevering and dividing from each other all and every the Allotments of the said Chafe, herein-before assigned (save and except the Fence for dividing the Allotment to the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, and their Lessee, from the Allotment to be assigned to the Vicar of Enfield \ and also save and except the Fence for dividing the said Allotment of fifty Acres, assigned to the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, from the Residue of the Allotment of two hundred and forty Acres assigned to the said Parish of Monken Hadley, which said last mentioned Fence is to be made by and at the Expence of the said Parish of Monken Hadley) shall be made and completed at his Majesty's Expence; and that all such Parts of the said Fences as shall abut and adjoin upon any of the Lands within the said Chafe, belonging or to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also all the Fences of Potts and Rails which shall be made under the Directions of this Act, for guarding the Quicksets to be planted for such last mentioned Fences, until such Quicksets shall have formed a sufficient bence of themselves, shall be kept up, maintained and repaired at the Expence of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or his on their Grantees, Lessees, or Tenants thereof respectively; And to that End it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Letters Mandate or Commission, to be issued under the Seal of the said Duchy, to authorise such Person or Persons, as shall be therein named, to make and erect, at his Majesty's Expence, fit and proper Fences, Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and Mounds, as well for fevering, separating, and dividing his Majesty's said Allotments or Portions of the said Chafe from the several other Portions and Allotments thereof, as for the separatine and dividing the said Portions or Allotments set apart to the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and Vicar, and to the said several Parishes, Park, and Manor where such Allotments adjoin to each other (except the Fence dividing the Vicar's Allotment from the Allotment to the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars); and to cut down, grub up, transplant, and convert such fit and proper Butties and Thorns, in and upon any Parts of the said Chafe, where the same may be most conveniently taken for that Purpose, as they shall find necessary and expedient, and actually use in and about the making the said Fences, always having Regard to the Preservation of young Trees j and also for erecting, laying out, and making fit and proper Gates, Inlets, Ways, and Passages, for the convenient Access to and Occupation of his Majesty's said Allotments j which said Letters Mandate or Commission shall be a full and sufficient Authority for so doing.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Fences by this Act directed to be made at his Majesty's Expence, shall consist either of a Brick Wall or Park Pale, or of fit and proper Ditches and Mounds, with Quicksets to be planted thereon in an husband-like Manner; and that, for the better Protection thereof, all such Quicksets as shall be planted at his Majesty's Expence for Fences to divide his Majesty's Lands from the Allotments of the Parish of South Afimms, and of the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, and their Lessee, and of the Vicar of Enfield, shall be guarded with a substantial Fence of Potts, and a double Rail, to be set and placed at his Majesty's Expence upon the said last mentioned Allotments, at some convenient Distance from the said Ditches not exceeding three Feet; and that all such Quicksets as shall be planted at his Majesty's Expence, as well for the Residue of the Boundary or Ring-fences of the Allotments to the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Lessee, and the said Vicar of Enfield, as for the Fences of the Allotments of the Owners of Enfield Old Park and Manor of Old Foldy and of the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, shall be respectively guarded with a like substantial Fence of Ports and double Rail to be set up and placed at his Majesty's Expence on that Side of the said several and respective Quicksets and Ditches which the several and respective Owners of the said last mentioned Allotments for the Time being shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be delivered on or before the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, to his Majesty's Surveyor of Lands for the South Parts of the said Duchy, specify, desire, or direct, and for Want of any such Notice or Notices, the said Fence of Pott and Rail shall be placed in such Manner as the said Surveyor shall think fit. Provided also, That, in making the aforesaid Fences, all the Quicksets shall be planted on the Lines staked or marked out as the Boundaries of the said respective Allotments; and that the several Ditches shall be dug and made within the Allotments of such of the respective Owners, who, under the Provisions of this Act, will not be bound to keep such respective Fences in Repair; and that the Ground and Soil to be dug in making such Ditches shall be formed into Banks on the Side of such Ditches next to the said Quicksets; so as nevertheless the Ground to be used and taken for such Ditches shall in no-wife exceed the Width of fix Feet in the Whole; and that, for the better Protection of such Quicksets as are not herein-before directed to be guarded with Pott and Rail Fences, it shall be lawful for the respective Owners of the said Fences to erect and set up Potts and Rails on the Outsides of such Ditches, and from Time to Time to repair or remove the same; and that from Time to Time, as his Majesty's said Portions or Allotments, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be completely fenced in and fevered from the Residue of the said Chafe, the same shall be discharged from all Rights of Common, and other Rights, of all the f. ii Freeholders and Copyholders, their Heirs, Lett>es, Tenants, and Assigns, and be held and enjoyed in Severalty by the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his and their Lettecs and Tenants, without Disturbance or Interruption. Provided always, That no Bushes or Thorns shall be cut or taken on the Enfield Allotment at any greater Distance than within one hundred Yards of the Fence to be maJc against their said Allotment, or for any other Fence but the Fence of the said Allotment.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety or Half-part of the Fence (the Whole containing twelve Chains in Length) which shall divide the Enfield Allotment from the Edmonton Allotment, (that is to say) that Moiety or Half-part of the said Fence nearest to Enfield Old Park Allotment, shall he for ever repaired by the Parish of Enfield; and that the other Moiety or Half-part of the said Fence shall be repaired by the Parish of Edmonton; and that the Gate, to be erected between the said Allotments of £/i-field and Edmonton, shall be kept in Repair at the joint Expence of the said two Parishes: And that the Fences of the Allotment, assigned to the Owner of Enfield Old Park, shall be for ever repaired by the

Feneei to be

made at hi* M*-ietly’i Ecoence, Except, &c«

The Vatyre the Fence! 4e* feribed.

Directions for planting Quick* (ets, &c.

By whom the Fences are to be repaired.

52

His Majesty, &c. im powered to grant Leases for ninety-nine Yeats,

and to reaew tke same.

Clause for encouraging Growth of Tin\ber on the King's Allotments.

C. 17.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

His Majesty's Rights of Chafe reserved for a limited Time.

Owners of Allotments may kill Deer upon their own LaudSi

Owner or Occupier of the said Allotment for the Time being: And that one Moiety or Half-part of the several Fences for dividing the South Mimms Allotment from the several Allotments aingned to the Incumbent of the Parish of Monken Hadley, and to the Owner of the Manor of Old Fold, shall be for ever repaired by the Owners or Occupiers of such Parts of the South Minims Allotment as shall adjoin to the said last mentioned Fences respectively; and that so much of the other Moiety or Half-part of the said Fences as shall abut upon the said Incumbent’s Allotment, and also one Moiety or Half-part of the Fences dividr ing the said Incumbent’s Allotment from the Allotment to the Manor of Old Fold, and also the Fence at the Southern Extremity of the said Incumbent’s Allotment (excepting such Part thereof as abuts upon certain Inclosures called Mount Pleas ant \ which Part, and all other Fences surrounding the said Lands called Mount Pleasant, shall be repaired by the Occupier of the said Inclosures for the Time being), shall be for ever repaired by the Incumbent of Alonken Hadley and his Successors; and that the Residue of the Fences dividing the South Mimms Allotment and the said Incumbent’s Allotment from the Old Fold Allotment, and also the Fences of the said Old Fold Allotment, where the same abut upon the Great North Road, shall be for ever repaired by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Old Fold Allotment for the Time being.

XXX. And to the End his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may be enabled to make and grant Leases of his and their Parts and Shares of the said Chafe, for such Terms of Years, and with such Pri- vileges, as will make it answer to, and thereby encourage and induce the Lefiles and Tenants thereof to erect and build substantial Houses and Offices, and to make Drains and other Improvements therein, and to enter into Covenant with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for that Purpose;’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to make and grant Leases, under the Seal of the said Duchy, of his Majesty's said Share and Portion of the said Chafe, or 2ny Parts thereof, and of any Lodges, Houses, or Erections now {landing or hereafter to be built thereon, and of any Royalties, Seigniories, Lands, and Inclosures within the said Chafe, with Li--cense for the Lessees to get and take Sand, Earth, and Clay, to make Bricks and Tiles to be used in and upon the Premises, to such Person or Persons as to him or them shall seem meet and expedient, for any Term or Number of Years in Possession, not exceeding ninety-nine Years; and from Time to Time to renew such Lease or Leases, so that, at the Time of any such Renewal, the Term in Possession or remaining unexpired, together with the Term or Terms to be granted in Reversion by such renewed Lease or Leases, do not exceed in the whole ninety-nine Years; and so as such Term or Terms to be granted in Reversion, be made to commence and take Effect on the Expiration of the Term or Terms before granted; and so as all and every such Lease or Leases, whether in Po fie hi on or Reversion, be in all other Kefpedls made and granted agreeable and conformable to the 'Perms and Conditions prescribed and directed by a certain Act of Parliament, of the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An%Atl for the better Support of her Majestys Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

XXXI. And for encouraging the Lessees of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to plant and raise young Trees, and to protect and encourage the Growth of Timber Trees on the Lands so to be demiled to them by such Leases be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the ChanceL lor and Council of his Majesty's Duchy o f Lane after for the Time being, by their Order to be made in Court of Revenue, to authorise and direct the Surveyor of the Woods for the South Parts of the said Duchy, for the Time being, to treat with, and to enter into any Contract or Agreement, on the Part of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to and with such Lelfec or Lessees, for securing unto such Lessee or Lessees, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such a fair and n asonable Allowance or Proportion of all Monies which shall at any Time, during the Term and Interest of such Lessee or Lessees, under their respective Leases, ariseby Sale of l imber within the Lands so to be held and occupied by him, her, or them, as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Surveyor and the said Lessee or Lessees, or any of them: And also for allowing unto such Lessee or Lessees, at the End and Expiration of their respective Leases, a like fair and reasonable Allowance and Proportion in Money for all Timber and Trees which shall be then left {landing and growing in and upon their respective Farms, according to the Value of such Timber and Trees respectively; which Agreements, being confirmed by the Order of the said Chancellor and Council, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That his Majesty's Rights of Chafe within and over the said Chase of Enfield, shall remain and continue vtfted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all ami every the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, now in Force for the Protection of Deer, and for punishing Persons guilty of any Offence in Breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect for the Protection of his Majesty's Deer within the said Chafe, and for the Punishment of Offenders therein, until the several and respective Times herein after mentioned; (that is to lay) as to such Parts of the said Chafe as are by this Act assignevl to the said Parish of South AH rams, and to the Matter, Fellows, and Scholats of Trinity College, and their Lessee, and to the Vicar of Enfield, and to the Owners of Enfield OH Park and Manor of Old Fold, and to the Incumbent of Alonken Hadley, until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and no longer; and as to all the Rest, Residue, and Remainder of the f.iid Chafe, until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and feveuty-nine; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the O whers and Occupiers of any Allotment or Allotments of the said Chafe, by this Act authorised or directed to be inclosed, to hunt and kill any Deer upon their own Lands, before the said first Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, when and lo loon as the re-

Enf,e*d Chafe,

altfrjin. jf

1779, to be 4:lchaicd.

fpcdiive Fences of such Aik

shall be made and completed; and that such Owners or Occupiers, or

any r.f them, shall not be fuiject to any Pain, Penalty, or Punishment for so doing.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day n{ January, one th nifimd seven hundred and seventy-nine, the whole of the Distridb called Enfield Chase fh.ili be, and-Uie same is heteoy difehafed to all Intents and Purposes whaftoever j and that from thenceforth no Person or Persons fln.il bs

q u w ft 1 oried

53

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.' C. 17.

questioned or liable to any Pain, Penalty, or Punishment, for hunting, coursing, killing, destroying, or talcing any Deer whatsoever, within the same; five and except within such Part or Parts thereof as shall be inclosed with Pales, and kept for a Park or Parks, as herein after is authorised and directed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and fa often as any of his Majesty's Lands within the Certain Parts said Chafe shall, by virtue of or under any License, Grant, or Commission, Licenses, Grants, or Com- of/hj^hafc midions, from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy of Lancaster, be in-

closed with Pales, and converted into a Park or Parks; that then, and from thenceforth, ail and all Manner of Deer, kept or to be kept in such Park or Parks, shall be protc&td by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, as if the same was or were an ancient Park or ancient Parks; and that ail and every Person and Persons, who shall unlawfully hunt, course, kill, (hoot, take, or destroy any Deer within the same, or attempt so to do, or set any Snares or Engines therein, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Punishments, as such Offender or Offenders would have been subject and liable to, in calc and as if such Park or Parks was or were or had been an ancient Park or ancient Parks respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all that Fishery called New Pond, within the said Enfield Al- F;fl«rlesre-lotment, and all that Fishery also called New Pond, within the said Hadlty Allotment, shall remain the Property of and be vested in the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the first Day of January, one n-ilu/Time.' thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that from thenceforth the said Fisheries shall be taken and

enjoyed by the said Parishes of Enfield and Alcnken Hadley respectively, as Part of and belonging to their said respective Allotments, within which the same are situate, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further mailed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer hr Timber reservrd Officers of his Majesty's said Duchy for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as his Majesty tJ the Cn wn for shall thereunto authorise, for the Space of two Years, to be computed from the last Day of this present limited Time. Session of Parliament, with Workmen or Labourers, Servants and Agents, Horses, Carts, and Carriages, to have and take free Ingress and Egress into and upon the said several Allotments hereby assigned to the Freeholders and Copyholders of the Parishes of Edmonton, South and Alonkin Hadley, and to the

Alafter, bellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, and their Lessee, and the Vicar of Enfield; and also upon so much and such Part of the said Enfield Allotment as lieth to the North of the Gutter running into New Pond, and to the North of East Lodge Farm (which Part containeth two hundred Acres), as well to pill, fell, cut down, grub up, burn to Charcoal, remove and dispose of all such Oak and Beech Trees, (Ending and growing within and upon the said several last mentioned Allotments and Lands respectively, as have been already marked and numbered, and not herein-before made thq Property of the said Parities of Ed* tnonton and South Mimms, but none others: And that from and after the End and Expiration of that Term, all the Timber, and other Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, which shall be then left (landing and growing, or dial 1 at-any Time thereafter (land and grow, within and upon the said several last mentioned Allotments and Lands shall become and remain the Property of the Persons intitled to such Lands, whereon the same shall be so (landing and growing respectively: And that all the Money to arise by Sale of the said Application of Trees, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be applied and disposed of by the Receiver-general of the Revenues of the said Duchy, under the Order and Direction of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the Timber,

Time being; in the first Place, in defraying the Experces already incurred in surveying the said Chafe, and in setting out the several Allotments thereof; and then, in defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and making the Fences, Roads, Bridge*, and Gates, by this Act tiirecled to be made at his Majesty's Expence: And in case there shall be any Overplus, the same shall be accounted for and answered by the said Receiver-general to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy; but in case the same shall be insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, such Deficiency shall be made good out of the other Revenues of his Majesty's said Duchy, in such Manner as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy shall direct.

XXXVII. And whereas the King’s Majesty is seized in Fee of and in divers small Tenements hereto- The Crown im- fore incroached upon the said Chafe, coniifting of Cottages and Inclosures held by sundry Persons, as c-oai^i^t^of 4 Tenants thereof to his Majesty, by Lease or otherwise, being within and Part of his Majesty's Allotments the chafe*&c.

of the said Chafe, and of and in divers Parcels of urnnclosed Land, lying detached from the main Part of his Maj* fly’s f.iid Allotment: And whereas the greater Part of the said Cottages were built and erected,

and the Indolurcs held therewith, made by the Permission of the Officers of the Crown intruded with the Cart of the said Chaft*, at the Expence of the preJmt Tenants thereof, or of those under whom they claim; forne of whom have laid out their whole Siibflar.ee therein, and others of them have expended conffficrabie Sums of Money in the Improvements thereof; and the Residue of the said Inclosures consist chivfiv of Gardens, and Outlet^ or Parts of Gardens, and Outlets belonging to the adjoining Freehold 4 M.-.nitons of (undry Persons, which have been inclosed and Did thereto, in order to make such Gardens and Outlets more convenient and uniform: And whereas the said Parcels of uninclosed Land being near ru imning to the Freehold Tenements of divers Persons, it will tend to the manifest Advantage of such Tenants and Freeholders, if they were permitted to purchase of the King’s Majesty, as well the several 4 ] nero.u hments by them respectiveffi held as r/orelYid, ;s also the f.iid other detarhed Parcels of uninclo.cd 4 h and: And whereas the Silo and icifposal of such ! :k rone h men. rs and Land* will not interfere with, or be any ways detrimental to the main Pa?t of his iVLjtfty’s Eli tes r.nd Possessions within the said Chafe be i: tm :i fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fln-.il and may be lawful to and for the Cnan-effi rand Conned of his Majesty's Duchy of L - nenfh r for the Time being, in Court of Revenue of the said Do.'hv. from Time to Time, to make fuel) Orders for the Sale and Disposal, as well of all Cotfage.«,

1:; Inclosures, and i nc roach me nts, within and upon and being Part of his M *j*-fty’s Allotment of

t;.:- 1 Chaie, with their Appurtenances, as of any other Parts and Paicels of his Majesty's laid Allotment or Allotments, unto such Persons, and at and for such Prices, as the said Chancellor and Council shall think

54-

PoTchafer* on Payment of Pur-ch.ife-money, to be vetted in Fcc-litnple, &c.

The Crown not to fell mote than *50 Acres,

betimes Incroachmen's. Application of the Purchase-money.

Edmonton Allotment annexed to that Parish,

Somh Mimms and Old Fold Allotments annexed to South Jtdirnms Paiifli.

Monken Hadley

Allotments annexe J to Mor.-ken Hadley Parish.

The rest of the Chafe to belong toLntteld Parish.

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii.III. A.D. 1777.

think fit, giving nevertheless unto every Tenant and Tenants of his Majesty the Preference and Option of purchasing the respective Incroachment or Incroachments held or occupied by such respective Tenant or Tenants, at such fair and reasonable Price or Prices, as shall be so put or set thereon by the said Chancellor and Council: And that upon Payment by the respective Purchasers of such Sums of Money, as shall be so agreed upon as the Prices for the Purchases of the Premises respectively, into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Revenues of the said Duchy for the Time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the Time being, by Deed or Writing under the Seal of the said Duchy, to grant, convey, and release, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, unto such several and respective Purchasers, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple, the several and respective Cottages, Buildings, and Inclosures, and Parcels of Land or Ground, by him, her, or them respectively purchased, free from all Rents and Payments whatsoever; which said Deeds or Writings, so sealed as aforesaid, shall be effectual and sufficient in Law to vest in every such Person, and his Heirs, the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the several Cottages, Buildings, Inclosures, and Lands, therein to be comprized and described, notwithstanding the aforesaid Act of the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or any other Act or Acts, or other Impediment or Disability whatsoever.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give unto the said Chancellor and Council any Power or Authority to make Sale or convey beyond the Quantity, in the whole, of two hundred and fifty Acres of his Majesty's said Allotment, over and besides the Incroachments thereon.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall arise by Sale of the said Cottages, Buildings, Inclosures, and Parcels of Land, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Revenues of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, whose Receipts and Acquittances shall be entered as of Record by the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy; and the same, or a Copy of such Receipts or Acquittances, shall be full and sufficient Discharges to the Persons so paying the same and such Monies shall be applied and disposed of by the said Receiver-general, under the Order and Direction of the said Chancellor and Council, in Aid of the Fund herein-before provided by or from the Sale of Timber, and as Part of such Fund, to and for the like Uses and Purposes to which the said Fund is herein-before directed to be applied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Portion or Allotment of the said Chafe hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the Parish of Edmonton, and all Incroachments which shall become vested in the Churchwardens of that Parish (save and except in respect of the Tythes of the said Allotment, or of Lands which may be set apart in lieu of such Tythes), and all Messuages, Buildings, and Inclosures whatsoever, within the Circuit or Limits of the said last mentioned Allotments, which are now Part of the said Parish of En-field, shall be for ever hereafter annexed to and become Part of the said Parish of Edmonton, and be rated and assessed to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, in and for the said Parish of Edmonton, and in and for no other Parift), Township, Precinct, or District; and that all such of the Owners and Occupiers of the said Messuages, Buildings, and Inclosures, annexed to the said Parish of Ed* monton, as are, in respect thereof, intitled to a Right of Common within the said Chafe (if any such there be), shall have and be intitled to the same Right of Common upon the said Edmonton Allotment, as they or any of them would have been intitled unto, within and upon the said Chafe, in case this Act had not been made.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all the aforesaid Portion or Allotment of the said Chafe, hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the Parish of South Mimms, and all Messuages, Buildings, Inclosures, and Incroachments whatsoever, within the Circuit or Limits of the said last mentioned Allotment, which are now within and Part of the Parish of Enfield; and also the Portion or Allotment.of the said Chafe herein-before assigned to the Owner of the Manor of Old Fcld^ and every of them, shall be for ever hereafter annexed to and become Part of the said Parish of South Mimms, and be rated and assessed to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, in and for the said Parish of South Mimms> and in and for no other Parish, Township, Precinct, or District.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Portions or Allotments of the said Chafe, containing together two hundred and forty Acres, hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the Incumbent of the peculiar Donative or Parish Church of Monken Hadley, and his Successors, and the Freeholders, Copy-holders, Lessees, and Tenants of the said Parish of Monken Hadley, together with all such Lands abutting upon the said Parish of Monken Hadley as are hereafter enfranchised to the several Owners or Possessors thereof, shall be for ever hereafter annexed to and become Part of the said Parish of Alonken Hadley, and be rated and assessed to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, within and for the said Parish of Aionken Hadley, and in and for no other Parish, Township, Precinct, or District.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Residue and Remainder of the said Chafe, and all other Houses, Lodges, Buildings, Inclosures, and Incroachments thereon, which shall not become vested in the Churchwardens of the said several Parishes of Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, or the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, or the Owner or Proprietor of the Manor of Old Fold, shall be for ever hereafter afftfled and rated to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, within and for the Lid Parish of Enfield (Assessments to the Highways of the said Parish, in respect of such Parts of the said Chafe as are herein after erected into a separate District, only and always excepted); and that all such un-inclosed Parts of the said Chafe as are by this Act assigned to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be subject and liable to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, to the said Parish of Enfield, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that from thenceforth, for and during the Term of thirty Years next following, all the said Lands within the said Chafe hereby nfligned to his Majesty, except the several Lodges and Lands thereto belonging, shall be deemed and considered as Lands let to Tenants at a Rack Rent of ten Shillings per Acre per /!nnuwy and

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 55

no more nor less; and shall, during the said Term, be rated and assessed (including all Houses and Build- ^rf?I0Du for ings thereon erected, or to be erected) to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes in the Parish of Er,field, in King^Allow the same Manner as if the said Lands were actually held by Tenants at the annual Rent of ten Shillings per mcnU Acre, and in like Manner as other Lands in the Parish of Enfield, occupied by Tenants at a Rack Rent of ten Shillings per Acre, are or ought to be assessed and rated; and that the said Lodges and Lands thereto belonging, shall be rated in the same Manner as other Houses and Lands now are rated and assessed in the said Parish of Erfield; and that the Residue of the King’s Allotment, after the Expiration of the said Term of thirty Years, shall be rated and assessed in the same Manned as other Houses and Lands shall be then rated and assessed in the said Parish of Enfield. Provided always, That all that Messuage, with the Lands inclosed and held therewith, called Mount Pleasant, situate within or near unto the Allotment of the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, and also afll Tythes which shall at any Time grow, arise, or accrue from or upon the Portions or Allotments assigned to or for the Benefit of the Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Parishes of Edmonton and Monken Hadley, their Heirs, Lessees, and Tenants, and to the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, and his Successors, and all Lands or Compositions which shall or may be hereafter set out, made, or allowed, in lieu of such Tythes, shall be assessed and rated to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, within and for the said Parish of Enfield, and within or for no other Parish, Township, Precinct, or DiQridl, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the several publick Roads, Highways, and Bridges, through Road* ttid and over the Allotments of his Majesty, and of the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and the Vicar of Bridges to be Enfield, within and upon the said Chafe, herein after described and mentioned, together with substantial cnctT

Gates and Gateways where such Roads open upon and communicate with the said several Parish Allot- h 7 1 *p n ments, shall be made at his Majesty's Expence; and the said Roads shall contain forty Feet in Breadth,

betwixt the Fences thereof, at the least; (that is to say) one Road in the Way from Southgate to Bohun- A Defcnpuom gate, commencing at the Boundary of the Edmonton Allotment, near the House of Master Arnold, and ex- crco tending Northwards, by Cock-fofiers, and West Lodge Farm, towards Potter’s Bar, until it meets the Eastern Boundary of the South Mimms Allotment; in which Road is or are to be made one or more Bridge or Bridges, as shall be found necessary, for the safe Passage of Carriages over the Brook or Gutter, Brooks or Gutters, betwixt Slot>er's Pond, Fenny Slade, and the Great Lawn: One other Road, branching from the said last mentioned Road near Bohun-gate, and extending Northwards for the convenient Occupation of certain Cottages there: One other Road to branch forth from the said last mentioned Road, near unto Cock-fojlers, for the convenient Occupation of and Access to the Houses there: One other Road, called Camlet-way, commencing at the Eastern Boundary of the Monken Hadley Allotment, near the Town of Monken Hadley, and extending from thence Eastward, by West Lodge Farm, and Camlot-moat, through the Tythe Allotment, towards New-lane, until it meets the Western Boundary of the Enfield Allotment, in which Road two Carriage Bridges are to be made; (that is to say) one Bridge to pass the Gutter or Brook running from Alonkey-mcad Pond to Tall Pond; and the other Bridge to pal's the Gutter or Brook crofting the said Road within the Tythe Allotment, near unto the Western Boundary of the Enfield Allotment:

One other Road, commencing at the North-west Corner or Boundary of the Enfield Allotment, to the Weft of Cattle pate, and extending from thence by Cooper's Lane gate, to the great Turnpike Road at the North End of Potter s Bar; One other Road, commencing at the North-west: Corner of the West Lodge Farm, and extending from thence Weft ward by Monkey-mead towards Gannick-corner, until it meets the Eastern Boundary of the South Mimms Allotment: One other Road, called The Ridge-way, commencing, at the Western Boundary of the Enfield Allotment, and extending Westward or North-west towards Pot-Ur's Bar and Gannick-corner, until it meets the Eastern Boundary of the South Mimms Allotment: And one other Road branching forth from the last mentioned Road, called The Ridge-way, near the Western Corner of the Eafi Lodge Farm, and extending Northwards or North-east by Part of East Lodge Inclosures, until, it meets the Boundary of the Enfield Allotment: All which said several Roads or Highways, Gutters and Brooks, are described and delineated on the aforesaid Survey or Plan of the said Chafe; and that all other Roads over the Allotments of his Majesty and the said Owners of Tythes, shall be (hut up and difeon* tinued-

XLV. And, for the Purpose of keeping the said several Roads, when so made, in good Repair,’ be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of AJarchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eighr, all and Angular his Majesty's Lodgrs and Houses upon the said Chafe, with all Tands and Inclosures held and occupied therewith; and also all the Lands within the said Chafe, which shall become the separa^e Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and also all the Lands assigned to the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, and their Successors and Lessees, and to the Vicar of Enfic.d and his Successors, shall be erected into a several District, and remain for ever a separate and distin^t Dist:i£t, in respect to the Highways within the same, from the said Parish of Enfield, and from all other Districts, Parishes, Townships and Precincts whatsoever, and shall be called Enfield Chase District; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, within one Calendar Month next after the aforesaid twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to appoint, by Writing under his Hand, such two Persons, being Tenants or Occupiers of Lands within the said new Distri<£I, as the said Chancellor shall think fit, to be the Surveyors of the Highways within and for the said District, and such Surveyors shall continue in Oiflce, until the then next Special Sessions of the Justices of the Peace to be held for the Highways within the Limits of the Hund red of Edmonton, in the Week, next after the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; at which Special Sessions new Surveyors of Highways shall be appointed for the said District, and so continue from Year to Year to be appointed in the Manner directed and prescribed by an Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliamentt the Sta*

tuU*

TV and

Tythe AUot-mer t» erected i rrto Dirtritl for Krpur of Roads.

T*r> Suivtyot* to be appointed*

56 G. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

tides now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes: And tn.it the Persons to be horn Tune to lime appointed at such special Sulions to be Surveyors of the Highways for the said DiiliiH, on Refusal to serve the said Office, shall be liable to all the Pains, Penalties, and Duties, by the said Act, or any other Act or Acts respecting Highways, in such Cases impeded or inflicted; or accepting the said Office, shall remain and continue therein, and in all Respects conform themselves to the said Act or AHs, and be deemed and confide ted in Law, in respect of the said Office of Surveyor of Highways for the said District, as invented with the same Powers and Authorities, and intitled to the same Iirmunm>?, and to be in the same Plight and Condition, as in other Districts, Parishes, or Places; and the said Difiu icV shall, from and after the Appointment of such Surveyors by the Chancellor of the said Duchy, be a defied to the Highways within the lame; and such Assessment shall be made, paid, recovered, applied, disposed of, and accounted for, in the same Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purpjf.s, as if the said District had been erected before the passing the said J ni-mciuioned Act: And that no Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within thefiid Diitiici, or any Part thereof, nor any Tenant nr Inhabitant within the same, shall be a fir (Table or chargeable, in respect of the said District, or of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein, to any Rates or Alllll-rnents to the Highways of the said Parish of Enfield, or compellable to do any Statute-duty or Labour in the Residue or other Parts of the said Parish of Enfield, in re:pact of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lying within the Lid DftlriH.

Surveyors, &c.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it stall ?nd may be lawful to and for the several and *trials respective Persons employed or authorised for the making the several public Roads through and over the said from Commons rievv by this Act directed to be made at his Majesty's Expence; and also for any Surveyor or Surveyors of Highways to be appointed within and for the said new District, with their several an i respective Servants and Labourers, Hmfcs, Carts, and Carriages, from Time to Time for the Space of three Years, to be computed from the first Day of Ad ay, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-kven, to search for, dig, £et> take, and carry away, such Sfones, Gravel, Balia:!, and other Materials, as they shall think lit, within and from such Parts of the several Allotments hereby aligned ro the said Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, and Monken Hadley, as shall remain and be kept in Common a'- aforesaid, for the forming, making, and completing, the said several new Roads, by this Act directed to be made at his Majesty's Expence as aforesaid; and that such Surveyors and other Persons having the Care of the said Roads, stall, from Time to Time, cause all Holes or Pits, to be made or used in the petting the said Gravel, Ballalt, oro her Materials, to be doped down, levelled, filled up, or otherwise effectually fee tired, in the Manner directed and preferred in and by the aforesaid Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and in Default thereof, every such Surveyor, and other Person or Persons employed in getting such Materials, stall be fubiedft and liable to the several Pains and Penalties in and by the said Act, in such cases, directed to be imposed and inflated, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said several Allotments hereby made to the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said several Pariftes o* Enfield, Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, stall he inclosed, that then, a d on every such Event, proper and Efficient public Highways, of the Breadth of forty Feet at the lea ft, shall be set out, through and over the Lands which stall be so inclosed, to communicate with the Mouths or Ends of the several Roads herein-before described aryl directed, or ns nearly corresponding then web a* conveniently may be; and also fit and convenient private Roads, Ways, Paths, and Passages, for the U(e and Occupation of Houses and Lands within the said new District stall he made: And that all the public Roads and Highways within and over such or such Parts of the said Allotments to the said Pariftcs stall he so inclosed, shall, from and immediately after such Inclosure, be made and repaired by that Parift to which the Lands so inclosed stall, under this Act, be a fit-fled or a ft!{Table to parochial Taxes. Provided always, That in case the said Lines, so delineated on the said Survey or Plan for Roads over any of such Allotments to the said Parishes, shall, on any Inclosure thereof, he found inconvenient, that then, and in every such Case, the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex stall have the like Power and Authority to flop up, change, and turn such Roads, or to alter and vary the Lines described for Road-; as aforesaid, as the said Justices would have had in case the Roads h id b.en actually made in the Direction of such Lines, before the passing of the said Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, herein-before mentioned.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That a public Highway or Road, not lers than foity Feet in Breadth, shall, as Torn as rnay be after the passing this Act, be made, at the Expence of the find Pa:ift of tu Enfield Town, Erfidd, from the Bridge over the AVro River, at or near a Place there called The Blue Hetfics, within the Town of Enfield, over and aero Is the said Enfield Allotment, to the Western Boundary of the same Allotment, so as to join and communicate with the aforesaid Road called Ridgeway, herein-before directed to be made at his Majesty's Expence; and that the Expence of making the said Highway of Road r.ver the said Enfield Allotment, stall be paid by the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parift of E- field, or their Successors, out of the first Monies which shall be received by them, by virtue of or in consequence of this Act: And that such Road or Way shall afterwards be deemed a public Road or Highway, and be repaired and kept in Repair at the Costs and Charges of the said Parish of Enfield, any Thing herein-befcre contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Qmrtrr Sevens

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any private Roads or W*t,ys shall be made by, or for may convert the Ufie of the Tenants and Occupiers of any Lands within the said new District, and any of such Roads «'Tt.iin private or Way? (half afterwards be found of public or general Convenience, it stall and may be lawful to and for 1, PJ " th" Court of Quarter Session for the County of Middlesex, with the Conftnt of the Owners of such respective Roads or Ways, to declare the same, or any of them, by their Order, to be a public Road or Way, or public Roads or Ways, and from thenceforth the same shall be deemed a public Road or Way, or public

filling up Pits, &c.

Roads over the other Parts of the t liafr, by whom to be made.

Ridgeway Road to be continued

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 57

lie Roads or Ways, for the free Passage of all his Majesty's Liege Subjects; and shall be from thenceforth repaired at the general Expence of the said District, in the same Manner as other public Roads within the Lid District are directed to be repaired.

L. And be it further enacted, That as well the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, and their Successors, and the Vicar of Enfield, and his Successors, and the Owners and Proprietors of the said Park and Manor, their Heirs and Assigns, their and every of their Tenants, Grantees, and Lessees; and also all Persons whatsoever who now are, or shall at any Time hereafter become possessed of or intitled unto any of the Lodges within the said Chafe, or any Lands held and occupied with the said Lodges, or any Incroachments on his Majesty's Allotments of the said Chafe, by what Tenures soever the same are or may hereafter be held, shall be excluded and totally debarred in respect of such their several Lodges, Lands, and Incroachments, within the said Chafe, of and from ail Claim, Challenge, Title, and Demand whatsoever, of or to any Right of Common upon or within any of the said Parish Allotments, or upon or within the Marshes, Common Fields, or other commonable Grounds, within the Manors or Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, or any of them.

LI. And whereas sundry small Parcels of Land, within and Parcel of the Portions or Allotments of the said Chafe, hereby assigned to the several Parishes of Enfield and Edmonton, have been heretofore inclosed

and incroached, and divers Cottages and other Buildings creeled thereon: And whereas the Owners, or pretended Owners, of some Part of such Incroachments, have been admitted thereto by Copy of Court- roll,* with the Consent of the Homage of the Manor of Enfield; and others of such Incroachments are held by Leases thereof granted by his Majesty under the Duchy Seal, to or for the Benefit of the present Possessors thereof, for certain Terms of Years yet to come, at and under divers reserved Rents; and others of the said Incroachments are held by the present Possessors as Tenants at Will, or by the Year, at annual Rents payable to his Majesty for the lame, or by Persons whose Titles thereto are not cer- tainly known: And whereas many of the Lessees and Tenants, or other Possessors of the said Incroachments, are poor labouring Persons, some of whom, under an Expectation that they should not be re- moved therefrom, purchased the Possession thereof for Sums of Money, or have laid out their Substance in erecting Cottages thereon for their Dwellings; therefore, to the End the Title of the several Possessors of such Incroachments, as are held by Copy of Court-roll, may be confirmed; and that all other the Possessors of Incroachments, who have no Leases, may* be enabled to obtain Leases thereof, upon the Terms and Conditions hereafter specified ;’ be it further enacted and declared, That the several Grants of Incroachments on the said Chafe, at any Time heretofore made by the Steward of the Manor of £/*-field, by Copy of Court-roll of the fai l Manor, and now subsisting, and by virtue whereof any Incroach-cnents on the Allotments hereby assigned to the said Parishes of Enfield and Edmonton, or either of them, are now actually held and enjoyed, shall be good, valid, and effectual; and that the several Cottages, Lands, and Tenements therein respectively comprized and mentioned, shall be, remain, and continue as of the Nature of Copyholds, and be from Time to Time held, surrendered, fold, conveyed, passed, and devised as such, according to the Custom of the Manor of Enfield, and be subject to all the Customs thereof, in the same Manner and Form as if such Incroachments had been, from Time immemorial, held and passed by Copy of Court-roll of the said Manor, any Thing contained in the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that as well all Fines payable to the Lord on Alienations and Admissions of or to such Copyholds, to be assessed by the Steward of the Manor of Enfield for the Time being, as all Rents thereout iiiuing and payable, shall be paid to and be received by the Churchwardens of the said respective Parishes, whose Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges for the same, and shall be applied as herein after directed; and that in case and so often as any Forfeitures to the Lord shall happen of any of Tenement within the said Allotment to the said Parish of Enfield, every such forfeited of Tenement, instead of enuring to the Benefit of the Lord, shall become vetted, iir Fee-simple, in the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Enfield, and their Successors, in Trust, for the Benefit of the said Parish, and as Part of their said Allotment.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases, granted by the King’s Majesty, or any of his Royal Predecessors, under Seal of the said Duchy, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, of any Incroachments on the said Chafe, lying within or being Parcel of the several Allotments hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the several Parishes of Enfield and Edmontonu or either of them, for any Term or Number of Years now subsisting, shall remain and continue in full rorce, and the King’s Majesty's Right and Interest therein shall be vested in the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes of Enfield and Edmonton, within which such Incroachments are situate, for the Benefit of the said Parishes respectively. Provided always, That all the Rents, reserved in and by such Leases, which shall accrue and become due from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall be paid and answered by the several Persons claiming the Benefit of such Leases, unto the Churchwardens of the respective Parish to which such Incroachments shall by virtue of this Act belong, to be applied as herein after mentioned.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and singular Persons, who now hold or occupy any Incroachments within the said several Allotments hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the said Parishes of Enfield and Edmonton, or either of them, and who shall be desirous of acquiring to themselves a Leasehold Property therein, shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eighr, deliver to the Churchwardens of the Parish where to such Incroachments shall respectively belong, a Proposal or Petition, under the Hand of the Party making the same, for taking a Lease of his or her respective Incroachment for a Term of twenty-one Years; and shall thereby agree to enter into Covenant to pay, by quarterly Payments, to the Churchwardens of such Parish for the Time being, and their Successors, during such Lease, the Rent now payable by him or her to the King’s Majesty for such respective In-Yol. XIII. Part L 1 croachment,

Owners of Lind* now Part of the Chafe excluded from Rights of Common in Marshes, Sec4

Pmifiont for PoflTcfTor* of Incroachmenta on the Parish Allotments*

Confirmation of Grants by Copy of Court-foll.

Confirm it«on of Crown Lease*.

On what Terms Possr (Tors of Other incroach-m^nti m»v obtain Leases,

S8

On whatTermi of Incroachments may be cnfrail-chi fed j

or the Fee-simple of other Incroachmenti may be purchased.

R^c *iptf to be jiiv n for Purchase Monies.

The Form

theiecf.

refer vcd till Fencej

UluJtf,

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

croachment 5 or where no such Rent is now payable, to pay by quarterly Payments such reasonable Rent as shall be set thereon by such Churchwardens, together with the major Part of the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled, and shall also agree to enter into Covenant for keeping the Buildings and Fences of the Premises in good Renair, and so to leave the same at the End and Expiration of the said Term; that then, and in every such Case, the said Churchwardens shall, and are hereby authorised and directed to make and execute, unto and at the Coils of every such Person, a Lease of the respective incroachment so by him or her held or occupied, fora Term of twenty-one Years, commencing on the Day of the Date thereof, with proper Covenants on the Part of the Lessees to the Purport and Effect aforesaid $ and that every such Lease shall be valid and effectual.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case all or any of the Persons, who now hold any Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, on the said Enfield and Edmonton Allotments, or either of them, by Copy of Court-roll of the Manor of Enfield (being a Partthioner or Parishioners of the said Parishes of Enfield or Edmonton, or being the Owner or Owners of any Freehold Estate within either of the said Parishes), shall be desirous of procuring such Houses, Lands, or Incroachments respectively to be enfranchised (such Persons first paying and discharging the Rents and Arrears of Rents now payable by them to the King’s Majesty, in respect of such Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, up to Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven) it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and persons, on or before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to pay into the Hands of the Churchwardens of the respective Parish, within which his, her, or their Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, are respectively situate, after the Rate of fifty Years Purchase, or Amount of the gross annual Rent or Rents now payable to the Crown for the same; which Sum or Sums shall be accepted as the Price or Prices of the ab-iolute Enfranchisement of such Houses, Lands, and Incroachments, for or in respect of which such Sum or Sums shall have been so paid; and such Houses, Lands, and Incroachments, shall from thenceforth be deemed of Freehold Tenure, and shall be discharged of all Fines, Rents, and other Payments to the Crown (Suit and Service to the Manor Courts of Enfield only excepted).

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Persons who now hold and occupy any Incroachments on the said Enfield and Edmonton Allotments, or either of them, under any Lease or Leases thereof granted, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, or as Tenant or Tenants at Will, or by the Year, to the King’s Majesty at annual or other Rent or Rents (such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, being a Parishioner or Parishioners of the said Parishes of Enfield and Edmonton, or either of them, or being the Owner or Owners of any Freehold or of Estate or Estates within either of the said Parishes), shall be respectively desirous of converting their said respective Incroachments into Fee-simple Estates (and first paying and discharging all Rents and Arrears of Rents, due to the King’s Majesty, in respect of such Incroachments, up to Lady-day> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven), it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lessees and Tenants respectively, or any of them, on or before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to pay into the Hands of the Churchwardens of the respective Parish within which his, her, or their Incroachments are respectively situate, after the Rate of thirty Years Purchase, or Amount of the gross annual Rent or Rents now payable to the Crown for the same; which Sums shall be respectively accepted as the Price or Prices of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said respective Incroachments for which the same shall be so paid; and such Incroachments shall, from and immediately after the Payment of such Purchase money, be vested in Fee-simple in the said several and respective Purchasers thereof, free from all Rents now payable for the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment of every such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, whether it be for the Enfranchisement of Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, held by Copy of Court-roll as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of Incroachments held by Lease or at Will, or by the Year, as aforesaid, the said Churchwardens are hereby authorised and required to give unto every uich Person making such Payment as aforesaid a Receipt or Acquittance under their Hands in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say)

REceived the Day of of v/. B. the Sum of

being Years Purchase or Amount of the Rent of

per Annum, payable to the Parish of for a certain incroachment (or certain Incroach-

ments) on Enfield Chase, held by him [or her) as Tenant thereof, by Copy of Court-roll [or by Lease, or at Will) in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for dividing the Chase of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and which incroachment (or Incroachments) is (or are) marked on a certain Survey or Plan of the said Chafe, in the said Act mentioned, with the Number or Figure (or Numbers or Figures)

and consisteth (arconfift) of Acres, Roods, and

Perches of Land (as the Case may be).

Witness our Hands.

Which Receiptor Acquittance, signed as aforesaid, with or without Stamps, and being registered in the Register’s Office for the County of Middlesex, in the ordinary Course of registering Deeds in the said Office, (h:ii) be a sufficient Discharge to every such Purchaser j and the said Register is hereby required to register such Receipts and Acquittances accordingly.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That until the Fences of the several Allotments hereby assigned in lieu of Rights of Common, and other Rights upon the said Chafe, directed to be made at his Majesty's Expence, shall have been made and completed, all Rights of Common upon the said Chafe shall remain unaffected, and be enjoyed by the Persons in titled thereto, in as full and ample Manner as if this Act had nut been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 59

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect, lessen, diminish, prejudice, or take away, the Right of the Vicar of Enfield> or his Successors, to any Surplice-fees, Easter-offerings, Oblations, or Obventions, to him or them due or to arise within such Parts of the said Chafe as shall by virtue of this Act remain within the Parish of Enfield; but such Surplice-fees, Easter-offerings, Oblations, and Obventions, and all other Vicarial Dues and Duties (Tythes of such Parts of the said Chafe as are by this Act discharged therefrom, only excepted) shall be paid unto and received by the said Vicar of Enfield, and his Successors, in the like Manner and Form as within the other Parts of the said Parish of Enfield.

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Cure of Souls within the several Allotments of the said Chafe, by this Act annexed to the said Parishes of Edmonton, South ATimms, and Monken Hadley, shall become and remain Part of the Cure of Souls of the said respective Parishes: And, in Confederation thereof, the Vicar of the Parish of Edmonton, and his Successors, within the said Allotment annexed to that Parish; the Vicar of the Parish of South Mlmms, and his Successors, within the said several Allotments annexed to that Parish; and the Incumbent of the Parish of Monkcn Hadley, and his Successors, within the said Allotments annexed to that Pariflr; shall severally and respectively have and be intitled to all Surplice-fees, Easter-offerings, Oblations, and Obventions, and other Vicarial Dues and Duties, to arise and accrue within the said several and respective Allotments so annexed to their said respective Parishes (Tythe* only excepted), as the Vicar of Enfield and his Successors would have been intitled unto, in case the said Allotments had remained Part of the said Parish of Enfield.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any ten or more Persons residing within the several Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, and Monkcn Hadley respectively, and assessed to the Poor’s Rates thereof respectively, at the Rate of ten Pounds per Annum Rent each or upwards, together with the Churchwardens or with the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish respectively for the Time being, from Time to Time to form such Rules or Oiders as shall be thoughtneceflary or expedient for enfranchising to the respective Owners or Possessors such of the said Incroachments within their respective Allotments, as are held by Copy of Court-roll, and for the absolute Sale, leafing, letting, or other Difoofition of the Residue of the said Incroachments belonging to the said respective Parishes; so as no such Ru fe or Order shall be prejudicial to any Tenant or Tenants of any Incroachment or Incroachments, who shall be intitled to and accept the Benefit of the aforesaid Provisions of this Act, in respect thereof; and also for the Inclosure of such Parts and Proportions of the said Allotments hereby assigned to such respective Parishes, not exceeding one-seventh Part thereof respectively, for the Increase and Preservation of Timber and young Trees; and for the making, repairing, and fencing of any Road or Roads on the Borders of, or in, through, or over their respective Allotments aforesaid, so as such Roads be made to contain forty Feet in Breadth at the least ; and for agreeing or compounding with the Owners of the Tythes of the said Allotments for the Discharge of such Tythes; and for the UTe, Management, Regulation, or Stint of the Commonage of such Parts thereof as shall be kept commonable; and for the Protection or Preservation of the Herbage, Turf, Ground and Soil thereof; and for preserving, raising, cutting down, grubbing up, felling or disposing of the Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Bushes, Fern and Covert which shall become the Property of such respective Parish, growing or to grow upon such respective Allotments; and for setting out and assigning fit and proper Places on the said respective Allotments, for getting Gravel and Ballafb for the public Roads of the said respective Parishes; or for Sale of any such Materials for private Uses to any of the Inhabitants thereof; and for the Appointment or Employment of fit and proper Persons to execute such Rules and Orders, and from Time to Time to overlook the Common, and the Trees, Woods, and Fences within the same; and for impounding Cattle having no Right of Common thereon; and for the Disposal and Application as well of the Money which shall arise by the Enfranchisement and Sale of such Incroachments, and the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, or any Part thereof, as of the Money to arise by Sale of any such Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Bullies, Fern, and Covert, Gravel, and Ballad, or otherwise, by virtue and in consequence of this Act; and for directing fit and moderate Penalties to* be inflicted on such Persons as shall be guilty of any wilful Breach of any such Rules or Orders, so as m> such Penalty shall exceed five Pounds for any one Offence; and from Time to Time for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, to call a Meeting or Meetings in Vestry within such respective Parish, by givii g Notice thereof in the Parish Church and public Chapel (if any) on the three Sundays preceding every such Meeting, immediately after reading the Nicene Creed, in order that such proposed Rules and Orders mav, at such Meeting, be taken into Consideration determined by the Persons there assembled; and that every Rule and Order (not being repugnant to Law, nor to any express Provisions contained in this Act) which shall be then and there approved by the major Part of the Persons assembled at such Meeting, intitled to Right of Common’ upon the Allotment of such Parish, and being confirmed as herein after mentioned, shall be a good and sufficient Warrant to all Persons acting under the same. Provided nevertheless, That no such Rule or Order shall be valid or effectual before the same shall be confirmed and signed by the major Part of all the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Lands within such Parish, intitled to a Right of Common on the Allotment made from the Chafe to such Parish, who were affeflld to the Land Tax for the preceding Year, at the Rate of ten Pounds per Annum Rent each, or more, or their Trustees, Committees, Guardians, Attornies, or Agents; which iru jor Part shall be determined by the Assessment to the Land Tax for such preceding Year. And, until any such Rules or Orders shall be made to the contrary, and confirmed as here-in-before is directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons whatsoever, within the said respective Parishes of Enfic!dy Edmonton, and Monken Hadley (other than and except such Persons as are herein-before excluded and debarred from any Common on the Parish Allotments), to have, use, enjoy, and take, in and upon the Portion or Allotment hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the respective Parish within which the Property of such Person or Persons, in respect whereof he, she, or they is or are or shall or may be intitled to such Right of Common, is situate, at all Times whilst the said Portion or Allotment, or any

Enfield vicarial Due* reserved*

Due? tn the other Vicarn.

Powers for tb* Parishes to rrukc Faults and Orders concerning their reipttUvx Allotment* i

Such Rule* O.ders to be signei by the major Part of Land-ownt r*, &c. affefirrt to the Ln»d Tax at 101, a Ycaiv

6o

Monies accruing from Parish Allotment*, to be paid to Churchwardens, &c. till Order made to the contrary.

Two hundred Acres of Enfeld Allotment to be inclosed, and Tythe free.

Parish Officers, with Consent of the Vestry, may kafe the same.

Qualification of Pc on* to rote

in Ye dry.

No Lease to be granted for more than three Lives or ninety-mine Years,

Proper Hoads to be left.

Churchwardens of E oft Id itn-powered to de-mile twenty

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Part thereof, shall remain in common to such Parish, such and the same Right of Common, and to and for the same, or the like Number of Horses, Cows, and other Cattle, as such Person or Persons now is or are or would have been intitled to keep and departure, or to have kept and depastured on the said Chafe at large, in case this Act had not been made. And further. That until any such Rule or Order shall be made to the contrary, and confirmed as before directed, all Monies which shall arise and accrue from the said Parish Allotments, by virtue of this Act, shall be from Time to Time received by the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes for the Time being, and shall, together with all Penalties by them to be received under the Authority of this Act, be by them paid over to the Overseers of the Poor of the same Parishes respectively, to be applied in Aid of the Poor’s Rate of such respective Parish, fave and except the Monies which shall arise and accrue from the aforesaid two hundred Acres (Part of the said Enfield Allotment), intended to be inclosed as herein after mentioned; and also except such Monies as shall be expended in making and completing a certain Road herein after directed to be made by or at the Expence of the said Parish of Enfield; and that all Trespasses, Nuisances, Surcharges, Wartes, and other Offences, which shall at any Time be committed upon any of the said Allotments, after the Fences thereof by this Act directed shall be made and completed, and for which the Offenders, in case the said Chafe had remained in its present State, would have been subject to any Indictment, Fine, Amerciament, or other Pain, Penalty, Prosecution, or Punishment, in the Court of the Manor of Enfield, or any other Court, or before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall and may be presentable and punishable in the same Manner as if the said Chafe had remained undivided.

LXI. And whereas upon the Treaty for the Division of the said Chafe between the King’s Majesty and the several other Parties interested therein, the aforesaid two hundred Acres, Part of the said Enfield Allotment, were agreed to be allotted to the said Parish of Enfield (freed from all Tythes), as a Satisfaction for the aforesaid Dismemberment of their said Parish, by the annexing to the said other three Parishes their aforesaid respective Allotments; and that the said two hundred Acres should be inclosed and let out to Tenants, and the Rents and Profits thereof appropriated in Aid of the Land Tax and Poors Rates assessed and raised, and to be assessed and raised, within the said Parish of Enfield be it therefore enacted, That the said two hundred Acres shall be inclosed in that Part of the said Chafe, which, after a straight or direct Line to be drawn from Sanders-corner to Pqfiern-corner, shall lie to the East of such Line; and the said two hundred Acres shall, after the Inclosure thereof, be for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all Tythes whatsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Paiifti of Enfield for the Time being, or their Successors, to employ or take to their Aid such experienced Surveyor as they shall think fit, and to flake out the aforesaid two hundred Acres of Land into Lots or Parcels, in order to the letting the same by Lease in such Manner as they shall conceive will be most advantageous and beneficial to the said Parish j and to cause a Map or Plan to be made, whereon shall be described or delineated the several and respective Lots or Parcels, and the Quantity by Measure of each and every such Lot or Parcel; and thereupon to call a Vestry of the said Parish or Enfield, by giving Notice thereof on three Sundays as aforesaid, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration how far such Lots or Parcels are properly laid out; and that it shall and may be lawful, from Time to Time, to and for the major Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, then and there assembled in Vestry, to make such Order as to them shall seem meet, for impowering and directing the said Churchwardens to let, set, lease, or demise, the said two hundred Acres, either by private Contract or by public Auction, and in such Lots or Parcels as shall be then and there settled and approved, unto such Persons, and at such annual Rents, and for such Terms or Number of Years, or for Life or Lives, or by the Year, or at Will, and under such Covenants, Conditions, Provisoes, and Restrictions, as shall in and by such Order be directed, expressed, or contained.

LXIII. Provided always, That no Inhabitant of the said Parish assembled in such Vestry, shall have a Voice or be at Liberty to vote for making any such Order for letting the said two hundred Acres, as aforesaid, who shall not be assessed to the Poor’s Rate of the said Parish for ten Pounds annual Rent, or upwards: and that no such Order shall be of any Force or Effefl, unlefr. there are present at every such Vestry ten or more Freeholders or Copyholders, who are rated and assessed to the Land Tax and Poor’s Rates within the Lid Parish for ten Pounds a Year Rent, or upwards, nor until all and every such Order and Orders be confirmed by a subsequent Vestry of Inhabitants, and such Number of Freeholders or Copyholders respectively, rated as aforesaid, and called by giving such Notice as aforesaid; and that no such Lease or Demise shall be made or granted for any greater or longer Term or Terms than three Lives or ninety-nine Years, and that, on the Renewal of every such Lease or Demise, the Term to be granted in Reversion, together with the Term then in Possession, shall not exceed three Lives or ninety-nine Years; and that no such Lease or Demise shall be valid or effectual, unless the best improved yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same be thereby reserved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof, without taking any Fine, Income, Premium, or Foregift, for or in respect of the making or granting such Lease or Demise; and that every Lcflce of the said two hundred Acres shall, at the Time of the granting any such Lease, execute a Counterpart thereof, which Counterpart shall be deposited and kept in the public Chert of the said Parish of Enfield.

LXIV. Provided also, That in setting out the said two hundred Acres into Lot% for the Inclosure thereof as aforesaid, there shall be left open for the convenient Approach to the several Houses and inclosed Lands, adjoining to or abutting upon the said two hundred Acres, fit and proper Roads, Ways, and Pillages, so that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Houses and Lands may not be damnified or prejudiced by such Inclosure; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV. And whereas the Right Honourable Sir Thomas Halifax, Knight (now Lord Mayor of London), is seized of a capital Meflusgc contiguous to the said two hundred Acres, Parcel of the said Chafe hereby

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 61

by directed to be inclosed, and is also intitled to the Use of a certain Conduit or Spring of Water arising upon the said Chafe, in the Front or View from the said capital Messuage: And whereas it is fit and reasonable that a suitable Portion of the said two hundred Acres should be set apart to be enjoyed with the said capital Messuage on reasonable and equitable Terms, and the said Conduit and Watercourse maintained and preserved for the Benefit of the Owner and Occupier of the said capital Messuage for the Time being, and for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Enfield, as the same is now taken and used / be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir Thomas Halt-Jaxj his Heirs or Assigns, to take up and inclose such Portion of Ground, Parcel of the said two hundred Acres, as fronts the said capital Messuage, including the said Conduit or Spring of Water, which shall contain twenty Acres or thereabouts, as the same is for that Purpose marked out, delineated, and described, in and upon the said Map or Survey of the said Chafe; which said twenty Acres shall be demised by Lease to the said Sir Thomas Halifax, and his Assigns by the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Enfield, or their Successors, for a Term of ninety-nine Years, at and under such annual Rent to be thereby reserved and made payable to the said Churchwardens, and their Successors, for the Benefit of the said- Parish, as shall be agreed upon by a Majority of the Parishioners of the said Parish, in Vestry to be assembled, so as such Rent shall not exceed the Rate of thirty-five Shillings per Acre, clear of Land Tax, and all Reprisals, and that the said Rent shall be made payable quarterly; and that there shall be contained in such Lease, such Covenants, Provisoes, and Agreements, as are usual in like cases; and also a special Covenant on the Part of the said Sir Thomas Halifax, and his Assigns, to continue, at his and their Costs and Charges, a Pipe and Cock from the Main of the said Conduit, for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Enfield, in the Manner the same is now or hath been used and enjoyed.

LXVI. And whereas Humphry Bache% of the Parish of Enfield, Esquire, is seized of certain inclosed Lands containing three Acres, or thereabouts, adjoining upon the aforesaid two hundred Acres of Land intended to be inclosed; upon which Lands the said Humphry Bache hath erected a capital Dwelling- house, in which he now resides: And to the End that the said Humphry Bache may not be injured in his Property, or incommoded with any Erections, Building?, Annoyances, or Nuisances, that may affect or detriment the same be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Humphry Bache to inclose and take into his Possession the Land adjoining to or surrounding his said Dwelling-house; (that is to fav,) The Land lying South of the Road intended to be made from Parson s-lcme-end Westward on Enfield Chase, to another Road which is intended to be made on the South Side of the aforesaid House, about one hundred Yards Difiance from the same; and also the Land lying East and abutting on Part of the Land set out for the Owners or Proprietors of the Tythes, and on the Weft of the Premises belonging to the said Humphry Bache, the Land laying about one hundred and forty Yards (be the same more or less) from the same between the two intended new Roads aforesaid 5 all which are described or delineated on the aforesaid Plan or Survey of the said Chafe; all which Lands, to be inclosed by the said Humphry Bache, contain together twenty Acres, or thereabouts; which said Lands shall be demised by Lease to the said Humphry Bache, and his Assigns, by the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Enfield, or their Successors, for a Term of ninety-nine Years, at and under such an annual Rent to be thereby eferved and made payable to the said Churchwardens, and their Successors, for the Benefit of the said Parish, as shall be agreed upon by a Majority of the Parishioners of the said Parish, in Vestry to be assembled; so as such Rent shall not exceed the Rate of thirty-five Shillings per Acre, clear of all Taxes and Reprisals, payable quarterly, and that there shall be contained in such Lease, such Covenants, Provisoes, and Agreements, as are usual in like cases.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rents and Profits which shall arise and accrue from the said two hundred Acres, shall be received by the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Enfield for the Time being, and their Successors, and shall (after Payment of the Costs and Charges they shall be a&ually and necessarily put unto, in and about the fufveying, flaking out, and letting the tame), from Time to Time, at Michaelmas and Lady-day in every Year, be paid over by them in equal Portions or Moieties, in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety or Half-part of each and every Half-year’s Rents and Profits shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, to be by them applied in and towards the Poor’s Rates of the said Parish: and the other Moiety or Half-part of each and every Half-vear’s Rents and Profits shall be paid over to the Collector of the Land Tax of the said Parish fox the Time being, to be by him applied towards the Assessment for the Land Tax within the said Parish.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotment hereby assigned to the said Parish of Edmonton, so intended to lie Common for the Benefit of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Parish, their Tenants and Lessees, shall, from and after the making and completing the Fences thereof, be (hut v»p from the second Day of February in every Year to the twelfth Day of May in every Year and that, during the said Time, no commonable or other Cattle what foe ver shall be turned out, kept, or depaftuxed thereon by any Person whatsoever; and in case any Horses, Cows, or other Cattle, shall, during the Time aforesaid, be found depasturing or straying thereon, the farre shall be deemed Trespassers, and be impounded, and the Owners thereof shall be subject to such Penalties as shall, in and by any such Rule or Or der, to be made for the Regulation and Management of the said Common, under the Authority of this Act, be directed to be inflicted.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Penalties, to be by any such Rules or Orders directed to be inflitSied, shall not exceed the Rate of two Shillings per Head per Day for any Horses, C »ws, or other Cattle, which shall be unlawfully kept or turned on any of the said Allotments hereby allrgned to the said Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, and Monken Hadley, whilst the same shall be respectively kept in Common, over and besides the Costs of Conviction; and the same shall be recoverable before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, not interested in the Premises, in the Manner herein after directed; and shall be paid into the Hands of the Churchwardens of the respective

Acre* to Sir Thomas Halifax, for 99 Years j

and 10 Acre* so Humphry Bache Esq; for the same Tern*

Application of the Rents of liae 200 Acres,

Edmonton Common to be flu* up 14 Weeks evtry Year.

Limitation of

Penalties for Cattle ftrfp »lTinf on the Commons,

6 a

Freeholders, &c. to have the same JRights to recover as the Crown would have had.

No new Gates

to be set up, or Way* made, without Leave of the V ftry, izceplions.

Penalty on. Offenders.

Urcit-Is in respect of South Miijimr Taiilh.

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Parishes for the Time being; and shall, together with any other Penalties which shall, under the Directions of this Act, be paid to the said Churchwardens, to be by them applied and disposed of to and for such Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner, as shall, in and by such Rules and Orders, be

directed.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Freeholders, Copyholders, Lessees, and Tenants of the said several Parishe$of Enfield, Edmonton, and Monken Hadley, and every of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by Order of Vestry, and in the Name or Names of the Churchwardens of each Parish, to bring, commence, maintain, or defend any Suits or Actions for recovering the Possession of Incroachments, Rents, Monies, or other Matter or Thing, belonging or supposed to belong, or to be due unto such Parish, by Force or Virtue of this Act; or respecting or concerning any Claims or Rights of Common, or other Privileges within any of the said Parish Allotments, or any Trespass or Trespasses committed thereon, whilst the same shall remain in Common respectively 5 and in case of any Trial or Trials of any such Suits or Actions, wherein the Title to any Incroachment or Claim of Common shall be in Question; that then, and in every such Case, such Parish shall have and be intitled to recover and be relieved in as large and ample Manner, and in like Manner and Form, as the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, would have been intitled to Relief, or to have recovered, in case this Act had not been made.

LXXI. And, for the better Preservation of the several Allotments hereby assigned to the said Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, and Monken Hadley, or such Parts thereof as shall be kept in Common, and of the Soil and Herbage thereof,’ be it further enacted, That no Owner or Occupier of any Lands bordering upon or adjoining to the same, or any of them, shall have or be intitled to have, make, or use, any Gates, Ways, and Passages, (save and except such Gates, Way?, and Passages, as have been made and used for seven Years pad or upwards, or such as may be necessary to lead into any House or Outhouse, or into any Court or Yard belonging to any House or Outhouse now or hereafter to be erected, or such as may be necessary for the Occupation of any new Inclosures within the said Chafe, to be made under the Authority of this Act) without first obtaining an Order of the Vestry of that Parish which may be immediately affected by the erecting, making, or using any such new Gates, Ways, or Passages, authorising or licensing the same; and in case and so often* as any Gate, Way, or Passage, shall be erected or used without such Order (except in the Cases aforesaid), it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, intitled to a Right of Common in and upon the Allotment, or otherwise affected thereby, to make Complaint thereof upon Oath to any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex not interested in the Premises, which Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to view such Gate, Way, or Passage, and to summon and call the Parties concerned and all necessary WitnessVs before him or them, and to examine such Witnesses upon Oath, as such Justice or Justices shall think fit; and thereupon, by his or their Order or Warrant, to cause such Gates, Ways, orraflages, to be wholly taken away, destroyed, or discontinued, and to inflict such Penalty or Penalties on the Person or Persons making the same, not exceeding five Pounds, as such Justice or Justices in his or their Discretion shall think fit; or in case such Justice or Justices shall find that any such Gates, Ways, or Passages, are necessary to be continued for the private Convenience of the Person or Persons making the same, and such Person or Persons shall thereupon give Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for the Payment to the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes affected thereby, of such an annual Acknowledgment or Satisfaction for the Use of the said Gates, Ways, or Passages, as the said Justice or Justices shall order and direct, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Persons to use and continue such Gates, Ways, and Passages, in such Manner, and at such Times or Seasons, and under such Restric-rions, as the said Justice or Justices shall think fit, and by his or their Order or Warrant in that Behalf directed.

LXXII. And whereas the aforesaid Allotment, herein-before assigned to or for the Benefit of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the Parish of South Afimms, adjoins upon and lies open to a Piece of open commonable Ground within and belonging to the said Parish of South Mimms, called Bentley-heath, or by some other Name or Names, containing eighty-fiven Acres, or thereabouts, being Parcel or re- puted Parcel of the Manor of South Mimms: And whereas the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Paiifti of South Mimms, and their Tenants, are intitled, in Exclusion of all other Persons, to the like Rights within and upon the said Heath or commonable Ground, as they are intitled unto within and 4% upon the said Chafe: And whereas the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury is Losd of the said Ma- nor of South Mimms, and is also Impropriator and Owner of all the restorial or Great Tythes arising within the said Parish of South Mimms: And whereas the Reverend John Heathfield Clerk is Vicar, for the Time being, of the said Parish of South Mimms, and as such is intitled to all vicarial or Small Tythes arising within the faio Parish: And whereas the said James Earl of Salisbury, Thomas Allen Esquire, Chri- Jhf her Bethel Esquire, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of Freehold and of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of South Mimms, and, by virtue thereof- are intitled to a Right of Common, or other Rights, as well within the said Chase of Enfield, as within and over the said Pa/ccl of Waste Grounds: And whereas it will be of Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if the aforesaid Allotment of one thousand and twenty-six Acres, and three Perches, Parcel of the said Chafe, herein-before assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms, and the said Heath or commonable Ground, containing eighty-seven Acres, more or less, making together one thousand one hundred and thirteen Acres, and three Perches (be the same more or Icfs^, were deemed and considered as one intire Common or Waste Ground, the Property of the said Parish of South Mimms, and divided and set out into specific Shares and Allotments to and amongst the several Persons having Right of Common or other Interests in and upon the same, in order to the Inclosure and Cultivation ihciiof / be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Allotment of the

; by

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 63

said Chase of Enfield, containing one thousand and twenty‘fix Acres, and three Perches, herein-before assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms> and the said Heath or commonable Ground adjoining thereto, containing eighty-seven Acres (be it more or less), shall from henceforth, for the Purposes of dividing, letting out, and allotting the same, as herein after is directed, be deemed, taken, and considered as one intire Common or Waste Ground belonging to the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Parish of South Mi nuns.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That George Maxwell of Gravely in the County of Hertford, John Socket of South Mimms in the County of Middlesex, and Robert Weston of Brackley in the County of Northampton and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, setting out, and allotting the said Common or Waste Ground, containing one thousand one hundred and thirteen Acres, and three Perches (be the same more or less), in Manner herein after directed.

LXXIV. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this A £ (unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths, and of giving Notice of the first Meeting of the said Commissioners J until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the following Effect:

South Mimms Allotment and Beniley-hejth, to be divided aid allotted among the Freeholders, tec.

Commissioners

appointed.

Comrriflionen to be (worn*

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the heft of my Skill OatWCom.

* and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of muiioners.

an Aof Parliament, of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

for dividing the Chase of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein toe nttoned y without Favour or Affection to any Person whomsoever/

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners to administer to any other of the said Commissioners; and the said Oath, so taken and subscribed by each Commissioner, shall be inrolled in the same Place, and at the same Time, as the Award or Instrument herein after directed to be made by the said Commissioners, is, in and by this Act, directed to be inrolled.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or to be ele<sted in Manner herein after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to ad, the surviving or acting Commissioner or Commissioners shall, frofn Time to Time, within one Calendar Month next after the Death, or Refusal to ad, of any such Commissioner or Commissioners, or as soon after as Occasion may require, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Commissioner or Commissioners, not interested in the Inclosure of the said Common or Waste Ground, in the Room of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying, or refusing to ad, as aforesaid; and every such Commissioner or Commissioners, so to be appointed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities, by virtue of this Act, as the Commissioner or Commissioners, in whose Place or Places he or they shall succeed, was or were invested with; provided that Notice be given in the Parish Church of South Mimms aforesaid, of the Time and Place of every such Election,’ at lead ten Days before the same shall be made.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, and Directions, and other Matters and Things by this Act given to, or vested in, or directed to be done and executed by or before the said Commissioners and their Successors, shall and may be done and executed by or before any two of them, and that the Act and Acts of any two of the said Commissioners shall be of as full Force and Effect as if done by or before all the said Commissioners; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to give public Notice in the Parish Church of South Mimms aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and also to affix a like Notice in Writing upon the Door of the said Church, of the Time and Place of their first and every succeeding Meeting for the executing the Powers hereby vested in them, at least six Days before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that if at any Time appointed for any such Meeting no more than one of the said Commissioners shall attend, then, and in every such Case, such Commissioner shall and may adjourn the said Meeting to such future Day as he shall think fit* and all the Meetings of the said Commissioners for executing the Trusts reposed in them by this Act, shall be held within the said Parish of South Mimms, or at some Place or Places within the DiUance of ten Miles from the said Parish.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after passing of this Act, make, or cause to be made, a Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation of the said Common or Waste Ground, which Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation shall be reduced into Writing, and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, contained in the said Common or Waste Ground, shall be therein specified and described; and the said Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation shall be verified by the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same (which Oath any one or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby impowered to administer); and the said Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation, shall be laid before the said Commissioners at their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Incroachments which were taken from or made upon the said Common or Waste Ground before the twenty-ninth Day of September, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six (save only certain Lands uftd as a Coney-warren, and certain Lands heretofore inclosed for the fothering his Majesty's Deer) shall not be deemed any Part of the Lands intended to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, but shall be deemed the Ptoperty of the respective Persons who now enjoy the same, and their respective Heirs, Executors,

When Commissi men die. or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen.

Two Commissioners to be a Quorum.

Notice of Meetings, and Limitation of Distance.

Survey, Adman fu remen t, Sce, to be atade.

Tncroschmentt made before September 29, 1776, to be th# Property of the Persons in possession. Exceptions,

6+

Parish Rents referred.

Commissioners to appoint Roads, Fence?, Bridges, &«,

At whose Expence Roads to be made and repaired*

Vicarage of South Mimms to be augmented.

Vkar, with Consent of the Patron, See, may exchange Lands allotted to him.

Appointment of the Resid uc of the Wade,

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

cutors, and cestuique Trusts, according to the several Tenures and in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) That all such of the said Inclosures and Incroachments as are held by Copy of Court-roll of the Manor of South Mimms, and the Manor of IVilliotts, or either of them, shall be continued to be held by the present of Tenants thereof, to them and their Heirs, by Copy of Court-roll, according to the Custom of the respective Manors whereof they are so held by the Rents and Services therefore due and accustomed; subject nevertheless to the several Trusts, Limitations, Uses, and Estates, in and by such Copies of Court-roll, or by any Deed or Will thereof lawfully declared; and that all the Rest and Residue of the said Inclosures and incroachments (save and except certain Cottages and Lands held by Lease from the Duchy of Lar.caster herein after particularly mentioned) shall be deemed and from henceforth become the Freehold and inheritance of the respective Persons who now hold and enjoy the same, their respective Heirs and Assigns.

LXXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all such Rents, or other annual Outgoings, as are now rendered and paid or payable to or for the general Benefit of the said Parish of South Mimms, for or in respect of any Incroachments or Inclosures made upon or taken from any Common or Waste Land within the said Manor of South Mimms, shall continue to be paid for and out of the said respective Incroachments and Inclosures, to or for the Benefit of the said Parish; and for the better Recovery thereof, the said Rents shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Churchwardens of the said Parish of South Mimms, and their Successors; and that all other Rents, now paid or payable for or in respect of Inclosures or Incroachments within the said Common or Waste Land, to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, not being of of Tenure (save and except the Rent of Six Pounds reserved on the Lease herein after particularly mentioned), shall be discharged, and the said Incroachments and Inclosures be from henceforth freed and exonerated therefrom.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required, in the first Place, to set out and appoint such Public and Private Roads or Ways, and also such Ditches, Mounds, Fences, Common Drains, and Common Sewers, Watercourses, Banks, Bridges, Gates, and Stiles, in, over, dr upon the said Common or Waste Ground intended to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, as they in their Discretion shall think requisite, so as all such Public Roads shall be and remain forty Feet in Breadth at the least between the Ditches or Fences, and that the said Private Roads or Ways shall be of such Breadth as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and all such Public Roads shall be made, and at all Times hereafter repaired, by the said Parish of South Mimms (except as herein after is provided), in like Manner as other Public Roads within the said Parish are made and repaired, or ought so to be; and that the said Private Roads or Ways shall be made at the Expence of such Person and Persons to whom the said Common or Waste Ground shall be allotted, or to whom any Compensation shall be made by virtue of this Act, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order, direct, and appoint; and that, after such Public and Private Roads or Ways shall be set out and made, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to use any other Roads or Ways, either Public or Private, in, over, through, or upon the said Common or Waste Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, either on Foot or with any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages; and that all former Roads and Ways, that shall not be set out and appointed as the Roads and Ways through the said intended Inclosure, shall be deemed Part of the Common or Waste Ground to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and shall be allotted and divided accordingly as Part thereof; and that all Private Ways, Hedges, Ditches, Walls, Fences, Banks, Drains, Bridges, Gates, and Stiles, to be set out, erected, and appointed as aforesaid, shall be made, and at all Times thereafter repaired, cleansed, maintained, and kept in Repair, by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award or Instrument herein after mentioned, order, direct, and appoint.

LXXXII. And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Parish of South Mimms are numerous, and the annual Income of the said Vicarage is inadequate to the Duty belonging to the Vicar thereof; and, in Consideration thereof, the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Parish are desirous of augmenting

the Glebe Land belonging to the said Vicarage with an Allotment from the said Common or Waste Ground be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, in the next Place, to assign, set out, allot, and appoint, unto the said John Heathfield, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish of South Mimms, in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Discharge, as well of all Rights of Common and other Rights of the said Vicarage, within and upon the said Chase of Enfield, and the Wastes of the said Parish of South Mimms, as of all vicarial or Small Tythes arising within, upon, or from such Part of the said Common or Waste Ground, intended to be inclosed, as before the passing of this Act was within the Parish of South Mimms f such Parcel of the said Common or Waste Ground as they shall adjudge (Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience considered) to be equal in Value to twenty-five Acres, upon an Average Value of the Whole of the said Common or Waste Ground so intended to be inclosed; which said Allotment of twenty-five Acres shall be from thenceforth for ever thereafter held and enjoyed by the Vicar of the said Parish of South Mimms, and his Successors, as Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Vicar of South Mimms, for the Time being, with the Consent of the Patron and Ordinary, to exchange any Allotment of Lands that shall be made to him by virtue of this Act, for other Lands lying and being within the said Parish of South Mimms nearer to the Vicarage-house of the said Parish of South Mimms; and the Act or Instrument, whereby such Exchange or Exchanges shall be effected, shall be in roiled in the same Place as the Award of the said Commissioners is directed to be inrolled; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the next Place, set out, allot, and appoint; unto and for the Owners of all Dwelling-houses, Cottages, and Lands, which, before the passing of this Act, were within and Parcel of the said Parish of South Mimms, whether Freehold

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 65

or of, such Allotments or Parcels of the said Common or Waste Ground, as shall, In the Judgment of the said Commissioners (Quality and Situation considered), be equal in Value to the several and respective Quantities after mentioned, upon the Average Value of the whole of the said Common or Waste Ground, in lieu of their Rights and Claims in and upon the same, without having any Regard to the real Value of such Houses or Cottages; (that is to say) To the Owner of every Dwelling house or Cottage rot assessed or rated to the Land Tax, and also to the Owner of every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, assessed or rated to the Land Tax at any annual Value or Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, an Allotment, after the Rate of one Acre and one Quarter of an Acre, on the Average Value of the whole Common, as aforesaid: To the Owner of every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, assessed or rated to the Land Tax at any annual Value or Sum above forty Shillings, and not exceeding five Pounds, an Allotment after the Rate of one Acre and an Half, on the Average Value of the whole Common, as aforesaid: To the Owner of every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, assessed or rated to the Land Tax at any annual Value or Sum above five Pounds, and not exceeding ten Pounds, an Allotment after the Rate of two Acres on the Average Value of the whole Common, as aforesaid: And to the Owner of every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, assessed or rated to the Land Tax at any annual Value or Sum above ten Pounds, and not exceeding fourteen Pounds, an Allotment after the Rate of two Acres and an Half, on the Average Value of the whole Common, as aforesaid. Provided always, That in every Case where any such Owner will not, under the Provisions aforesaid, be intitled to an Allotment of the said Common or Waste Ground, amounting in the whole to three Acres, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall allot to each and every of such Owners one Quarter of an Acre in Addition to his or her respective Allotment or Allotments. Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall not allot any Part of the said Common or Waste, for or in respect of any Cottage erected on the Waste oft the Manor of South Mimms, or the Manor of Williotis^ since the twemy-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and directed to assign, set out, allot, and appoint, all the Residue and Remainder of the said Common or Waste Ground to and amongst the said James Earl of Salisbury, and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, or Dwelling-houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of South Afimms (the Vicar of the said Parish, and the several Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made under the Provisions aforesaid, only excepted), according and in proportion to the annual Sums or Rates at which the said Owners and Proprietors arc, in respect of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of South Mimms, set, assessed, and rated to the Land Tax for the said Parish (save and except as herein after is otherwise provided); and that in allotting the same, the said Commissioners shall have due Regard to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience of every Person’s Allotment and Allotments.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, or Lands, in the said Parish of South Mimms, being the Property of one and the same Person, shall happen to be assessed and rated to the Land Tax in separate and distinct Sums; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall consider every such Person as intitled to one gross Allotment, according and in proportion to the whole Amount of such several distinct: Assessments, when added together and made one Sum, and not according to such separate or distinct Assessments.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall find that any Owner of two or more Dwelling-houses or Cottages within the said Parish of South Mimms, whose Assessments to the Land Tax shall not exceed fourteen Pounds a Year, will not receive, or be intitled under the Provisions aforesaid, to an Allotment in respect of such Dwelling-houses or Cottages, equal, on an Average Value of the whole Common as aforesaid, to the Rate or Proportion of one Acre for each of such Dwel-ling-houses or Cottages; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and directed to set out, assign, and allot unto every such Owner, after the Rate or Proportion of one Acre for and in respect of each and every of such Dwelling-houses or Cottages, to be taken on an Average Value of the Whole of the said Common or Waste Ground, as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Building, under one Roof, though occupied or divided into two or more Dwellings, and being the Property of one Owner or Proprietor, shall be deemed and considered only as one Dwelling-house or Cottage, any Thing herein*before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall find that any Messuage, Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, within the said Parish of South MimmSj was not assessed or rated to the Land Tax at the Time of passing this Act, on account of the same being untenacted or uninhabited, that then, and in every such Case, every such Messuage, Dwelling-house, Cottage, and Land, shall be intitled to its Share and Proportion of the said Common or Waste Ground, according to the Rate or Assessment at which the same was last set and rated to the Land Tax respectively, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in setting out and allotting the said Common or Waste Ground, the Farms and Lands of Thomas Allen Esquire, shall be considered by the said Commissioners (in regard the same are let and aflffled at an Under-value) as assessed and rated to the Land Tax at fifty Pounds a Year more than the same are really assessed and rated at; and that such of the Farms and Lands, whereof the Corporation called The Brewers Company is seised, in Trust for certain charitable Uses (in regard the said Farms and Lands are not assessed and rated to the Land Tax), shall be considered by the said Commissioners as actually assessed and rated to the Land Tax at fifty-six Pounds and ten Shillings a Year, over and above other Farms and Lands of the said Corporation, which are assessed and rated to the Land Tax 5 and that the Tenement in the said Parish of South Alimms belonging to the Parish or to

Allotments (of Cottago, &.C,

Allotments other Persons,

Assessments to be consolidated.

Owners of two or more Cottages to be allotted one Acre for each.

Two Dwellings under one Roof but one Cottage.

Prorifion for un tenacted Houses.

An TIxerrtTon Act to Mr A^en, the Brewers Compxny, and Shcmej iVifn,

66

Earl of Salisbury* Allotment, in discharge of mane-rial Rights and Tythes.

Commissioners to have Regard to the Quality and Situation of the Lands, dec.

Mr. Byng*s Allotment.

Mr. Byng to make a certain Part of the Road, and to keep it in Repair for seven Yean.

Allotment to Mr. Bowyer.

Power to exchange Laods.

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

the Poor of the Parish of Shenley in the County of Hertford (in regard the same is not assessed or rated to the Land Tax), shall be considered by the said Commissioners as actually assessed and rated to the Land Tax at five Pounds a Year and that the said Commissioners shall allot to the said Thomas Allen, his Heirs and Assigns, and to the said Corporation, and to the said Parish of Shenley, their Shares and Proportions of the said Common or Waste Ground accordingly, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XC. And whereas the said James Earl of Salisbury is assessed and rated to the Land Tax within the said Parish, as well for the said Manor of South Mtmms, as for his Great Tythes and other Tythes,

Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish, and will therefore, under the Provisions aforesaid, become intitled to an Allotment of the said Common or Waste Ground according to such Assessment be it therefore enacted, That the Allotment to be so made to the said Earl of Salisbury, his Heirs and Assigns, shall be deemed, taken, and accepted, in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Discharge, as well of all Right of Common within and upon the said Common or Waste Ground, as of all Right of Soil, and of all rectorial and other Tythes whatsoever, of, from, within, or out of such and so much of the said Common or Waste Ground, as before the passing of this Act was situate within and Parcel of the said Parish of South Mimms.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, in making the Divisions and Allotments of the said Common or Waste Ground, shall have a due Regard to the Quality and Situation, as well as the Quantity of the Lands so to be divided and allotted, and also to the Conveniency of the Parties concerned; and shall set out the Part or Share of every Person respectively in one entire Plot or Parcel, where the same can be conveniently done, and as near to each particular Person’s Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as conveniently may be, without Preference or Partiality to any of the Parties or Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure; except in the Cases herein-afeer specially provided for. Provided always nevertheless, That in respect of the particular Situation of the Capital Messuage and Lands of George Byng Esquire, called JVrotham Park, the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby authorised and required to appoint, allot, and set out, unto the said George Byng, his Heirs and Assigns, towards his and their Share and Allotment, so much and such Part of the said Common or Waste Ground as doth abut on the South and Weft Parts thereof upon JVrotham Park, further South upon the Road leading from an House called The May-pole at Kicks-end, on the North Part thereof upon the Road leading from Gannock-corner to Green-dragon-lane, and on the East Part thereof up«n the Great North Road leading from Barnet to Hatfield, and containing fifty-two Acres, or thereabouts; which Part it shall be lawful for the said George Byng, his Heirs and Assigns, to inclose and hold in Severalty, when and so fbon as the said Commissioners shall, by their Order in Writing, authorise and direct; and, in Consideration f

thereof, the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby authorised to lay the Residue of the Allotment, appertaining to the Estates and Hereditaments of the said George Byng and his Heirs, at any remote Distance from his said Lands and Estates, so as to render the Allotments of all other Persons as advantageous

and convenient to them as may be.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the several Roads and Footpaths in and over the said Portion of Land herein-before described and directed to be assigned unto the said George Byng, and his Heirs, towards his and their Allotment of the said Common or Waste Ground, shall, from and after the Inclosure thereof, and Notice thereof given by the said Commissioners in Writing, under their Hands, by affixing the same upon the mod public Door of the Parish Church of South Mtmms aforesaid, be wholly discontinued; and that, in lieu thereof, the said George Byng, his Heirs or Assigns, shall, before the Inclosure of the said Portion of Land, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, make a good and substantial public Road from the Great North Road leading from Barnet to Hatfield to the Road leading from Gannock-corner to Green-dragon-lane, and make a good and substantial Foot-path at or near the present Carriage-road over i

the said Heath, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, and to their Satisfaction; and j

which said Road, hereby so to be made at the Expence of the said George Byng, his Heirs and Assigns,

shall be, from Time to Time for the Space of seven Years, to be competed from Midsummer-day, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, kept in good Repair and Condition at his and their own proper Costs and Charges 5 and from and after that Term the said Road shall be kept in Repair at the general Expence of the said Parish of South Mimms, and as other Roads in and upon thd said Common or Waste Ground are to be repaired; and the said Foot-path shall be for ever repaired at the Expence of the said George Byng, his Heirs and Assigns, Owners of JVrotham Park aforesaid.

XCIII. Provided always, That in respect to the particular Situation of the Farm and Lands of John Wyndham Bowyer Esquire, called Gannock farm, the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby authorised and required to appoint, allot, and set out, unto the said John Wyndham Bowyer, his Heirs and Assigns, his or their Share and Allotment, out of such Part of the Common called Bentley-heath, as doth abut on the North Part on the said Farm and Lands, on the South Part on the Road leading from Green-dragon-lane to Gannock-corner, and on the Weft Part on the Road leading from the said Farm-house to Green-dragon-lane \ which Part it shall be lawful for the said John Wyndham Bowyer, his FieL s and Assigns, to inclose and hold in Severalty when and so loon as the said Commissioners shall, by their Order in Writing, authorise and direct the same.]

XCIV. And, for the more convenient Situation and Disposition of the several Lands and Grounds

within the said Parish of South Mimms,* be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and i

for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all or any of the Proprietors or Owners of Lands

and Grounds within the Pariin of South Mimms aforesaid, and his, her, or their Guardians, or Persons

acting as such, Husbands, Trustees, and Committees respectively, to exchange all or any of his, her, or r

their Messuages, Tenements, Old Inclosures, or other Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes of Enfield and South Mimms, or any Allotment or Allotments, Part or Share of the said Common dr Waste

6;

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

Ground, to be made tfnder the Provisions of this Act; for any other Messuages, Tenements, Old Inclosures, or other Lands, Grounds, or Allotments, within the same Parishes of Enfield and South Mimms aforesaid, or either of them, so as all and every such Exchange and Exchanges be made by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, and be ascertained and declared in their said Award, or some Act or Instrument to be inrolled in the same Place as the Award of the said Commissioners is directed to be inrolled, and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Part of the Allotment* f said Common or Waste Ground shall be allotted in pursuance of this Act, shall incloic and well and fuf- b€lncI°r<rd» *c-ficiently fence and ditch their several and respective Parts, Shares, and Allotments thereof, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and that the said Commissioners, in apportioning and settling the Pences of the said Allotments, shall order and direct a Quick-fence to be made and repaired on each Side of every public Road which shall be set out in, over, and upon the said Common or Waste Ground, by the Owners of the several and respective Allotments abutting upon or adjoining to the said public Roads, and duly apportion the Residue of the Fences for separaring such last-mentioned Allotments from the Allotments adjoining thereto, to and amongst the respective Owners thereof accordingly: And in case any Person or Persons shall not inclose, hedge, ditch, or fence. Penalty on Per-his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commif- r°n.s nc8!eaiflS sioners shall order and direct, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the to ln oc* Owner or Occupier of the Lands or Grounds next adjoining to the Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall not have so inclosed, hedged, ditched, or fenced the same, as aforesaid, to exhibit a Complaint upon Oath against such Person or Persons before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, not being interested in the Lands or Grounds so intended to be inclosed, who is and are hereby impowered and required to summon the Parties concerned, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, as to the Justice of the Complaint, and order, direct, and appoint the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to make, repair, and maintain the-Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, of the Person or Persons who shall not have so incloitd, hedged, ditched, or fenced as aforesaid; and also shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, directed May be levied to the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint as aforesaid, cause the Charges and Expences of byDiftrefe, Sec, making, repairing, and maintaining the Hedges, Ditches, or Fences of th? Person or Persons who shall not have so inclosed, hedged, ditched, or fenced as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same upon Demand, rendering the Overplus (if any), after Payment of such Charges and Expences, and of the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; or otherwise the said Justice or Justices shall and may, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, authorise and impower the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to enter into and upon the Premises, so to be allotted to such Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits of the same Premises respectively, until thereby or therewith the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, and maintaining the said Hedges, Ditches, or Fences, which ought to have been made, repaired, and maintained by the Person or Persons who shall so neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by or attending such Entry upon, and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the same Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied. 9

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences Oipstobeieft and Inclosures of the said Common or Waste Ground, to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Space of in Fcnces* twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, in and through the same, unless the said Commissioners shall order and award to the contrary, and then for such Time only as they shall so order and award $ and that all and every the Proprietors of the said new Inclosures shall have full Power and Liberty to erect or set up any Gate or Gates across any Part of the Road or Roads to be made through or against his, her, or their Allotments, for keeping out Sheep and Cattle, and to prevent their destroying any Banks, Drains, Plants, Quicksets, or Fences, which shall be made or planted for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of seven Years.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons intitled to any such Allot- Allotment* to be ment or Allotments of the said Common or Waste Ground as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required accepted "lth, Q to accept his, her, and their respective Allotments within the Space of three Calendar Months next after accrUm ,me* the Execution of the said Award or Instrument, and Notice in Writing affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of South Mimms aforesaid for that Purpose, under the Hands of the said Commissioners: And in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within the Time before mentioned, such Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be totally excluded from having or receiving any Benefit or Advantage from any Estate, Interest, or Right of Common whatsoever, of, in, or to any of the Lands or Grounds so assigned or allotted to any other Person or Persons by virtue of this Act.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Com- Guardian*, &c, mittees, or Attornies of any Person or Persons being a Minor or Minors, under Coverture, or beyond the nuy accept. Seas, efr otherwise incapable by Law to accept such Allotment or Allotments so to be made as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof, for the Use of the Person or Persons under any of the Disabilities aforesaid, or otherwise incapacitated; and every such Acceptance respectively shall be, and is hereby declared to be, as valid and effectual as if the Person or Persons, to whom the same shall be made respectively, was or were capable of acting for himself, herself, or themselves* any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Provided also, That the

68

Non-icceptance of Guardians not to prejudice Infants, &c.

This Art not to aftert Will* or Settlements, Scc.

Allotments to be Freeholds.

Allotments to be the immediate Property of the Landlords.

Lessees may appeal to Commissioners.

Tenants for Life, See, impowered to borrow Money to indofe,

Sc c.

and to mortgage the Allotments for a Security.

Interest to be kept down.

Mortgages. Sec, may be aliened.

C. 17. Anno dedma septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not exclude or prejudice the Claim or Acceptance of any Infant, Fcme-covert, or any other Person under such Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept, within one Year next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any Person or Persons intit led as Heir, or in Remainder or Reversion after the Death of any Person or Persons dying under such Disability or Incapacity, who shall claim or accept within one Year after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest, shall have defeended, veiled, or accrued.

XCIX. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed, adjudged, deemed, or taken, to revoke, make void, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance in, out of, upon, or aflecting the said Common or Waste Ground to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several Shares and Allotments, so to be assigned and allotted upon such Division and inclosure thereof to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after such Allotments shall be made and set out, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons, to whom the same shall be assigned and allotted as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively to such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the same Estates, and with such and the same Powers and Authorities for making Leases and otherwise, and subject to the same Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances (Right of Common under any subsisting Lease or Leases, and Allotments to be made in lieu thereof, only excepted), as the several Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respe<Sl or in lieu whereof such Allotments were made to them respectively, were and flood severally limited, or subject and liable unto at the Time of making such Allotments respectively.

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Allotments of the said Common or Waste Ground, which shall, by virtue of this Act, be set out, assigned, and allotted to the said Owners, and Proprietors, in respect as well of their Freehold as of their Customary or of Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, and Lands, within the said Parish of South Mimms, shall be deemed, considered, and taken as of Freehold Tenure, and not of of or Customary Tenure, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be made of the said Common or Waste Ground by virtue of this Act in respect of any Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, or Lands, held by Lease or Leases at Rack-rent, or for which Leases no Fines were paid to the Grantors as the Considerations for the same, shall be allotted unto and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, and Lands, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lessees to, in, or upon the said Allotments, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of such Leases; and in case any of such Lessees shall think himself, hetself, or themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Landlords and Tenants shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application to them made by either Party, to take the Matters in question into their Consideration, and by their Order to make unto every such Lessee, for his, her, and their Loss of Commonage, or other Losses by means of the said Division, such a fair and adequate Allowance, by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack-rents, by such Leases reserved, as the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Committees, of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Ideots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or being under any other Disability whatsoever, and to and for any of the said Proprietors being Tenants inTailor for Life only, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners testified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to charge their respective Allotments of the said Common or Waste Ground with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding the Rate of forty Shillings per Acre; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, or d«mise, or otherwise subject the said Allotments unto such Person or Persons as shall respectively advance and lend such Money, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to or for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, and so as in every such Grant or Demise which shall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or intitled to any such mortgaged Premises for the Term of his, her, or their natural Life or Lives only, or by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest of the said Money to be thereby secured during his, her, or their respective Life or Lives, in such Manner that no Person afterwards becoming possessed of such Allotments shall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for one Year preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue and commence; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or D mise, of the said Allotments and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to be made in pursuance of this A cl, shall be good* valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of Title in the said Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Committees, or in the Persons ailing as such, or in the said Tenants in Tail or for Life, or any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other Impediment or Incumbrance, of or concerning the said Lands, Grounds, or Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof then in beings or capable of taking Effeel, to the contrary: And all and every such Person and Persons to whom any such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise* iiuil be made, or who fhaiHor the Ttnnt being be imitled ttythe Money thereby to be

secured.

A.D. 1777. Anno decirho septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 69

secured, shall and may, from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer the said Security or Securities, and the principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest, in and to the same, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again in like Manner assign the same, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them, shall and may use, take, and pursue all such Methods in Law and Equity for recovering and obtaining Possession of the Preftiifes so to be mortgaged, demised, or assigned as aforesaid, in case of Nonpayment of the Principal Money and Interest to be thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are taken and pursued in Cases of the like Nature.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have completed and finiftied the Division and Allotments of the said Common or Waste Ground, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, they the said Commissioners shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall express, specify, and contain the Quantity and Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, of the said Common or Waste Ground assigned and allotted to each and every of the Parties intitled to and interested in the same respectively, and a Description of the Situation, Buttals, and Boundaries of the same Parcels and Allotments respectively, and proper Orders and Directions for fencing and mounding the same, and for keeping the said Mounds and Fences in Repair, and also for making, laying out, and repairing proper Roads, Ways, Common Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, and Passages in and through the same Premises, and also all such other Orders, Regulations, and Determinations, as shall be necessaryor proper to be inserted therein, respecting nr concerning the several Powers and Trusts by this Act reposed in them, according to the Tenor or Purport thereof; which said Award or Instrument shall be fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, and shall, within six Calendar Months next after the same shall be so signed and sealed as aforesaid, be inrolled in his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster; and after the Inrolment thereof, the said original Award shall be kept and deposited in the Parish Che (I of the said Parish of South Mimms, to the End Recourse may be had to the same by any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure; for the Inspection and rerufal whereof the Sum of one Shilling shall be paid, and no more; and a Copy thereof, or of the Inrolment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence; which Copy the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, or his Deputy, or the Vestry-clerk of the said Parish for the Time being, is and are hereby respectively required to make and deliver to any Person or Persons requiring the same, he, she, or they paying for such Copy, to the said Vestry-cferk, after the Rate of Two-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for any Number of Sheets or Words; and the said Award or Instrument so to be executed, or the Inrolment thereof as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every of the Parties interested in the said Common or Waste Ground so intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That all Right of Common in, over,' and upon the said Common or Waste Ground, so intended to be divided and inclosed, shall, from and after such Time as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

CV. And whereas by Indenture under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, bearing Date on 01 about the third Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the King’s Majesty, for the Con- siderations therein mentioned, did grant and demise unto Thomas Nuthall Esquire (sincedeceased), amongst other Incroachments, All that Cottage or Dwelling-house, with the Appurtenances, fuuatc upon the said Chase of Enfield, adjoining to the Road leading from Barnet to Hatfiela, now in the Occupation of 4 William Baflick, with two Pieces of Garden Ground behind the same, containing one Rood and twenty ‘ Perches, together with another Cottage adjoining thereto, now in the Occupation of Elizabeth Tyler and Thomas Paternoster, with a Garden and Close contiguous thereto, containing one Acre, one Rood,

and five Perches; and also certain Lands within and Parcel of the said Chafe, therein described to have been then and for some Time past used as a Coney-warren, together with Licenre to keep a Stock of Coneys thereon; and also one Cottage or Dwelling-house near the Chafe-pound, now occupied by Charles Woods, with seven Acres of Land thereto adjoining; To hold the same unto the said Thomas Nuthall and his Assigns, from the Date of the said Lease, for the Term of thirty-one Years, under the yearly Rent of six Pounds: And whereas the said Coney-warren, Cottages, and Lands, lie within and are Parcel of the Portion or Allotment of the said Chafe, by this Act assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms: And whereas the said Cottage or Dwelling house near the Chafe-pound, and the said seven Acres of Land, are now vested in John Nicoli Esquire, for the Remainder of the said Term of thirty-one Years, subject to the whole of the said Rent of six Pounds; and the Residue of the said Leasehold Pre-- mises herein-before particularly de feribed are vested in Francis Ritjfell Esquire, for the RtfiJuc of the said 1 4 Term of thirty-one Years therein to come and unexpired: And whereas the destroying of the said Coney-warren will be of Benefit to the said Allotment :* Be it therefore enacted, That the said Lease, so far as the same relates to the said Coney-warren, shall, from and after the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, be vacated, determined, and extinguished, and the said Coney-warren become, remain, and be considered as Part of the said Common or Waste Ground, and be allotted and inclosed as Parcel thereof, freed and absolutely discharged from the said yearly Rent of six Pounds.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Rent of six Pounds reserved by the said Lease shall be charged and chargeable upon the said Cottage in the Occupation of the said Charles Woods, and the said seven Acres of Land thereto adjoining, and be paid by the Lessee thereof unto the Overseers of the Poor

of

Commissioners to make an A-ward.

Award to be in* gross*- d, and in* roiled in the Duchy Court*

Right of Com* won, &c. to cease.

The Lease of the C< ney -v arrrn to be ?a* cated from Ott. 1, 1777.

For feU'ng Mr. Nic'»U’« Cottage and Land.

70

For Stic of Mr R udell's Cot-figct and Lands.

Valuation of Timber to te made, on Oath.

The Oath.

Commissionert to notify the Value of the, Trees on each Person'a Allotment.

If Owners of Land decline the Purchi'e, the Trees to be sold by public Auction.

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

of the Parish of South M/mms, to be determined by them applied towards the Poor’s Rate of the said Parish, until the said Cottage and seven Acres of Land uiall be fold and disposed of, in Manner herein after directed; and that the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, set a fair Price upon the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Cottage and Land (subject to the Term therein to come under the said Lease): And in case the said John Niccli, or his Assigns, shall be desirous to become the Purchaser of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Cottage and Land, at the Price so set thereon by the said Commissioners, they the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to accept the same of the said John Nicoll, or his Assigns, in full for the absolute Purchase of the Fee-simple and Inheritance thereof; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners for such Purchase money shall be deemed and taken as a sufficient Title to vest in the said John Nico/l, his Heiis and Assigns, the absolute Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Cottage and Lands, freed and discharged from the said reserved Rent; but in case the said John Nicoil> or his Assigns, shall decline such Purchase of the Premises, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall sell and dispose thereof, in one intire Lot by public Auction, at one of their public Meetings, upon fourteen Days previous Notice to be given by Advertisement in The London Gazette, and affixing a Copy of such Notice or Advertisement upon the Church-door of the said Parish of South Minims, on the two Sundays immediately preceding such Sale; and that the Receipt of the said Commissioners for the Purchase money shall be a sufficient legal Title to vest the absolute Fee-simple and Inheritance of the Premises (subject to the said Lease), in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Francis Russell, or his Assigns, shall be desirous of purchasing the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the Premises so occupied by the said IViiliatn BaJUck, Elizabeth Tylery and Thomas Paternoster, and the Gardens and Close thereto adjoining, with their Appurtenances, and shall, on or before the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners the Sum of one hundred Pounds as the Purchase money for the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and directed to accept thereof in full for the absolute Fee simple and Inheritance of the said Messuage, Dwelling-house, Tenement, Cottages, Buildings, Gardens, Yards, and Close thereto adjoining, with their Appurtenances, and that the Receipt of the said Commissioners for the said Purchase money shall be deemed and taken as a sufficient Title to vest in the said Francis Russell, his Heirs and Assigns, the absolute Fte-simple and Inheritance thereof respectively; but in case the said Francis Russell, or his Assigns, shall not pay the said Sum of one hundred Pounds to the said Commissioners within the Time above limited for that Purpose; then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to sell and dispose of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Messuage, Dwelling-house, Tenement, Cottages, Buildings, Gardens, Yards, Close, and Premises last mentioned, in like Manner, and with the like Powers, as is or are herein-before directed and given for Sale by public Auction of the said other Cottage and seven Acres of Land, subject nevertheless to the said Lease thereof, subsisting as aforesaid.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall hare flaked and set out the several Allotments of the said Common or Waste Ground in Manner herein-before directed, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause and procure a fair Valuation of all Oak, Ash, Elm, Beech, and Hornbeam Trees (landing upon each separate Allotment (except such Trees as are herein-before reserved to the King’s Majesty), to be made and taken by some able and experienced Person well (killed in the Value of Timber and Wood, whom they shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose; which Valuation shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Person making the same, and shall be verified and authenticated by the Oath of such Person (and which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer to him), in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. do swear, That the Account in Writing, signed by me, and now produced and delivered by

me to the Commissioners named and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for dividing the Chase of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; purporting to be a Valuation of the Oak, Ash, Elm, Beech, and Hornbeam Trees (landing on certain Allotments of Land heretofore Part of the said Chafe, is and containeth a true and faithful Valuation or Estimate of all the Oak, Ash, Elm, Beech, and Hornbeam Trees (landing on each respective Allotment therein mentioned, according to the bed of ‘ my Skill and Judgment; and that the same was made by me without Favour, Affection, or Prejudice to

any Person whatsoever.’

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the taking of such Valuation and Estimate, give unto each Owner or Proprietor an Account in Writing of the Value so set on the said Trees, on his, her, or their respective Allotment, and appoint a Day and Place for every such Owner and Proprietor to agree with the said Commissioners for the Purchase of the said Trees, giving every such Owner or Proprietor the Refusal of the said Trees (landing on his or her Allotment, at the Valuation or Price so set thereon: And in case any of such Owners or Proprietors shall decline the Purchase of the faiel Trees at the said Valuation, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall proceed to sell and dispose thereof by public Auction, in like Manner as is herein-before directed for the Sale of the said Cottage and Land; and the Persons who shall be the belt Bidders shall be declared the Purchasers of the said Trees, and shall be allowed, on Payment to them of the Monies agreed to be given for such 'Frees, such reasonable Time, not exceeding six Calendar Months, for cutting down and removing the same, as the said Commissioners shall, by their Order, direct and appoint; and that the said Purchasers shall not be liable to any Action of Trespass or Damages whatsoever, doing therein no wilful Waste or Spoil.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

CX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall arise and be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, by the several Sales of the said Cottage, Land, Timber, and Trees aforesaid, shall be made a Fund, and applied and appropriated by them in or towards Payment and Discharge of all the Costs and Expences attending such Sales, and of surveying, planning, measuring, valuing, dividing, aHotting, and setting out of the said Common or Waste Ground, and of the making the several public Roads and Ways over the same (save and except the said Road and Fiorpath herein before directed to be made by the said George Byng, his Heirs and Assigns, Owners of JVrotham-park)> and of the preparing, making, and inrolling the said Award or Instrument of the said Commissioners, and all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the Execution of the several other Powers and Trusts by this Act vested or reposed in the said Commissioners: And in case the said Fund shall be more than sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall pay the Overplus into the Hands of the Overseers of the said Parish of South Mimms for the Time being, to be by them carried to their Amount of Poor’s Rate, and laid out and applied in Aid of the Poor's Rate, within the said Parish of South Mimms; but in case the said Fund shall be inefficient for those Purposes, then such Deficiency shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment of the said Common or Waste Ground shall be made by virtue of this Act, in Proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, and the Benefits arising therefrom (save and except the said John Heathfield, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish of South Mimms, and also save and except such of the Owners and Proprietors of Cottages and Lands within the said Parish, as are not rated to the Land Tax at ten Pounds a Year, or upwards); all which Charges, Costs, and Expences, shall be settled, adjusted, and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose nominate, direct, and appoint; and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions, of such Charges and Expences, within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners, to such Person or Persons as th;y shall appoint to receive the same, then the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, or of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon his, her, or their respective Allotment or Allotments, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enter into and upon the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, until thereby or therewith the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of the said Costs and Charges so directed, awarded, and appointed, by the said Commissioners, to be paid by any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon, and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That every of the said Commissioners, who shall act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers hereby vested in them as aforesaid, shall be paid the Sum of one Pound, eleven Shillings and Sixpence, for each Day he shall be employed therein, the same to be in full Satisfaction for all the Trouble and Expences which he shall be put unto in executing the same.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to account as well for all Monies, which, by virtue of this Act, shall come to their Hands* as for all Monies which they shall lay out and assess upon the Parties concerned in the said intended Inclosure of the said Common or Waste Ground; which Account shall be by them stated and set forth in their said Award, or in some Schedule to be annexed to the same, or Indorsement to be made thereon, and shall express and particularize in a Debtor Column or Side, all Sums of Money received by them, and of whom, by Name, and on what Account; and also the Names of the several Persons whom they shall so assess, with the Sums so assessed on or to be paid by them respectively, and on what Account or for what Purpose; and in a Creditor Column or Side, an Account of the Application of all Monies so received, assessed, raised, and paid*, and on what Account and for what Purposes respectively.

CXIII. And whereas the Corporation commonly called The Brewers Company, in the City of London^. 4 is seised of the Manor of IVilliots within the said Parish of South Mimms: And whereas divers small Cot- tages and Gardens, situate on the East Side of the Great North Road leading towards Hatfield, at or near Potter's Bar^ are held, by sundry Persons, to themselves and their Heirs, by Copy of Court-roll, of the said Manor of IVilliots; and it may be for the Benefit and Convenience of these Copyholders to enfranchise the same;’ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation to treat and agree with the said of Tenants, or any of them, for enfranchising to such. Tenants, and their Heirs, their several and respective of Tenements, situate on the said East Side of the said Great North Road, at or near Potters Barr aforesaid, at and for such Prices or Considerations as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Corporation and the said respective of Tenants; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation, by Writing sealed with their Common Seal, to enfranchise the same to the said Tenants; and which Writing shall be effectual for that Purpose in the Words or to the Effect following:

KNOW all Men by these Presents, That we the Mailer and Keepers or Wardens and Commonalty of the Mvftery or Art of Brewers of the City of London, Lords of the Manor of IVilliots, in the Parish of South Mimms, in the County of Middlesex, in pursuance and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for dividing the Chafe 0/hnfi:!d, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; in Consideration of the Sum of paid to the said Corporation, A.B. one of the of Tenants, have en-

Franchised,

71

Application of Purchase money of Land, Timber, &c.

In case of Deficiency, how th. farre shall be supplied#

Allowance to the Commissioner*

Commissioner* to account,

Brewers Company to enfranchise tbr»r of Tenements, Arc,

Form of Enfranchisement#

72

Mimms Allotment to be a Seigniory.

Its Name*

Church wardena incorporated.

Clause for preserving new Fences,

No Sheep to be kept in the new Inclosures for seven Years: Except, See,

Tenants for Life, Sec, impowered to cut down and carry away Tices, JJufhcs, See,

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. 17774

franchised, and do by these Presents enfranchisg unto the said A. B» and his Heirs, all that Messuage,

Cottage, or Dwelling-house, Garden, Lands, and Appurtenances, held by Copy of Court-roll of the said Manor by him the said A.B. situate at or near Potter’s Barry in the Parish of South Mimms, in the County of Middlesex; to hold the same unto the said A.B. his Heirs and Assigns forever, in Fee-simple,

freed and discharged from all Rents, Suits, and Services whatsoever* In Witness whereof, the said Corporation have hereunto caused their Common Seal to be affixed, this Day of

one thousand seven hundred and seventy

CXIV. And, for the greater Ease and Convenience of the present and future Freeholders, Tenants,

Refiants, and Inhabitants of and within the said Allotment of the said Chafe by this Act assigned to the Parish of South Mimms, be it further enacted, That the said Allotment of one thousand and twenty six Acres and three Perches, by this Act assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be and become, and shall from thenceforth be erected into, and shall for ever remain, in the Hands of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, as Parcel of the Duchy oLate after y a several Manor and Seigniory, and be perpetually called and known by the Name of The Manor of New Mimms, diifevered and disjoined from the Manor and Lordship of Enfield; and that the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall and may from thenceforth for ever thereafter, by his and their Stewards, Bailiffs, and Officers, hold and keep all such like Court Leet and other Courts, View of Frank-pledge, and Law-day, within and for the said Manor and Seigniory of New Mimmty with like Jurisdiction in all Respects whatsoever, as could or might, or can or may be lawfully held, kept, or exercited, within the said Manor and Lordship of Enfield; and that all the Freeholders, Tenants, Refiants, and Inhabitants of and within the said Manor or Seigniory of New Mimms, shall render and do Suit and Service, and shall take upon them and exercise all Offices and Duties at the said Court Leet or other Courts, View of Frank-pledge and Law-day, for and within the said New Manor and Seigniory, in like Manner as they would have been subject and liable unto at the like Court or Courts holden or to be holden within and for the said Manor and Lordship of Enfield, in case the said Seigniory had remained within and Parcel of the said Manor and Lordship of Enfield; and that all Freeholders, Tenants, Refiants, and Inhabitants of and within the said Manor and Seigniory of New Mimms, shall be for ever, after the passing of this Act, freed and discharged from all Suits, Services, Offices, and Duties whatsoever, within and for the said Manor and Lordship of Enfield, or at any Court or Courts to be held within and for the same.

CXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the present Churchwardens of the said Parish of Enfield shall be and are hereby incorporated and made one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name oiThe Churchwardens of the Parish Church of Enfield\ in the County of Middlesex j and that the present Churchwardens of the said Parish of Edmonton shall be, and are hereby incorporated and made one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Churchwardens of the Parish Church of Edmonton, in the County of Middi sex; and that the present Churchwardens of the said peculiar Donative or Parish of Monken Hadley shall be, and are hereby incorporated and made one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Churchwardens of the Parish Church of Monken Hadley, in the County of Middlesex; and that the said several Corporations shall have perpetual Succession, and they and their Successors respectively shall be enabled to sue and be sued by the respective Names aforesaid in any Court of Judicature within the Realm of Great Britain,

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall graze or keep any Horses, Cows, or other Beasts, Sheep or Lambs, in any Roads, Lanes, or Passages, on either Side whereof any new Fences shall be made under the Authority of this Act, for the Space of seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, under the Penalty of five Shillings for every such Horse, Cow, or other Bead, and Sixpence for every Sheep or Lamb, to be paid to the Person or Persons injured or liable to be injured thereby; which said Penalty, shall be recovered by Application and Complaint to one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Middlesex, not interested in the said Lands and Grounds, who is and are hereby required to summon the Parties concerned, and examine into the Fadts by proper Witnesses on Oath; and after such Summons and Examination may, if he or they shall see Cause, order the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons to whom such Beasts, Sheep or Lambs, shall belong, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cost^and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any new Inclosures to be made and held in Severalty, under the Authority of this Act, during the Space of seven Years from the Time or Times the Fences thereof shall have been made and completed, unless the Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall first, at their own Expence, fence their Neighbours Quicksets adjoining the Inclosures where such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs, on Penalty of paying Treble Damages and Costs to the Person and Persons who shall be damnified thereby, to be recovered by Suit or Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law.

CXVIII. And to the End the several Portions of Land by this Act directed to be inclosed may be improved and reduced to a State of Cultivation/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons being Tenants for Life, or having or claiming to have any limited Estate in any of the Lands or Allotments by this Act assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms, and the Owners of Enfield Old Park, and Manor of Old Foldy respectively, and also for the Lessee and Lessees of the great Tythes of the Parish of Enfield for the Time being, and the several Vicars of Enfield and South Mimms, and the Incumbent of Monken Hadley, and their several and respective Successors, Lessees, or Tenants, for the Space of seven Years, to be computed from the last Day of this present Session of Parliament, to grub and flock up, fell, cut down, remove, take and carry away, to and for their own proper Ufts, all and all Manner of Trees, Bushes, Thorns, and Roots, within and upon, their said respective Allotments (save and except 6 such

c.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 73

A

such Trees as are by this Act reserved to the King’s Majesty), any Law, Usage or Prefciiptiort, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vicar of Enfield, Power for the and his Successors, and the Vicar of South Aftmms, and his Successors, with the Consent of the Lord IJishop Vicars ’ En-of London for the Time being, signified by Writing under his Hand, and also for the Incumbent of the pe- &c* an, J culiar Donative or Parish Church of Monken Hadley for the Time being, and his Successors, with the Con- tent^o^ant fent of the Patron thereof for the Time being, to grant Leases of their respective Allotments of the said Leases,

Chafe unto such Person or Persons as they shall severally and respectively think fit, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Date or Dates thereof respectively; so as no such Lease be made difpunishable of Wade; and so as no Sum of Money or other Gift be taken by Way of Fine for such Lease or Leases; and so as the best Rent or Rents that can be gotten for the same be reserved thereon respectively 5 and so as such Rent or Rents be made payable quarterly; and the usual Power of Re-entry for Nonpayment of such Rent or Rents, and such other Clauses and Covenants be contained therein as are usually inserted in Leases of Farms in that Neighbourhood; and so as the Lessee or Lessees, in such Lease or Leases to be named, do execute and deliver Counterparts of the same; any Law,

Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And that upon the Death, Cession, or Resignation How Rent*

of any Vicar of Enfield, or Vicar of South Mimms, or Incumbent of Monken Hadley for the Time being, a Death* CeiTio"

just Proportion of ithe Rents and Profits of such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted to the said respect o/fUflgnauo*?

live Vicars and Incumbent by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and received by the said Vicar or Incumbent

making such Cession or Resignation, or to the proper personal Representative or Representatives of the

Vicar or Incumbent who shall so die, up to the Day of such Ceftion, Resignation, or Death, as the Case

may be, any Thing to be contained in such Leases to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXX. And for the better Protection of the Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, growing, or which may hereafter grow, in or upon the said Chafe, as well before as after the same shall be divided by Fences into the several Allotments aforesaid,’ be it further enacted, That all Persons whatsoever, who shall un- Clause for Prew lawfully cut down, split, bark, pill, damage, deface, destroy, or carry away any Timber Tree, or other Tree, Wood, or Covert, or any Fern, or Furze, within the said Chafe, before the Fences to be made at

his Majesty's Expence shall be completed, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Punishments, as such Offenders are or would have been subject or liable to, in case this Act had not been made: And in case any such Offence or Offences shall be committed after the said Fences shall be completed, every such Offender or Offenders shall be subject and liable to all such Suits, Actions, Damages,

Pains, Penalties, and Punishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to be brought, given, imposed, or inflicted upon any Person or Persons for committing the like Offence or Offences in the Lands, Grounds, Woods, or Coppices, being the private Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully and unlawfully Penalty for break down, destroy, carry away, or damage, any Gate, Stile, Post, Rail, or other Fence, to be put up dewing or placed under the Authority of this Act, for the fencing or convenient feeding or occupying of any Lands *cnces* within the said Chafe, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace, in Manner herein after directed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten rounds, nor kfs than twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, over and besides the Costs of Conviction; and one Moiety of such renalties shall be paid to the Owner of the Gates, Stiles, Ports, Rails, or Fence, so broken, destroyed, or carried away, whether such Owner be the Informer or not, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Churchwardens of the Parish within which the Offence shall be committed.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties by this Act inflicted, or directed to be in- Method of re* flifted, or which shall be set or imposed by any Rule or Order to be made under the Authority of this Act, covering pc-shall be recoverable before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, not lultlc$t interested in the Premises, on the Confession of the Offender, or on Proof of the Offence by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and that the Evidence of any credible Person, either for or against the Party accused, shall be competent, although such Witness or Witnesses shall be an Inhabitant of the Pariftl within which the Offence shall have been committed, or charged so to be: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, upon Information and Complaint upon Oath made before him that any such Offence hath been committed, to cause the Offender and Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him, to be dealt with according to Law; and in case, on Conviction, any such Offender shall not immediately pay down the Penary and Costs, or find Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for the Payment thereof at a future Day, it shall be lawful for such Justrcp or Justices to cause the same to be forthwith levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,-by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or it shall be lawful for such Justice or

justices, at his or their Discretion, to commit every such Offender to some Common Gaol within the said ounty, there to be kept for any Space of Time such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until such Time as the said Penalty and Costs shall be paid.

CXXIII. And, in order to prevent the qua(hing of Convictions of Offenders against this Act for Want of Form,’ be it further enacted, That the Conviction and Convictions of all and every Offrn ters against now jun'cti t# this Act, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the same shall be made, to priced for the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and nt

that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment, or Paper, in the following Form of Words, as *en(i<rU the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say:

MiMtftxi* "HE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year f ..mi of Oa-

to wit, X) j was> Upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before of the vict«».

Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in pursuance of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year

Hadley Parish to

be within the Juti'dicnon of the Ordinary.

Certain Incroachments Cfifranchised.

For ascertaining Tenures.

Siic Parts to be made of the Survey, and to be certified by flic Speaker of the House of Commons s

To be kept in the Parish Cherts, Trinity C dlc^e, and in the Duchy. Office.

Peifors ig-

pnevcJ may appeal to the Quarter otffiuin j

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

of rbfc Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for dividing the Chase of Enfield, in the County of

Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; (as the Case shall be).

Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year above written/

Which said Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be qu.'.shed, fbt afule, or adjudged void or inefficient, for Want of any Form or Words whatsoever.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the said Allotment of fifty Acres by this Act assigned in Discharge of the Tythes of the Parish of Monken Hadley, the whole of the said Parish of Monken Hadley (save and exc< pt only the said two hundred and forty Acres by this Act assigned and annexed to the raid Parish, and which said two hundred and forty Acres are 10 remain subject to the Payment of such Tythes to the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College aforesaid, ami their Lessee, and to the Vicar of Enfield, for the Time being, as shall aiife and become due therefrom) shall, from and after the twenty-filth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, become and for ever remain freed, exonerated, and absolutely discharged from all Tythes whatsoever; and that the said Parish of Monken Hadley shall from thenceforth become and for ever remain subject to the Visitation and Jurisdiction of the Ordinary in all Spiritual Matters whatsoever (Induction and Institution, and Payment of Visitation-fecs, only excepted).

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Lands heretofore incroached upon the said Chafe, and herein after particularly described, and all Messuages, Houses, Cottages, and Buildings thereon erected, with their Appurtenances, now held either by Copy of Court-roll of the Manor of Enfield, or other Title under the Ciown, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be and become enfranchised, and be hHd and enjoyed by the several and respective Persons now holding and enjoying the same, to them-solves and their Heirs, in Fee simple, freed and discharged from all Quit-rents and other Rems, Suits and Services, subject nevertheless to such Limitations, Uses, and Trusts, as have been already thereof declared determined by any Grant by Copy of Court-roll, Deed, or Writing, if any such there be; (that is to say) all those Cottages and inclosures, with their Appurtenances, granted by Copy of Court-roll, situate near Cooper 5 Lane Gate, now or late held, enjoyed, or occupied by Thomas IValtho, Peter Poulter, and John Jaques; and also all those several small Pieces of inclosed Ground, with the Offices and Buildings thereon erected, situate on the West Side of the present Road near Cock soften, and held, enjoyed, or occupied by Arabella Trevor Spinster, and Temple Weft Esquire; and all that small Slip ofinraised Land fronting an House called The Folly, and a small Slip of inclosed Land near Caponhurst Farm, occupied or enjoyed by William Mason; and all those several small Parcels of intailed Land fronting divers Houses in the Parish of Monken Hadley, which Parcels of inrailed Land are held by Andrew Hopegood Esquire, John Egerton Esquire, Thomas Gildart Esquire, and James £>uilter Esquire, containing together one Acre and sixteen Perches; and all those other small Parcels of inclosed Land adjoining to the said Parish of Monken Hadley, being Part of the Gardens and Outlet of Mrs. Mary Sswell, and of the Incumbent of Monken Hadley for the Time being; and also all those several small Parcels of inclosed Land, granted by Copy of Court-roll of the said Manor of Enficldr situate near unto Potter s Bar, with the Dwelling-houses and other Buildings thereon, now held and enjoyed by John Freeman Esquire, Ann Jones Spinster, and Christopher Corrall Esquire; all which said Incroachments, hereby enfranchised, contain in the whole fix Acres, two Roods, and one Perch, or thereabouts

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Mefiusges, Buildings, and Lands, within the said Chafe, or within the District usually called Enfield Chase, by whatsoever Tenurcs the same now are, or shall hereafter be respectively held (rhe Allotment by this Act assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms only excepted), shall be for ever held, and be deemed, adjudged, ;md taken to be held of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of the Manor and Lordship of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, Parcel of the Possessions of his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster\ and that all Messuages, Buildings, and Lands, within the Limits of the said new-erected Manor of New Mimms, shall be for ever hrld, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be held of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of the said Manor of New Mimms, in the said County of Middlesex; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anjr-wife nmwithstanding.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be fix original Parts made of the aforesaid Survey or Plan of the said Chafe, and of the Table of References thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, under his Hand and Seal, and, when so certified, four of such fix Parts shall be deposited and kept in the Cherts of the said four respective Parishes (that is to say) one Part in the public Chert of each Parish; which several Surveys or Plans all Persons interfiled, and their Agents, shall have Liberty, at all seasonable Hours, to inspect, paying unto the Vestry-clerk of the Parish, for the Time being, the Sum of one Shilling for every Iiripection: '1 hat another of the Ibid.Parts shall be delivered to the said Marter, Fellows, and Scholars, to be deposited and kept in the said College: And the remaining Part shall be kept and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of his Maj 'fly’s Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, amongst the Record- of the said Duchy: And the said several Surveys or Plans, and Table of References, shall be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and that the several Vestry-clerks, or other Officers or Persons having the Custody of the said Surveys or Plans and Table or Tables of References, shall respectively produce the same in Evidence, in any Court whatsoever, being duly fubpeenaed so to do, and being p ud a reasonable Satisfaction for his or their Trouble, Colls, and Charges attending such Production, by the Party or Parties in whole Behalf the same shall be so produced.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That ifany Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselve* aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (save only in such Cases whtre the Order or Direction of any Person or Persons is-directed to be final) then, and in every such Case, the Party or Parties so

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17, 18. 75

aggrieved shall and may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the County of Middlesex, within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen;

and the Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the

Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable

Charges of every such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and con- whofcD-trnm-

elusive to all Persons concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any otlver Writ bc

or Pmcefs whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere. d

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Writs, and Prosecutions, commenced against Liin’ration.of any Person or Persons, for any Thing to be done under or in pursuance of this Act, shall bc commenced A'1'*oa, within six Calendar Months after the Fadf committed; and shall he laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not otherwise or elsewhere: And that such Persons, as shall be profecured for any Offence against this Act, or under any Rule or Order to be made by virtue thereof, in Manner aforesaid, shall not be liable to Prosecution or Presentment for the same Offence, under any other Act of Parliament, or in any of the Courts of the Manor of Enfield, or elsewhere, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall he sued or prosecuted for any General Tssue Matter or Thing which he, she, or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to m*y b<| and for every Person so sued or prosecuted, to plead the General Issue, and to give the Matter in Evidence, to without specially pleading the same.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to, ^avi,n? eh

or be in anywise prejudicial to the Rights given and granted by any Charter or Chirters, or any Act or Acts River of Parliament, to the Corporation called The Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell company. and Annuel I to London.

CXXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all General Saving Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors, and to the Lords of the several Manors of South Mimms, of Rlfchu* IVilliots* and Monken Hadley, and to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Seigniory, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, to, or within the said Chafe, and of, to, or within the said open commonable Ground in the said Manor of South Mimms, which are not by this Act extingtiiffied, vacated, destroyed, discharged, annihilated, taken away, lessened, diminished, varied, changed, or altered, as they, every, or any of them, now have or hath, or might or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been made.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public A<a* Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames Weft-. ward of London-bridge* within the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation; and for other Purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Act *4 Geo#

Thames, Westward of London-bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and to prevent any Vessel 11,1 TeCltc,i*

or Barge from being moored in Taplow-mill Stream, in the County of Bucks; the Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, of the City of London* in Common Council assembled, were and are authorised and impowered to improve and complete the Navigation of the said River, between the City of London and the City Stone above Staines bridge, in the County of Middlesex: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and several necessary and expensive Works have been performed within their Jurisdiction, between the City of London and the City Stone above Staines-bridge, whereby the Navigation hath been greatly improved, the Passage for

Boats and Barges rendered more expeditious, and the Expences of navigating considerably reduced: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have already applied near tea thousand Pounds in this Service, out of their own Estates, but find that, notwithstanding so large a Sum has been expended by them, other Works, very necessary for completing the Improvement of the said Navigation, still remain to be done, the probable Expence of which will, as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have been informed, amount to the additional Sum of near eight thou- land Pounds, over and above a considerable Expence that will annually be incurred in repairing and Supporting the Works: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London,

are defiroUs of being enabled to purchase the several Tolls and Duties or other Sums of Money now col- leded and taken for Barges and other Veflds navigating, and for Horses drawing such Barges and Vefllls,

within the Limits before-mentioned; and propose that the said Tolls and Duties, or other Sums of Money so purchased by them, shall cease and be no longer paid; as they apprehend, from the Circumstances

7

6

Power given to the Mayor, Lc. in Common Council assembled, to purchase the old Tails and Dune?, &c.

Bodies Politick, Trustre*, Stc. im powered to Itll and convey Tolls, Duties, and Lands.

Con‘radi to be valid.

If Parties refuse to treat, &c. a Jury to be sum-poned.

Jurymen may

If iiiuikn^cd.

C. 18. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

and Nature of the said Tolls and Duties, and other Sums of Money, that they are attended with great Inconveniencies to the Navigation, and to the Public: And the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in order to carry the good Purposes of the said former A<S into Execution, and to enable them to purchase the present Tolls and Duties, and Payments, and to complete the said Navigation, are also desirous that they should be impowered to lay a small Toll, in lieu of the present Tolls and Duties, and Payments, upon the several Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, navigating the said River, between Lon- don-bridge and the City Stone above Staines-bridge, according to the Quantity of Tonnage: But, as the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament,* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby impowered to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in, the several Tolls and Duties and Payments, now collected and taken for Barges and other Vessels navigating, and for Horses drawing such Barges and Vessels, between the City of London and the City Stone above Staines-bridge, for the Purchase of such Tolls and Duties; 2nd with the Owners and Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in, such Lands or Grounds as they shall judge fit to be purchased for the Purpose of erefling Toll-houses and Toll-gates, or other the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, and Guardians whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whatsoever; and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seized in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized or possessed of, or interested in, any of the Tolls or Duties or Payments, now collected and taken, for Barges and other Vessels navigating, or for Horses drawing such Barges and Vessels, within the Limits herein-before mentioned, or any Lands or Grounds, which by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or Committee to be by them appointed, shall be thought necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, to sell and convey all or any such Tolls, Duties, Lands, and Grounds, or any Part thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens; and that all Contradb, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute* Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding 1 And that all such Persons so conveying as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do, by virtue of, or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter of Form whatsoever. And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons seised or possessed of, or interested in, any such Tolls, Duties, Lands* or Grounds, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, with the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor* Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or to the Person or Persons so authorised by them; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City; and the said Court is hereby impowered and authorised, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriffs of the City of London, or the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, or the Sheriff of the County of Surry, as the Case shall require, who are, and each of them is hereby authorised, directed, and required, accordingly, to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than forty-eight, nor more than seventy-two, and out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall he drawn by some Person to be by the said Court appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster (by an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries), are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, if the Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds in question, are collected and taken, or lie in the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, at such Time and Place, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and rf the Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds in question, are collected and taken* or lie in either of the Counties of Middlesex or Suny, to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County where the Tolls or Duties are collected, or the Lands or Grounds in question lie, at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the same County, or some Adjournment thereof; and to attend the said Courts respectively, from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Courts respectively; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array: And the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby authorised and impowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Petfoos whomsoever, who shall be

77

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on their Oath or Oaths, touching and concerning the Premises: And the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, in such Manner as they shall direff; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices* as aforesaid, respectively, shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occassion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, to attend until all such Affairs, for which they were summoned, shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall esquire of the Value of such Tolls, Duties, Lands, and Grounds, and of the respective Estate and Interest of every Person seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall a fiefs and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, for the Purchase of such their Krtates and Interests; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, respectively, shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money, so to be a defied; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment, Decree, or Determination thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at least fourteen Days before the Time of such AflefT-xnenr, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices* as aforesaid, respectively, and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Leflce, Tenant, or Occupier of some of the said Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds intended to be valued and assessed, in case such Partjr cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such Notice), shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate* claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest, in, to, or out of the said Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue-unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes-covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and alP other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, respectively, and Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, ar.i" signed and sealed by the Mayor for the Time being, or by the Justices present, or the major Part of them.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, so to be awarded or adjudged, the Person or Persons, to whom the same shall be so awarded for the Purchase of the said Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the Lid Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said Tolls* Duties, Lands and Grounds, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall he so awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Atfts, Matters, and Things, necessary and requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens; and such Conveyances Alignments and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall, cn the Part of the fail' Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, be required: And in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their* making such Title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such Conveyances, Alignment*, or Assurances, as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum and Sums of Money Hull be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found in the City or County where the Tolls, Duties, Lands-or Grounds, for which the said Sums shall be so assessed or awarded, are collected and taken, or lie; or in case, that by reason of Difp-utrs, depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aflerr, bled, what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the Premises in question; then, and in every such Case as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to order the said Sum or Sums, so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as the Value of, and Purchase money fur, the said Tolls, Duties, Lands and Grounds respectively, to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Use of the P -rties inte-icfted in the find Premises, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interest therein, at such Time as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall order and direct; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and ft r whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank ts. aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices as aforesaid, respectively, and Juries, as relate to, or concern any 'Foils, Duties, Lands or Grounds, so to be purchased as aforesaid; and all Receipts which the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give for any Sum or Sums of Money, paid into the Bank in consequence of any such Verdict and Judgment, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or the said County of Surry, as the Case shall happen to be; and the said Verdicts, Judgments* Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, and other Proceedings, fbolh

Witnesse* may be examined 0* Oath.

Jury to enquire into the Value of the Tbll*, Duties, Lands, &c. in questibm

Verdict of Jury, &c. to be 6oal«

Affifnmeott and’ Conveyance* to be made to the May ir, of«.

If Pe. foni cannot evince a clear Title to the Premiser,

or cmnot be found in the City or County whe’e the Land*, &c. lie,

the Purchase money to be lodged in the Bank*

Verdict and Decrees of the Court of A l<Vr-mto, A. to he* entered among the Record* of the said Courtj

78

rti to be deemed good Evidence

# A iter such Verdins, Fee the i Ol|*l, D t C%

tod L-indr t b*»

purchased, veud in th' M !y.,r and Cit.zti-.s.

Court of Al.Vr-n'en m ?y invert Hu ch afe- mo-Pr y in the Fund* on Coceinment Security, dec.

Persons int:t!ed to the Profits of t* e Premise', m iy rtcover Interest by Arlion

of i-ebt, &c.

Feme-covert f'-ifed in Fee-simple, &c. to have her Purchase money paid to win m she shall nominate.

How Porch afe-ironey, in retain Cases, shall be dispofvd of.

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Finis or Rc-tovciics.

C. 18. Anno decimo septimo Georg it III. A.D. 1777

he deemed tind taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true Copies the.eof, shall be deemed and taken {0 be good and effectual Evidence and Proof, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the same gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, Sixpence, and to proportion-abiy for any greater or lesser Number of Words: And immediately alter such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices a fore said respectively, and Juries* and of such Receipt or Receipts of the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, all the Efface, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust:, Property, Claim and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons for whose Use such Money shall be paid, in, to, and out of the said Tolls, Duties, Linds and Grounds to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every Person, having any Estate in the Premises, had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Grant, Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Pay men: s shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to wlmfe Use such Payments were made, but also shall extend 10, and be deemed and courtrued to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Pofftftion. Revetfmn, or Remainder, and all Rights and Titles, in respect of any such Estate Tail, against the I due and I flues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually asa ine or Recovery would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, after such Payment into the Bank, and Entry of the Receipt aforesaid, at the Petition of any Person or Persons in Possession of such Foils, Duties, Lands or Grounds, to place out or invest, onto cause to be placed out or inverted, such Sum or bums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the Public Funds, or on Government Security, at Interest, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and assign the same to the Person or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof; and in the mean time in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends anling therefrom to such Person or Persons as was or were in Possession of the said Premises, at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who would be intitled to recover the Mesne Profits of the Premises, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case: the same had not been fa conveyed to or vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as> aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from such Interests and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby impowered and authorised to make such Order as aforesaid on the Bank, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so inverted in public Securities: And the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Premises, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any othe/wife than according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Feme-covert is or shall be feifedv in Fee Ample, or in Tail, general or special, of any such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, so to be purchased as aforesaid, by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or of any Interest in the same, to her separate Use,* free from the Controul or Intermeddling of her Husband, the Purchase money, arising from the Sale of such Estate or Interest of such Feme-covert, on the Conveyance of such Estate or interest to the said i Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall be paid either to the Husband of such Feme-covert, at"her Request, or to such Person or Persons as (he shall, by Writing under her Hand, nominate to receive the same, in Trust, to be re-invested in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for such Use, Estate, and Interest, as the said Feme-covert had in the Premises so purchased by the said Mayor' and Commonalty, and Citizens.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the principal Money arising from the Sale of any Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, which shall be purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act, of or from any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians. Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme-covert, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall reflectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed then afterwards* to be re-invested in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Tolls, Duties, Lands and Grounds, which shall be purchased from them respectively, by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the Time of such purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be existing and capable of taking Effect.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest, of any Feme-covert, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Bargain and Sale, acknowledged by such Feme-covert, and inrolled in the' Court of Hustings of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, within six Calendar Months after ti e making thereof, shall as effcSuslly and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme-covert in the Prtmifes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof, in due Form of Law* And further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever, to be made

of

Persons interfiled in the Tel s, &c. to enter a Memorial of their Right within five Years,

in a Book so be prepared by the Town-clerk,

Si c.

nr be for eif r b irred t all such Right.

A.D. 17,77. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18, 79

of any such Tolls, Duties, Lands and Grounds, as shall be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as aforesaid, shall have the Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or fuftered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises, in Trust for, or to the Use of such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, having any Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expc&ancy, or otherwise, in, to, or out of, any Tolls, Duties,

Lands or Grounds, which by virtue of this Act shall be purchased by and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town-clerk of the said City of London, or the Clerk of the Peace for the County respectively; which Book she said Town-clerk, and Clerk of the Peace, respectively, are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which Entry they shall be intitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law intitled to, for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words; and all and every Person or Persons whosoever, not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time, and in such Manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the lame, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Tide, Use, Equity, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever.

Whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expedlanry, or otherwise, in, to, or upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Pofliflion of such Premises, any Law, Statute,

Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons, barred of any Right, Title, Estate, Interest,

Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Tolls, Duties, Lands and Grounds, by virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, for Money had and received to his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any Person or Persons, who received the Purchase money aiifing from such Sale of the said Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds aforesaid; and that in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the Mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been intitled to recover, in case this Act had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money, and Interest due thereon, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, in Trust for them; and in case fi*ch Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given; and at the End of the said six Calendar Months, in case Payment, or a legal Tender shall be made of the Principal and Interest so due, and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or those claiming under, or in Trust for him, her, or them, shall refuse or neglect effectually to convey and assign his, her, or their Interest in the Premises, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, in Trust for them, that then immediately after such Payment or Tender made, all Interest on every such Mortgage shall a s .* and determine.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest, due on any rrgajie, as aforesaid, into the Bank, at the End of six Calendar Months from such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bmk shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cutes of other Payments into the B. rk; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust for, or claiming under, him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to ail intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Verdict as Fjtren^., ,f aforesaid shall he given for a greater Sum than shall have been offered by rr on the Behalf of the Mayor juhc'h<wto and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, or in case no such Offer shall have been made befo:c the summoning of any such Jury, that then all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and the Witnesses, a» d of taking such Inquest, shall he paid by the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London: But if any such Verdict shall be given for no more, or fi r a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, then, and in every such Case, such Expences shall he defrayed by the Owners of, or the Persons interested in such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds in question; and such Expences shall be iie-dutfted and taken out of the Monies to be a (Idled and adjudged, and such Deduction shall be deemed and taken as Payment of so much thereof.

Persons so bvr-, reJ mi) h'in«

Actions of D^bt agnnft the Receiver o* the Pur. hase-niO-ney.

Mortgage, on Tender ot Principal and Interest, 10 convey, Stc.

On Refusal, after six Months Notice, ln.etcft to ccaie.

On Payment of Mortg i n* i*ev »n u

B nk Prfri.ifes

\ c it m ir.e

Ci.y

So

C. 18

Pines on Sheriffs, Jurors, &c. neglecting the ir

X>ut>:

Mey he levied ‘ by Distress and

Penalty on"

giving false Evidence,

The present Tolls and Du* ties to cease, when vested in the Mayor, See,

'Common Council impowered to let, fell, &c. any Ground not necessary for the ‘‘Purposes of this Act.

New Tol’s to.he taltrn after May rt# *777»

To wh-in the Tolls shall be paid.

Method of recoiling To.ls.

Prorifo for de* dueling the present rolls cut of the New ToJb, iu tafe they

Anno decimo septimo Georgii IIIt A.D. 1777.

XV. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or Sherifff, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, respectively, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on >any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence 5 also on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any} to the Owner or Owner3.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, qt before any Justices of the Peace, mall and may be prosecuted for the same; and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons would be subject to for wilful and.corrupt Perjury, by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the said Tolls and Duties, and Payments, so to be purchased, shall be respectively conveyed to, or otherwise vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the same shall respectively cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Prescription, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, are hereby impowered to make, they may happen to be possessed of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, over and above what may be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act* be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to let, sell, or dispose of, any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall think moll advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract and agree for or purchase the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, will be at in improving and completing the said Navigation, and for keeping the Works in Repair, and in purchasing the Tolls and Duties now col-Jedled and taken for Barges and other Vessels navigating, and for Horses drawing such Barges and Vessels, within the Limits herein-before mentioned, it (haTl and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, and at all Times, from and after the first Day of May now next ensuing, to take, demand, recover, and receive, or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered, and received, for all Barges, and other Vessels whatsoever, which shall be navigated upon the said River Thames, or any Part thereof, between London-bridge and the City Stone above Staines-bridge (except as herein after is mentioned), such Sum and Sums of Money, in the Nature of a Toll or Duty, Tolls or Duties, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, upon due Consideration of the Expences of improving and completing the said Navigation, and purchasing the Tolls and Duties now collcifled and taken for Barges and other Vessels navigating, and for Horses drawing such Barges and Vessfls, within the Limits aforesaid, final), from Time to Time, think proper, not exceeding the Tolls and Duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say)

For all Barges and Vessels navigated on the said River westward of London-bridge, to Strand on the Green, or Brentford, One Halfpenny t>er Ton; to JJIeworth or Richmond, One Penny per Ton; to Twickenham, or Tedding ton. One P<» ny Halfpenny per Ton; to Kingston, or Hampton Wick, Two-pence per Ton; to Ditten, Hampton-court, Moulsey, or Hampton, Two-pence Halfpenny per Ton; to Sunbury, Walton, Hanford, Shes-person, or We)bridge. Three-pence per Iron; to Chertsey, or Laleham, Three-pence Halfpenny per Tun; to Staines, and upwards, Four-penceTon:

Which said Tolls and Duties shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places near to the said River Thames, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time direct and appont: And in case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Toll or Duty, Tolls or Duties, or any Part or Parts thereof, on Demand, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, may sue for the same by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, in any Court of Record; or the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls or Duties ought to have been paid, may, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to seize and detain such Barge or Vessel, for or in respect whereof any Toll or Duty, Tolls or Duties, ought to be paid, until Payment thereof, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if the same shall not be redeemed within four Days after the taking thereof, the same may be appraised and fold, as the Law directs in case of Distress for Rent.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all the Tolls and Duties, now collected and taken for Barges and other Vessels navigating, and for Horses drawing such Barges and Vessels, within the Limits herein-before mentioned, shall not cease and be determined by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, before the said first Day of May now next ensuing, that then, and in such

C. 18

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

8c

Case, all and every Person and Persons who, after the said first Day of May now next ensuing, shall pay all fuMM afar or any of such Tolls or Duties for any Barge or Barges, or other Vessel or Vessels navigating, or for Horse* the n<w 1 ol!* drawing such Baige or Barges, Veil'd or Vessels within the Limits aforesaid, after the said first Day of *cone e* May now next entiling, or any of them, Dial I and may deilud out of the Tolls and Duties to be made payable under or by virtue of this Act, all such Sum and Sums of Money as he, she, and they respectively shall pay for or in re (peel of the Tolls and Duties now collected and taken as aforesaid, or any of them; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be accordingly allowed to such Person and Persons respectively, any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Owner and Owners Owners of V f* of any Barge or other Veiled passing on the said River Thames, between the Limits aforesaid, shall, at rc,# Pu* ^eir his, her, or their own Expence, cause his, her, or their Name or Names to be set in legible painted white ^aTres on the Capital Letters, of the Length of six Inches, and the Breadth of one Inch, on each of the Outsides of uthv, CJ 1 lCrco‘ every such Barge or other Vessel, higher than the same shall fink into the Water when full loaded, and cause the same to be renewed or restored so often as the same shall be worn out or defaced in Part, or in the Whole; and shall also permit and suffer every such Barge or other Vessel to be measured and gauged, Vessel* to be and marked with the Number of the Tons of her Burthen, at the Expence of the Mayor and Com- mr*iute4 and monalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, whenever it shall be required by them, or such Person mark-cd* or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose; which Number of Tons so marked shall be accounted the Tonnage of such Barge or other Vessel, and Toll paid for it accordingly: And all and every Ofandsrs tofor-such Owner and Owners as shall refuse or neglect to put his, her, or their Name or Names on any such feit^os. each j Barge or other Vessel, in Manner aforesaid; or shall alter, deface, erase, or destroy any Letter, describing any such Name or Tonnage as aforesaid \ or shall navigate, or cause or suffer to be navigated, upon the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, any such Barge or other Vessel, not having the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof, and Tonnage, set thereon in legible painted white Capital Letters of the Dimensions aforesaid, higher than the same shall fink into the Water when full loaded; or shall refuse to have his, her, or their Barge, or other Vessel, measured, gauged, or marked, as aforesaid, he, she, and they shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or their Assigns, the Sum of forty Shillings; which said Forfeiture and Forfeitures shall and wlvch rroy !>e may be recovered in a summary Way, by Information or Complaint, to be upon Oath made to the Mayor Iev,c‘J bX Dif* or any of the Aldermen of the City of London, for the Time being, or to any one of his Majesty's Justices trers* of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or the County of Surry (which said Oath they are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer), and be levied by Distress and Sale of the Oifcnder’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Alderman, or Justice of the Peace, and shall go and be applied in the Manner following; (that is to say) One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, Complainant or Complainants; and the other Moiety to and for such Uses and Purposes as the lolls and Duties, by this Act granted and made payable, are herein after directed to be paid and applied,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Power to crrft the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby au- Toil-sa cs, &c. thorised and impowered, to cause any Toll-houses and Toll-gates to be erected, built, and made, upon the Lands or Grounds so to be purchased by them as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the Purpose of collecting the Tolls and Duties to be made payable in pursuance of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be No Tol!-?at« conArued to extend, to authorise or impower the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, to compel to be ere<^cd in or oblige the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Pad- ccru‘° l>Ucc* dock, or planted Avenue to any House, which hath been respectively used as such six Calendar Months

before the passing of this Act, or the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of any Messuage or Tenement, erected or built, or begun to be erected or built, six Calendar Months before the passing of this Act, to pull down, let, fell, or convey, such Messuage, Tenement, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, or Avenue, or any Part thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or any other Person or Persons; nor shall any Thing in this Act contained impower the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, to erect any Toll-gate or Toll-house upon any Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, or planted Avenue to any House, or upon any Part of the Lands or Grounds lying between the Garden of his Grace the Duke of Montague, situate at Richmond, and the Road leading from the Hamlet of Ham to Twickenham-firry \ or upon a Piece of Ground granted by the Crown to Lord Cholmondeley, and now in lYlteilion of the Right Honourable Georgiana Countei's Dowager Coziper; any Thing herein contained to. the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall nat be lawful for the said Mayor, Alder- Otain Places

tr.cn, and Commons, or any other Person or Persons, to make use of Horses for towing of Boats, Barges, wh.ch Ho-'e* or other Vessels, cn the Surry Side of the said River, between his Majesty's B irge-house, at Kczv, and the Vei-

Scite of his Majesty's ancient Palace of Richmond, in the County of Surry; nor upon the Middlesex Side f iSj &c,

of the said River from the Town of I flavor th, to the upper End of the Land now in the Occupation of the Earl of Buckinghamshire, in the Parish of Twickenham-, without Leave of the respective Proprietors of the I.and on the said Middlesex Side of the River; any Thing in this Act, or in an Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty hath been graciously pleased, for the Con vcn.ency of the Inhabitants of Richmond and Lav, and the Towns and V illages adjacent, to cause a 4 commodious public Foot-walk to be made alone the Side of the River from the Ate Horse-f rry, at Kav,

to the Scite of his Majesty's ancient Pfl ice of Richmond: And whereas tn.re -s a 1 To a commojious punlic 4 F»;ot- walk next the said Uiv<.r, extendi«.g che whole L: g h vi me Scite of the same Palace, an i p4rt

82

Horset may be

u ed for towing Boat*, &c. from Kcw to Richmond, if a new Towing path Hull be made.

Mayor, Aldermen, &c. may appoint Receivers or Collectors of Tolls y

who shall pay the same into the Chamberlain's Office, and account to the Court of Aldermen.

On Refusal to

account, &c,

Justices to inquire into the Default,

end commit the Offenders till Payment or Cnrrpolilion be made.

Exemption*.

All Moniea taised by virtue of thw At>, veff-td in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Ciu-»e..s.

Common Council impowered to borrow i r,ocol.

and to assign the Tolls as a Stcu> tity.

C. 18. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

thereof, which, if made use of as a Towing-path by Horses, would greatly injure the said Foot-walks,

and render the same dangerous to Passengers walking thereon 5 and as it may be of more public Utility to have Barges towed by Horses rather than by Men it is therefore also provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, do make, or cause to be made, on the Shore of the Surry Side of the said River, a proper Towing-path for Horses, from his Majesty's said Barge-hdufe, at Kcw, to a Place called Water-lane, in Richmond aforesaid (which Towing-path shall not be raised higher the whole Extent of the said Foot-walks than is absolutely necessary for Horses to tow thereon with Safety in Times of Spring Tides and Land Floods), and shall also effectually separate the said Towing-path by Ports and Rails, or in any other Manner, so as to prevent Horses from going upon the said public Foot-walks; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, or any other Person or Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vends, between the said Barge-house at Kew and Water-lane in Richmond, to make use of Horses on such new Towing-path, for the Purpose of towing such Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, between the said Barge-house at kcw and Water-lane in Richmond; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, at any Time or Times, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Receiver Or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the said Tolls and Duties granted or made payable by this Act, as they shall think fit, and from Time to Time to remove and displace such Receiver and Receivers, Collector and Collectors, and to appoint others, as they shall think proper; and all Persons by this Act liable xp pay the said Tolls and Duties, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, as aforesaid; and all such Receivers and Collectors shall respectively pay the same into the Office of the-Chamberlain of the said City, and shall also, upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen (which Oath the same Court are hereby impowered to administer), from Time to Time give in a true, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they, and every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason or in consequence of their respective Offices, for which Oath no Fee or Reward shall be taken: And in case any such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the said Tolls and Duties, or any of them, shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to make Payment as aforesaid, then, or in any of such cases, it shall be lawful to or for the Mayor of the said City, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or for the said County of Middlesex, or for the said County of Surry, or any other County, City, or Place, as the Case shall happen, and such Mayor, Justice or Justices, upon Complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required to make Inquiry concerning such Default, as well by Confession of the Party, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Mayor, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Receiver or Collector shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Mayor, Justice or Justices, shall commit every such Offender to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the Common Gaol of any County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be apprehended, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, until he or they shall give or make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or they shall have compounded for the same with the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby impowered to make and receive, from Time to Time, if they shall so think fit, in full Satisfaction for all Money that shall be then due from such Person or Persons on the said Account.

XXVII. Provided always, That no Toll or Duty, Tolls or Duties, shall be paid or payable to, orde» manded by, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, or their Collector or Collectors, by virtue of this Act, for any Boat or Vessel under the Burthen of three Tons, or for any Pleasure-boat; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies made payable by, or to be recovered or received under or by virtue of this Act (except the Share and Shares of any Informer or Informers, Complainant or Complainants, of and in any Penalty or Penalties, forfeiture or Forfeitures, inflicted or made payable by this Act), shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, and shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act* and the Purposes of the said Act made and passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or some or one of them; and an Account of the said Tolls and Duties granted by this Act, be annually laid before Parliament.

XXIX. And, forasmuch as the Money to be collected by the Receipt of the Tolls or Duties to be* 4 made payable by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, will not be sufficient for the Purpose of this Act, and of the said Act made and passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties to be made payable in pursuance of this Act; and by any Writing or Writings, under the Common Seal of the City of London, to assign the Toll-houses and Toll-gates, to be erected as aforesaid, and the Tolls and Duties to be made payable by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any such Person or Persons as* shall advance or lend such Money thereon, act a Security or Securities for the Sum or Sums Money so borrowed, with Interest, not exceeding legal Interest, for the same; which interest shall be payable and

paid

Twenty l)ays Notice to be given of borrowing Money*

Annuities to be granted according to the Age of the Annuitants.

S 1. per Cent.

i H>1. per Cent.

When Annuitants die, Conte n on Council may grant other Annuities.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

paid half-yearly, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, put of the Monies to arise by or from the said Tolls and Duties, or any other Money which shall be recovered or received under or by virtue of this Act, and paid into the Office of the said Chamberlain.

XXX. Provided always, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London* on the Credit of any of the said Tolls or Duties, or Premises, as aforesaid, unless Notice be for that Purpose given in the London Gazette* and also fixed in Writing, under the Hand of such Person or Persons as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, or by any Committee to be by them appointed, shall direct, at or upon all the Toll-houses and Toll-gates then erected or made, by virtue of this Act, at lead twenty Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XXXI. And whereas many Persons may choose to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to ‘ be secured upon, and payable out of the said Tolls and Duties \ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the Office of the Chamberlain of the City of London, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, for the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons, being of the Age of forty-five Years or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, at the respective Times of Payment of their respective Purchase-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum 5 or for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, for the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons, being of the Age of sixty Years or upwards, as shall be so no minated; which last Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum ‘w all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Tolls or Duties, granted and made payable by this Act, by four equal Quarterly Payments in the Year, the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Affiens, at the Expiration of the first Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies: And that the Rates of such Annuities respectively shall be settled and adjusted by public Sale of such Annuities, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by any Committee by them to be appointed, to the best Bidders for the same.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Persons, for whose Life or Lives any Annuity or Annuities shall or may be purchased by virtue of of under this Act, shall happen to die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, or any Committee by them to be appointed, to fell and grant one or more Annuity or Annuities for the Life or Lives of any other Nominee or Nominees, upon the Terms aforesaid, so that the whole Amount of Monies paid for the Purchase of such Annuities then actually existing do not exceed the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds; any Thing hereinf-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Provided always, That the whole Money to be borrowed under or by virtue of this Act, either by Annuities or Loan, shall not exceed the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Clerk for the Time being of such Committee or Committees, as shall be appointed as herein after is mentioned, shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the Clerk of the said Committee or Committees, all Securities for Monies borrowed, pr Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments and Transfers thereof; expressiing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities; and also the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and the Days whereon the said Annuities respectively shall be payable; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons intitled to, or interested in such Annuities, shall at all seasonable Times in the Day-time have Access, with free Liberty to insped the same, without Fee or Reward.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Annuities, so to be purchased under or by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Tolls and Duties granted or made payable by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and all and every the Purchaser and Purchasers of such Annuities, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase money for the same as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they

‘shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Assignee or Affiignecs, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act* to have, receive, and enjoy, the said respective Annuity or Annuities, during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons to be nominated by each such Purchaser and Purchasers respectively, as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuities so by them respectively purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject liable to any Tax affidled upon Land, by and not liable to Authority of Parliament, or to any other parliamentary or parochial Tax whatsoever. *ny Tax.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Securitie* may intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, be transferred, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or

transfer such Securities, by Indorsement thereon, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties quot'us 5 and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said Committee or Committees, in Manner aforesaid, for every which Entry the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, cq the Benefit of the Security or Securities so affiigned or transferred.

Clerk of Commit’ce to rnicr all Securities far Monies borrowed or Annuitxs granted, sc c.

Annuities charged on the Tolls, &c.

8+

Common Council impose eJ 10 apro nt Com-juiuees*

No Member of the Con miltee to hold any Place of Profit,

&c.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions«

Proceedings not to be qu.fshed for Want of Firm, &c.

Writings may be without Stamps.

Pyrenees of this Act how to be |M‘d.

L'nrifation of Actions*

Central I flue.

[Public Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

Preambles

Commissionera fpomted j

G. 18, 19. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time, to appoint one or more Committee or Committees, to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Comment Council assembled, are hereby authorised or required to do, execute, or perform; which Committee or Committees, so to be appointed, fluff! have such Powers and Authorities as shall from Time to Time be given or delegated to them respectively, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, who are hereby accordingly authorised and impowered to delegate all or any of such Powers and Authorities.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be eligible or capable of acting as a Member of such Committee, chring such Time as he shall have or execute any OiTice or Place of Profit by or under the Authority of this Act, or during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contrail or Agreement for effecting any of the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it fur liicr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Orders or Proceedings of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, which shall be made or had under this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Stfffhns of the Peace, to be holden for the said City of London, or the said County of Middlesex, or the said County of Surry, as the Case may be; and the Justices, at such said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and finally determine every such Appeal and Appeals, and shall award to the Party or Parties fur whom such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and shall raise and levy, by their Order or Warrants, such Colls as shall be awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall he ordered to pay the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order wivch shall be made by any Justice or Justices, by virtue of or under this Act, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process uhatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Contraft, Agreement, Assignment, Entry, Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be executed, made, or given, shall be charged or chargeable* or subject or liable to any Duty whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expcrtces of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of this Act.

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fast done, and shall be laid or brought in the City of London, or the County where the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other City, County, or Place, than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff s, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant of Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whoni-soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parish of Old Svfirford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

WHEREAS, within the Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, there now are, and for many Years part have been, divers Manufactories of Iron, Glass, and Cloth, and other Trades, carried on in a very large and extensive Manner; and there are also divers Mines of 4' Coal and Clay within the said Parish, and many Thousands of Person* are constantly employed in the different Manufactories and Mines; piany of whom contract several small Debts, wh ch, in the Whole, amount yearly to a very considerable Sum of Money: And, although many such Debtors are well able to pay their respective Debts, yet they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Ducouragements their

Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put unto, and the Delays they meet

with, in suing for the same; and, as an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Parish of Old Swinford, will greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage

c Trade and Credit therein;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con Cent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Old Swinford) and the Lord or Lords of the Manor of AmbUcoaty

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii IN., C. 19.

within the said Parish of 0\i Suinford, for the Tim* b*ing, and the several Persons herein after named,

r* fi ling or having Kfrates wit.iin the Pari.'h of Old Swinford a'orefiud; (that is to say) Edward A t v t,

Thotr.es Amndel, Richard Badger, Richard Blick, Overs hate, Halter Bradley, Jofph Bradley, Thomas Bret-1 ’//, Thomas Brettell junior, Joseph hrettr/l, Richard IRettell, Ananias B' Cttell, E tward Calf r* John Cat:-fr, U ihtarn Blow Ccilis, George Collis, Joseph Cox, John Cox, Richard C' eft, ll'iilinm Croft, G/orye C> civ,

Viver Dixon Esquire, John Hrnzry Dixon, George Enfell, Robert Foley Clerk, John Fdy, J-hn F /h r Esquire, John Fojier junior, Edward Gur/i Foster, John Fowler, Jeremiah GUI, jf ft ah Gibbons, IFUUan Green, Thomas Grazebrook*, Michael Grazebrooke, I Pi lli am Grove, Charles tlarri, [Indian /Ju ris, £/-vrarj Hickman, Richard Hickman, James Hill, Thomas Hill, Thomas Hill junior, Francis Howfiy, Fra: is JEmfray junior, Jejton Hmfray, Waldron Hill, Francis HUl* Anihrfe Hollingtm, Richard Ho Jgfort, &n-r n*t I Hcdgjin, Chants Harris Clerk, Thomas Hornblower, John Homfray, John Id Jins, George Jones, jhn F'e, James Kettle, Joshua Matthews, Timothy ATiiliachap, Thomas Millwanl Esquire, Jjefib Morris, 7/7/-R am Aloft Icy, Richa’d ARje'ey, Hunger ford Oliver, Thomas Oliver, Edward Oliver, Samuel Par kes, ITiliiatn Parkes, Thomas Parker, jA/u* Penn, Nicholas Hancox Pargeter, Joseph Perkcs, John Pidcock Esquire. Tho-ft. as Pidcock, IF at ford Phillips Esquire, John Pidcock junior, Benjamin Pearfn, Benjamin Pratt, ff'dliam P:wiU, Bate Richards, Thomas Richards, Thomas Rogers Esquire, Edward Ruff el Esquire, Thomas Savage,

William Scott, John S<ott, llenry Shaiv, Francis Stokes Esquire, Francis Stokes the younger, William Ti.t9.

Thomas Tidcy, Abraham T urner Esquire, William 1Fa!Iron, Thomas Wheeler, John Wells, IFalter JFt Ikes,

Francis Hatton of Stourbridge, Francis Witton of The Heath, Francis IVitton junior, and Tin mas Woodhouse,

shall be, and are hereby declared, configured, and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all inch causes and Matiers of Debt, to be brought before them, as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners, and their Successors, shall be, and are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name who are conftf— and Stile of The Court of Requests for the Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worcester and Staf- tuted Coort °^‘ ford 5 and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and ji«.

are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to meet and assemble once in every Fortnight (that is to say), on Saturday, or oftener, if there shall beOccafnn, and hold the said Court, in some convenient Place or Places, in the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid, to be approved and fixed on from Time to Time, by the major Part of the said Commissioners, who shall be assembled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purposej the fi.ft of which said Meetings shall be held on Saturday Month next after the passing of this Act.

II. Provided always, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners appointed, or to be ap- ForWantofa-pointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding fuilkient Num— the faiu Court, thdt then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cleric of the said Court herein after ber of Coa-mif. mentioned, for the Time being, or his Deputy, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Day* ,0"er,\CkrJc within one Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or to the next General a J0urn* Court Day to be held by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, and as often as On Death or Re-,

it shall be neveflary, either by the Death or Resignation of any of the said Commissioners herein-before fi,n.t.«»n of particularly named, or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, it shall C»i?>miil»©neri, and imy he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any nine to b*

or ruorc of them, to meet and alT mhle together at any Time after such Death or Resignation, and to elect c 0 cn*

and appoint one or more Person or Persons, refi ling within the said Parish, or having Estate there, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying or rtligmng; and every such Commissioner and Commissioners, so elected and appointed, shall be, and is and are beieby cnabhd to act, in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

IV. Provided always That before any such Fledlion shall be made, twenty-one Days Notice, in after fiving

M riting, shall be gi en by the Ch rk of the fn:d Court, by affixing the same on the Door of the Par ilh twenty-one Day*.

Church of Old Swinford aforesaid, and on the Dcor of the Chapel or Church in the Town of Stourbridge Not, cc-

within the said Panih.

V. And, for the more orderly and regular Proceeding in the aforesaid Court, and to make the Hufiness thereof as cafy as may be to the said Commissioners,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Commifliwiers That the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, to to aa ,n Cause the first nine of the said Commissioners, as they (land in Order in this Act, residing within the said °or*

Parish, to be summoned by the Beadle of the said Court, to attend and do the Business of the said Court liut ^urpotes. for two Ca’endar Months then next following; and, after the Expiration thereof, shall cause the like

Number of Commissioners refiling within the said Parish, as they ftnnd next to the former in Order and

Rotation, to do the like Duty for the two then next succeeding Calendar Months, till the whole Number of Commissioners, resident as aforesaid, shall have been summoned; and dial) then begin again, and continue to summon nine Commissioners every two Calendar Months in like Rotation, in all succeeding Times, so as the said Commissioners may take upon themselves, in Rotation, the Execution of this A6E But any of those

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to exclude nrl

or debar any of the said Commissioners from fitting in the said Court, although they be not in Rotation or rcajr aa* summoned as aforesaid, but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as often as they respectively shall think fit, fit and give Judgment therein.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, CommftTi 2nd their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein-before mentioned, or any three or more of them, impmrfj from Time to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, and are authorised and im- j'v causesot. 'powered, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt, as well simple

1 Contract

86

and to award Executions, with Cods, &c.

A Clerk and Beadle appointed.

No Commission-iror Victualler to hold any Place of Profit under this Act. New Clerks anti Beadles by whom to be appointed*

Clerk to keep Lids of Commissioner* fixed up in the Court-house j

and to iflne Summonfee, &c.

and enter Pro-ceding* of the Court.

Ihadle to serve Summonses, &c.

Creditors may sue for any Debt not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than one Shilling.

How Summon*-fes shall be icrved.

Commissioners

injpovicu d lo regulate th

P c e impsvf the Court

C. 19. ' Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Contrail as Specialty, as shall be brought before them in Manner as is herein after mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Executions thereupon, with Costs, both against the Bodies, and the Goods and Chattels, of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just and most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, whose Name (lands first on the Lift of the Commissioners, herein after directed to be kept in the Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the said Court of Requests there shall be one Officer called a Clerk, and another Officer called a Beadle; and that Joseph Robins Gentleman* shall be and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and that John Edwards shall be and is hereby constituted and appointed the Beadle of the said Court of Requests; which said respective Offices, of Clerk and Beadle, they shall enjoy, and shall execute by themselves, or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, so long as they shall behave themselves well in their said Offices.

IX. Provided always, That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persons who shall keep any Victual-ling-house, Alehouse, or other public Place of Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer* spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that thd Office of Clerk or Beadle of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Misbehaviour of either of the said Officers, the Office, so become vacant, shall be executed by such Person or Persons as shall, in this Behalf, be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the respective Manors of Old Swinford and Amblecoat, for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to nominate and appoint, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, fucti Clerk and Beadle, in Consideration of, and as a Compensation for the Prejudice or Damage to, or Diminution of, the Business of the respective Courts Baron of the said respective Manors of Old Swinford and Amblecoat; the first Nomination and Appointment upon such Vacancy to be made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor of Old Swinford, for the Time being, and the next or succeeding Nomination and Appointment to be made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor of Amble-coat, for the Time being, and so alternately in all succeeding Vacancies of Clerk and Beadle; and, until such Nominations and Appointments shall be made, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, to appoint such Officers respectively, to do the Business of the said Court, until such Nominations and Appointments shall, from Time to Time, be made as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein-before named and

chosen, and his Successors, from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy,

shall make, and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Place of the Court-house, or Place where the said Court shall be from Time to Time held, fair and complete Lifts, in Writing, of the Commissioners herein-named and appointed, or to be elected and appointed, as aforesaid; and shall also issue, or cause to be issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and register and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders,'Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in Paper Books, to be from Time to Time provided by him, and kept for that Purpose; and that the Beadle herein-before named, or from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or his Deputy, shall, and he is hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts; and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by him.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and maybe lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or

have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts arising or accruing within the said Parish of Old Swinford* not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, nor Ids than the Sum of one Shilling, and due or owing to him, her, or them, by or from any Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting, residing, or trading within the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause* expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons, in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear at the next Court, to be held before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and the Beadle of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause to be served, such Summons on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Enquiry, upon the Oath of any legal Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party summoned, concerning such Demand; and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such Interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall seem most just and equitable.

XIII. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual for the Purpose intended,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act,

«7

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19.

and to administer Oaths and summon Witnesses.

from Time to Time, and as often as they shall fae Occasion, at any of their Courts, to make such Rules or Orders for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and not tend to alter the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the Clerk and Beadle of the said Court, for the Time being; or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding, of and in the said Court only 5 according to which Rules or Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as aforesaid, arising within the said Parish of Old Swinford\ not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than the Sum of one Shilling, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, and to order and decree such Cods of Suit to be paid, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conference.

XIV. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them assembled at the said Court, appear necessary to ascertain the Truth of the Matter in Litigation between the Parties; and for that Purpose to issue out a Summons or Summonses, at the Instance of either of the Parties, to all and every such Witness or Witnesses, to be and appear at such Court-day whereon the said Matter is appointed to be heard.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors* who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause to be allowed by the said Court, refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court, at the Time mentioned in the said Summons or Summonses, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made, upon Oath, of the Service of the said Summons or Summonses, in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Cods of Suit, as to them shall seem meet.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof upon Oath having been first made before them of the Service of such Summons, or in case the Plaintiff shall fail in making due Proof of such his Debt (as the Case m$y be), to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs 5 *nd to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for enforcing the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XVII. Provided always, That no Costs, to be awarded by the said Commissioners, shall, in any Case whatsoever, exceed the Sum of five Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, and he is hereby authorised and required, at the Request and Election of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Preceptor Precepts, in Execution, under his Hand and Seal, and from Time to Time to renew the same, against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, directed to the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy.; who, by virtue thereof, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties, being within the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid; and to convey him, her, or them to such Gaol, within the said Parish, as shall, from Time to*

Time, be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for that Purpose; there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, and Judgment, so as no Person* shall remain in Confinement for any longer Space of Time than forty Days, or for less than ten Days and that it shall in like Manner be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, and he is hereby authorised and required, at the like Request and Election of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept or Precepts, in Execution, under his Hand and Seal, and from Time to Time to renew the same, against the Goods of such Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, directed to the said Beadle, or his Deputy; who, by virtue thereof, shall and may, and he iiwiM -bmi% is hereby impowered and required, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party to Time renew or Parties, being within the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, the fane.

a* shall be so ordered and decreed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any-three or more of them, shall at any Time, *upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several Payments, or by Installments, which they are hereby authorised and impowered to order and decree at their Discretion; then, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments or Installments so ordered and decreed*, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and

Commissionerr to make Decree, though Defen-, darn does noc appear.

On Non-appearance of Plaintiff',-Commissioner may award Costs.

Costs not to exceed 5 a.

Commissioner* may award Execution against Bod7or Goods, dec.

Clerk may iflkfcr’ a Precept, in* Execution, against the Goods, &c. and from Time

Court may order Debts to be paid by installmentt,* &c«

may,.

88

Process shall not

issue a gain ft Goods, &c. in certain cases.

On ^r-curon.

Clerk to i Hoise Debt and Culls.

In what CaOrs Execution may be superseded.

Beadle fuffiring Escape, tec. to pay the D.bt.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Penalty on

acting, if not qua.ihed.

Comm'fiionfts to be sworn.

The Oath.

Clerk to admi-nnlc; tiic la.i.e.

Mrnjcral her tot *n be re^iIc.td.

C. 19. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777

may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof, as shall then icm.iiti unpaid, tc get her with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable; to be recovered by the same Process or Precept, and in like Manner as is herein-before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to im-nower the Cleric of the said Court to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any such Order, Judgment, or Decree, as aforesaid, shall have obtained any Warrant or Process, as aforesaid, against the Body or Bodies of the same Person or Persons, unless such Person or Persons shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart from or out of the said Parish of Old Swinford, to avoid being apprehended and taken by virtue of such lait mentioned Warrant or Process.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatLever, the Clerk, who issues the same, shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered and decreed to be paid: And if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such rcccpt, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over -such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment, or Satisfaction, in the Book or Register of the said Court, for such Debt and Costs; and also the S im of two Shillings to the Beadle for Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have beep committed to Prison, or his Goods shall be distrained upon, and not fold; then, and in such Case or cases, the Execution shall he superseded, and the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ft the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect, or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape; or the Goods of such Party or Patties so distrained upon, to be carried away, embezzled, or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Beadle to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, for which the said Execution wfas awarded, to the Party complaining; and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as are herein-before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless, at the Time of his so acting, he shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Poflfflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds above Reprises, or possessed of a personal Estate to the Value of six hundred Pounds: And if any Person or Persons made incapable to act, for the causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall fus for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor or Plaintiff, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall b? crp ib!e

of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect:

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and hone flly, according to the best of my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and Caufts as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, intituled, yin did for the more enfy and speedy Recovery of Small Delis within the Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford; without Favour or A (left ion, Prejudice or Malice, to cither Party. So help me GOD.

Which Oath the Clcik of the said Court, hereby name I, is hereby, at the first Court or Meeting to be held by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of tlntn, in pursuance of this Act, iir.pov.e ed and required to administer, to all and every Commissioner and Commissioners, in open Court, and in the Presence of three or more of such Commissioners; and in like Manner, at any subsequent Court, the Clerk of the Lid Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer the said Oath, in open Court, to all and every such other Commissioner and Commissioners not having qualified hintftlf as aforesaid, at such first Court or Meeting; of all which Oath and Oaths, so to be taken as afore mentioned, the said Clerk of the said Court shall cause a Memorial to be entered in the Register of the Lid Coirt amongst the Proceedings of such Days respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Ftcs h* rein-after Embed and expressed, and r.o other, shall be taken by the said Cle<k and Beadle, or their Successors, for their Lver.il and respective Sen ices in the Execution of this Act \ that is to say:

Ta

O.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. 89

To the CLERK* Table of fee*.

1 For entering every Cause, Threepence. c For issuing every Summons, Threepence.

For every Subpoena,' Threepence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For every Nonsuit, Threepence.

For every Search in the Books, Twopence.

For paying Money into Court, Fourpence.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Books, Fourpence*

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant or Commitment, Threepence.

To the BEADLE.

For Service of every Summons, Fourpence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Twopence.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant* against the Body or Goods, one Shilling and Sixpence.’

Application «f Pentltiet#

Clerk or Beadle

may be discharged for Misbehaviour.

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court in some To be hung up conspicuous Part of the said Court-house, or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, (o that all Court-Persons.ifoncerned may fee and examine the same. ou e.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk or Beadle of the said Penalty on OS Court, for the Time being, shall take any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are herein-before eers taking mentioned for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he or they shall, for every such Offence, greater Fee*, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, upon Complaint made to them, and due Proof, upon Oath, first made before them, of the Truth of such Complaint, shall order, assess, and impose; to be applied to the Relief of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be then, or at any Time after, in the Prison or Gaol of the said Court of Requests, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall order and direct; or otherwise to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor within the respective Divisions of the Parish of Old Sioinford aforesaid, for the Use of the Poor thereof, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners imposing such Fine or Fin?s as aforesaid; the same to be levied (if not paid on Demand) by Distref# and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Commissioners, or Any nine or more of them, by whom such Complaint shall be heard, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk or Beadle shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than before-mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof made, upon Oath, in open Court, the said Commissioners, then fitting, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by a Notice, in Writing, to be affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church of Old Sivinford aforesaid, and on the Door of the said Chapel in the Town of Stourbridge aforesaid, to meet at some convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then present, not being less than nine in Number, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, so assembled or met, or to the major Part of them, that the said Clerk or Beadle hath been guilty of any such Misbehaviour, or Breach of Duty, as aforesaid, in his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, then assembled, to suspend or remove such Clerk or Beadle from his said Office, and another Person or Persons shall be thereupon appointed in his Room, in such Manner as is by this Act directed for such Appointment.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said Court, for the Time being, shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause, Matter, or Thing, depending in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in hearing and determining the same, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein; but, after being heard in the said Cause,

shall withdraw from the said Court, until the same be finally determined: And if the Clerk or Beadle of the said Court, for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Beadle shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may, and are hereby authorised to depute and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Beadle respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause.

XXIX. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners of the said Court may be verted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, during their fitting in the said Court, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or shall obstruct the Process

ComTTiiflloner* or Officers not to act where iatereiled.

Anv Person in;

fulting the Couu,

90

shall be fined.

Fines may be levied by Dill refs.

t!opy of the last preceding Clause shall be hung up in the Cuurt.

Defendants may plead geiuyjlly in bar of Actions

under 40 s. &c.

roviso*

No Attorney to have Privilege or Practice in this Court.

To what Debts this Act shall Act extend.

Penalty on Periods guilty of Perjury.

Persons neglect-irg to obey Suaompnfe^ &c.

C. 19. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

thereof, it shall anti may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, directing such Beadle to apprehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in and for the said Counties of Worcester or Stafford; and, upon the Fast alledged being proved, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice is hereby impowered to impose any Fine on such Person or Persons so offending, as aforesaid, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice, before whom the said Offender or Offenders shall be convicted; and paid and applied by such Justice in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied: And if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fines, in Manner as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied by D stress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods; or, in Default thereof, to commit such Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Worcester or Suffot'd9 wherein such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay such Fine,

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed up, in some public Part of the said Court-house, or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this A cl, to the Intent that no Person shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action upon the Case, upon an Assumpsit, for Recovery of any Debt, to be sued or prosecuted Pgainst ary Person or Persons aforesaid, in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or elsewhereout of the said Courts of Requests, the Plaintiff* shall declare for any Sum of Money not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, the Defendant or Defendants may plead generally, in Bar of such Action, that the Cause of Action arose, and that nt the Time of commencing such Arftion, he, she, or they, was or were inhabiting and resident within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, and was or were liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other Matter specially: And in case the Plaintiff, in any such Action, shall declare for forty Shillings, or any Sum of Money exceeding forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally, over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant was not at the Time of commencing such Action indebted unto the Plaintiff in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially: where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded, as aforesaid; and if the Plaintiff be norfuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment be given on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have full Costs.

XXXII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants for the Recovery of the said Debt or Debts in the said Court of Requests j any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, being served with a Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the same Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgment thereof; nor shall any Attorney or Solicitor be allowed to plead in the said Court, as an Advocate (or any Party in any Suit depending in the said Court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Ciufe, concerning any last Will and Testament, or Matrimonial Contract, or the Breach thereof, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court; nor for Money won at or by Means of any Horlc-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture of any Penal Statute, or Bye-law; nor to any Debt exceeding one Shilling, contracted for Ale, Beer, Cyder, Spirituous or other Liquors, and drank by any Person in a public House in one Day; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the iame, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons making Oath or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to the Law, such Person and Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties, as any other Per on and Persons, convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, residing within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued out of the said Court, to give Evidence on Behalt of any Plaintiff or Defendant, dial I neglect or refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the said Court, to which Inch Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for the Party at whose Inftmre such Subpoena or Summons issued, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, afleoibled in open Court, and weighing the Cause so shewn* and adjudging the same to be inefficient.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19, 20. 91

cient, to impose and levy a Fine not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if tobefined.J not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whole Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- CUufe for retained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to extend, to extinguish, restrain, alter, serving juris-annul, take away, or otherwise prejudice, the Jurisdiction of any ancient Courts Baion, held by the said respective Lords of the said respective Manors of Old Swinford and Amblecoat, or any other Manor within aron* the said Parish of Old Swinford, and their Predecessors, Time immemorial, within the said respective Manors, or any of the Rights, Privileges, and Franchises thereto belonging; but that Pleas shall and may be held in the said Courts, of all Debts, Matters, and Things, within the said respective Manors, and all Persons may sue and be sued in the same Courts, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thine herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action at Law shall be Limitation of brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by virtue of this Act, till afteh twenty Days Act, on* Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such* Action shall be intended to be so brought, thereby setting forth the Cause of such Action} and in Default only of any Tender or sufficient Amends being made within that Time, by such Person or Persons, to the Parties so aggrieved, and causing such Notice to be given; and that every Action brought for any Thing done as aforesaid, shall be commenced within the Space of three Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, and shall be laid in the Counties of Worcester or Stafford\ in which of those Counties the Cause shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the same was done Geneul Issue, by virtue thereof: And if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of twenty Days after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of three Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties so aggrieved; then, and in every the Cases aforesaid, the Jury on the Trial of such Action shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where any Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be non-suited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have and recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Treble Cost* any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed. Public* Act# and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XX.

An Act for continuing two Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or oneftxtb Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burnt-island, and Liberties thereof for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the preamb’e. First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Ster- Atb 6 Geo. I#

ling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Toiun of Burntisland, and Liberties there- of for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein Mentioned; it was en-

acted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty,

for the Term of twenty five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there should be laid on an Imposition or Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or the sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and

above the Duty of Excise paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), upon every Sects Pint of Ale or Beer that should be, for Sale, either brewed, brought in, or vended, tapped, or fold,

within the said Town and Privileges thereof, and should be paid by the Brewers, Vintners, Sellers, and

Tapsters, of such Ale and Beer, for and during the said Term of twenty-five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Town of Burnt- if and, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and Assigns, for the Die

of the Community of the said Town: And whereas by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign an<^ JO Geo. II. 4 of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, faffed in lecitcJ.

the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fir/l, intituled, 41 An Act for laying a Duty ot Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part ofk Penny Sterling, up in every Scots Pinto? Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burntifand, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the public Revenue of the €i said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned it was enacted, That the before-mentioned Act,

made in the sixth Year of his Majesty King George the Full, and all the Duties, Powers, Authorities,

and Clauses therein contained (except such as are thereby altered or varied), should be rev ived, made payable, and continued, and Qiould be and continue in full Force and Effect, from and after the twenty-

92

Thr Dufy oft Ale or Beer, granted by the above-rectted Acts, further continued for 31 Years,

Perfors brewing for the frifJte

IT ft- of their own Pair il c«, not cher^eible.

The Duty to be levied, &c. in the same Manner as uodrr the former Acts*

No Brewer

without the

Borough of Burntisland to import any Ale or Beer into the fume, till he has given Notice to the Magistrate?, Ire,

[Penalty.]

New* OvefftfiS a I. pointed.

C. 20. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, for and during the further or additional Term of thirty-one Years* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted, cannot be completed within the Term granted

by the said two recited Acts, and as a Prolongation of the said Acts would be of great Advantage to the

Community of the said Borough of Burntisland and to the Public :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice an J Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Imposition or Duty granted and made payable by the said Acts upon Ale or Beer* that shall be either brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Lid Town and Privileges thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, be further continued, raiftd, levied, collected, paid, and made payable, to the Provost, Magistrates and Town Councilor the Borough of Burntisland, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Assigns, or to such Collectors or Receivers as shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this present Act, be by them, or the major Part of them, appointed and impowered, for the Use of the Community of the said Borough, for the further Term of thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person rcliding within the said Borough of BurmiJIand, or Liberties thereof, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, be liable in Payment of, or chargeable with the aforesaid Duty by this Act laid and made payable, for any Quantity or Quantities of Ale or Beer brewed by such Person for the private Use of his or her own Family, and not for Sale, unless such Person be an actual Brewer of Ale or Beer for Sale, or a Vender, Tapper, or Seller of Ale or Beer; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Impcfttion or Duty shall, during the said additional Term, be raised, levied, and collected from the same Persons, and by the same Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied to and for the same Uses and Purposes; and that the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, and their Successors for the Time being, be and continue Trustees for such Application, with the same Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Directions, as are mentioned and prescribed in the said recited Acts; and that the said Acts, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be of the same Force and Effed, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, collecting, securing, and levying the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the same to the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, so far as these are not already executed, for and during the additional Term of Years for which the same are hereby granted, as if the said above-recited Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, except as is herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, it shall not be lawful for any Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, to import or tell any Beer or Ale into or in the said Borough and Liberties thereof, unless he, she, or they do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of the said Borough, or their Collector of the said Duty, at his Office or Dwelling-house, and agree to be subjected to and charged with the Payment of the said Duty, for all the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough and Liberties thereof, for and during the Space of one whole Year next after and immediately following the Date of such Notice and Agreement made to and with the Magistrates of the said Borough of Burntisland, or their said Collector, and so long thereafter as such Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer shall continue to import or sell Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, during the Continuance of this Act; and that every such Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer, who shall import or fell any Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, without having given such previous Notice, and agreed as aforesaid, being thereof duly convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall be charged with and liable to the Payment of the said Duty to the Piovoft, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Borough, or their Collector, for all Ale and Beer brewed by him or her for the Space of twelve Months immediately preceding his or her committing such Offence, and thereafter so long as he or she shall continue to import or sell Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, within the aforesaid Term of Years for which this present Act is granted.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the puffing of this present Act, the Honourable James IVemyfs of IVemyfs, Robert Ferguson of Raith, James Saint Clair of Saint Clair, ('laud BcJueH of Ralmuto, Alexander AH Jon of North Glafmont, James ?ovenfend Oswald of Dunnik'nry Robert Beatfon of Killry, William IVemyfs of Cut I chill, John Bruce of Grangemyre, James Stuart of Binnendy James Rnthcrfcord of Glendovan, James Robertson of Newbigging, Esquires; the Knight of the Shire to Live in Parliament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgess to serve in Parliament Dr the Time being for the District of Boroughs whereof Burntisland is one, or any three or more of them, (ha!) be, 2nd are hereby appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, in Place and Stead of the Overseers appointed by the above-recited Acts; and shall have, and are hereby veiled with the same Powers, and under the same Regulations, as are in and by the said recited Acts granted and given to the said former Overseers; any Thing in the said former Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said two former Acts, and this present Act, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be Public Acts: and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 21, 22. 93

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty;

---

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of your Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty $ Hoijtbcld, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain), it was enabled (among other Tilings), That there should be granted and continued to your Majesty, and issuing and payable out of the Fund called The Aggregate Fund, during your Majesty's Life, the clear yearly Rent or Sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand Pounds, during the Continuance of the several Annuities therein mentioned; and immediately from and after the Detcrmi- nation of one or more of the said Annuities, such clear yearly Sum, over and above, and in Addition to, the said yearly Rent or Sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand Pounds, as the Annuity or 4 Annuities so determined shall have amounted to; and in case of the Determination of all the said Annuities, then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly Rent or Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid out of the said Fund, for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, from the twenty-fifth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in Manner therein particularly mentioned, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the Revenue to which your Majesty is intit*led by virtue of the said Act, bath been found inadequate to, and inefficient for the Purposes for which it was granted; and it is therefore just and expedient that a more competent Provision should be made for the better Support of your Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, with Hearts full of the warmest Duty and Gratitude for the inellimable Blessings which your Subjects do enjoy under your Majesty's most auspicious Government, do pray your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there be granted to his Majesty, during his Life (which God long preserve), over and besides the yearly Rent or Rents, or Sum or Sums of Money in and by the aforesaid Act granted to his Majesty, the further Revenue or yearly Rent of one hundred thousand Pounds, to commence from and after the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fevrn; and that the said yearly Rent or Sum shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of, the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, and any other the Duties and Revenues which do or shall compose the said Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to be paid out of the same); but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there be iiiucd and paid to his Majesty, out of the Duties and Revenues composing the said Fund, the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, being so much of the yearly Rent or Sum hereby granted as will then have accrued and become due and payable from the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and that from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the said additional yearly Rent or Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds shall grow due and be payable to his Majesty at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and together with the yearly Rent or Sum granted by the aforesaid Ad1 of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, quarterly, at the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, The fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January, by even and equal Portions, out of the Monies of the said Aggregate Fund, the first quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven: And the Comrr.ifiioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, and the high Treasurer, Chancellor and Under-treasurer of the Ex-chemier, for the Time being, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, shall, and may, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual, as are in and by the Lid recited Act authorised, required, or directed to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, concerning the several Payments thereby directed, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, concerning the paying, issuing, or applying such yearly Rents or Sums as are therein mentioned, were in this Behalf particularly repeated and re-enacted,

CAP. XXII.

An Act for opening Communications between Wappingflrcet and Ratclif-highway) and between Old*Gravel-lane and Virginia street; and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other Streets and public Passages and Places within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping) in the County of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

Acf 1 Geo. III. recited.

From January f, 1777, an additional 100,000U per Annum granted to his Majesty dur.ng his Life 5 payable out of the Abrogate Fund,

The first Payment to his Majesty to be on

July 5. 1777!

after which to be paid quarterly, &c.

94 C. 23 - 26. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for lighting and watching the Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End next Blackman-street, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington) in the County of Surrey s to the Bridge at Walworth) in the same Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places, therein described, communicating therewith.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for expediting the Sale of Estates in Scotland belonging to the York-buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors.

[Preamble.]

Recital of Acts 2 Gul & Mar. 4 Geo. I. 6 Geo. I. and 7 Geo. I. Company borrowed 14 io%coo/. A3 3 Geo. III. recited. (Tourt of Session, on proper Application, to fell all the Lands, life, " in Scotland\ belonging to the Company, by public Au3ion: But, upon Cause shewn bjr the Company, life. may adjourn the Sale of any Parts thereof. After the Sale, and Security given, (Solirt of Session to pronounce Decrees of Sale in favour of Purchasers. If the Ranking of Creditors be- not settled before Payment of Purchase money, Purchasers to hold the same at Interest, life. Court of Session to pro- ceed in the Sale, and in Ranking and Cldfiing Creditors, life. And may issue Warrants for Payment of Creditors found preferable, life. Court of Session, at the Suit of any Person interested, to take an Account of the Rents received by the Annuitants, life. Upon the Determination of the Annuities, life. 44 the Estates of the Company shall be declared free. The Nomination of new Trustees by the Creditors, confirmed. Trustees to give Notice in The London Gazette when the Creditors Money shall be dire3ed 44 to be paid to them, life. Certificate of the Accountant general, life, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Trustees. Trustees to be respectively answerable for their own Acts, life. Expences of this Act how to be paid. General Saving."

CAP. XXV.

An Act for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the Town of ll'oiverhatnpton, in the County of Stafford\ and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain Buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other Nuisances, and ia£roachments, and for legulating Carts and other Carriages within the said Town.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities-, and for the better Protection of

Infants against such Grants.

WHEREAS the pernicious Pra3ice of raising Money by the Sale of Life Annuities hath of late Years greatly increased, and is much promoted by the Secrecy with which such Transa3ions are

concluded be it therefore ena3<d by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

&c. for grating Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Life Annui'ics, by the Authority of the same, That a Memorial of every Deed, Bo fid, Instrument. or other Assurance, whereby any Annuity or Rent-charge shall, from and afrcF’thrf"pafTTn^ of this Act, be granted for one or eendon thereof" more Life or Lives, nr for any Term of Years or greater Estate determinable on one or more Life or Lives, K inroMedin shall, within twenty Days of the Execution of such Deed, Bond, Instrurr.ent, or other Assurance, he in the Court of rolledTn the ftigh Court of Chancery; and that every such Memorial shall contain the Day of the Month.

[Preamble.]

A Memorial of a'l Deeds, Bonds,

Chancery; and the Year when the Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance, bears Date, an>. mte Name of all *hich shall con- partipc. and fnr wKnm anu of rhf»m are Ttnftceg, and of alj the Witnesses.; and shall set forth the

Naro^I^f the Person or Perlor^ For^whnfe L i fe or Lives the An-

tan the Date, Names of the Pa'ties, Wir-neHls, &c. ether-wifs every such Deed, Bond, &c. (h ill he void. Bero e Judgment ftia’l bs en*eted of Record upon any Warrant of Atto-nry for recovering any Annul ?v e!re. dy

the Parties, and for whom any of them. are^T

annual Sum or Sums to be paid* and the Name *-

nuity is grantej7 and the Consideration "or Consideration^ of granting thg. forge; otherwise every such Deed, Bond, Instrument, or.other Assurance, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted, That before any Judgment shall be entered nf Record upon any Warrant of Attorney for recovering or securing the Payment of any Annuity or Rent-charge that hath already been granted for one or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years or greater Estate determinable upon one or more Life or Lives, and before, any Execution shall he sued out, or A.3ion brought on any such Judgment already entered, or jm any Deed, Bond, InstrumcfiL or other Assurance already executed for the Purposes aforesaid, a likTl^moriaf of the Deed, Bond^ Instrument, or other A durance, shall be in rolled in the High Court of Chancery; and in case the Party shall negle3 to inrol the same, any such Judgment, Execution, or Proceeding in the Action respectively, shall be null and void.

granted, and before Execution shall be sued out, &c. on ary Judgment already entered, fee. a Mem'rial shall be ii.rolled as aforesaid.

All future Deeds

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Deed, Instrument, or other Annu^ieTflaail Assurance, whereby any Annuity or Rent-charge shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted, con ai n die Co n - or attempted to be granted, the Consideration really and b:,

fidera ion, ard

tile Nairn S of tUr Part ts, m Words atUntth.

If any Part of the Con f delation shall be

bonafide (which shall be in Money only), and also the Name or Names of tfre Person or PersonsTby whom, and on vidirTeTlehalf, the fid Consideration^ or any Part thereof, shall be advanced, shall be fully and truly set forclTand deTci^edJn^Vords at Length

amTin case the same Thai] not he fully and truly set forth and deferi"bed, eVerTTuch Deed, Instrument, or other Assurance, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Part of the Consideration shall be returned to the Person advancing the same* or, in case the Consideration, or any Part of it, is paid in Notes, if airy of the

Notes,

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 26, 27.

Notes, with the Privity and Consent of the Person advancing the same, shall not be paid when due, or shall be cancelled or destroyed without being fi-ft p ‘id; or if the Consideration, or any Part of it, is paid in Goods j or if any Part of the Considericion is letained on Pretence of answering the future Payments of the Annuity, or any other Pretence; in all and every of the aforesaid cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Person, by whom the Annuity or Rent-charge is made payable, to apply to the Court, in which any Action is brought for Payment of the Annuity on Judgment entered, by Motion, to stay Proceedings on the Judgment or Action; and if it shall appear to the Court that such Practices as aforesaid, or any of them, have been used, it shall and may be lawful for the Court to order the Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance, to be cancelled, and the Judgment, if any has been entered, to be vacated.

V. And be it further enacted, That a particular Roll shall be provided and kept by the Clerks of the Inrollments in Chancery, or their Deputy, on which such Memorials shall be entered, and that every such Memorial shall be duly inrolled in order of Time, as the same shall be brought to the Office; and the said Clerks of the Inrollments, or their Deputy, shall specify upon the Roll the certain Day, Hour, and Time, on which such-Memorial is brought to the Office, and shall grant a Certificate of the Inrollment thereof when required; and that there shall be paid for the Inrollment of every such Memorial the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, in case the same do not exceed two hundred Words but if such Memorial shall exceed'two hundred Words, then afrer the Rate and Proportion of Sixpence for every one hundred Words, and the like Fees for every Certificate and Copy given; and the Fee of one Shilling for every Search in the Office, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts for the Purchase of any Annuity with any Person being under the Age of twenty-one Years, shall be and remain utterly void, any Attempt to confirm the same, afrer such Person shall have attained the Age of twenty-one Years, notwithstanding: And that if any Person shall, either in Person, by* Letter, Agent, or otherwise howsoever, procure, engage, solicit, or 2(k any Person, being under the Age of twenty-one Years, to grant or attempt to grant any Annuity or Rent-charge, or to execute any Bond, Deed, or other Instrument, for securing the same; or shall advance or procure, or treat for any Money to be advanced to any Person under the Age of twenty-one Years, upon Consideration of any Annuity or Rent-charge to be secured or granted by such Infant, after he or (lie shall have attained his or her Age of twenty-one Years; or shall induce, solicit, or procure any Infant, upon any Treaty or Transaction for Money advanced, on to be advanced, to make Oath, or to give his or her Word of Honour or solemn Promise, that he or she will not plead Infancy, or make any other Defence against the Demand of any such Annuity or Rent-charge, or the Repayment of the Money advanced to him or her when under Age; or that when he or she comes of Age, he or she will confirm or ratify, or in any way substantiate such Annuity or Rent charge; every such Person shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Court of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, shall and may be punished for the said Offence by Fine, Imprisonment, or other Corporal Punishment, as the Court shall think fit to award.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Solicitors and Solicitor, Scriveners and Scrivener, Brokers and Broker, and other Persons or Person, who, from and afier the passing of this Act, shall ask, demand, accept, or receive, directly or indirectly, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Kind of Gratuity or Reward, for the soliciting or procuring the Loan, and for the Brokerage of any Money that shall be actually and bona fide advanced and paid as and for the Price or Consideration of any such Annuity or Rent-charge, over and above the Sum of ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds so actually and Iona file advanced and paid, shall he deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and being lawfully convicted of such Offence in any Court of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, shall and may, for every such Offence, be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or one of them, at the Uifcretion of the Court; and that the Person or Persons who shall have paid or given any Sum or Sums of Money, Gratuity or Reward, shall be deemed a competent Witness or Witnesses to prove the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Annuity or Rent-charge given by Will or by Marriage Settlement, or for the Advancement of a Chrid; nor ux sny Annuity or Rent-charge secured upon Lands of equal or greater annual Value, whereof the Grantor was 1fcfze<nr^ee-ftmplc or in Fee-tall in Poffiflioh at the Time of the Grant, or Secured by the actual Trans-tcr ot STock in ary of the Public Funds, the Dividends whereof are of equal or greater annual Value than the said Annuity; nor to any voluntary Annuity granted without regard to pecuniary Consideration s -nor to any Annuity or~R~e~nt-charge granted by any Body Corporate, or under any Authority or I ru|F created hv Act of Parliament; nor to any Annuity where the Sum to be paid does not exceed ten Pounds" annually, unless there be more than one such last mentioned Annuity from the same Grantor or Grantors, to or in Trust for the same Person or Persons.

95

retjrneH^or iny Nates shall not b" pa;d when due. &c.

the Court miy order the D ed to be cancelled, tec.

Directions relating to the Inrol-mont of Memorials.

The Clerk* Fees.

A’l Contract for the Purchase of Amiuiies V/ th any Person under 21 Year) of Age, to be void.

Any Person who shall procure ct f-any Mi-n r to grant an Annuity, &c.

shall be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, Ac#

Solicitors, Scri-vcncis, &c. who shall take mire than 10 s. pot* tool, for procuring Money for Annuities,

/hall be punished by Fine and Im-p. ifonment, dec.

Certrn Cases to which this Act shall not extend*

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland.

WHEREAS the Drawback allowed by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the p,

Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, an Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Cujhrns a^i^Gco upon the Exportation of Da to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback rc^t*d. l° 4 upon Foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of Britiftw/W* Cordage \ for allowing the Importation of Rice from the Briiiffi Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpoole, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to impower

96

A Drawback to be allowed of the whole Duties of Customs on Tea, on the Exportation thereof to Ireland*

Preamble; reciting an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

Such Parr of the above-rctiied Act as is expired, is hot by revived, and continued until Mjfcb 15, 1778,

C. 28. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by Law, upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country for Sale); upon the Importation of Tea into Ireland from this Kingdom, will cease on the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven: And whereas it may tend to promote and encourage the Import-

ation of Tea into Ireland from this Kingdom, if the Whole of the Duties of Customs,’ payable upon the Importation of Teas, were to be allowed to be drawn back upon all Teas sold at the Public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which shall be exported to Ireland after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Teas sold at the Public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or which shall be imported, by Licence, in pursuance of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duly of four Shillings per Pound freight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain; and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Teay and other Duties of Excise; and for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another), which shall at any Time, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, be exported from this Kingdom as Merchandise to Ireland, the Whole of the Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation of such Teas 5 which Drawback or Allowance shall be made to the Exporter, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Securities, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in and by the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in and by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four\ and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Jucn Teas); and in and by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Muffins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Tears we thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventyffour) for allowing further Time to the said Company to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remain unfold on the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time 5 and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee \ and for granting further Time for allovjing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three) \ or by any other Act of Parliament now in Force, so far as the same respectively concern the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses relating thereto were again repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Ar* ticlesy to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles \ as expired on the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies fn America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Peaje to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Exe- cut ion his Majestys Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of iTbeaty and other Articles

Liberty was given to export, at any Time or Times before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, from certain Ports in this Kingdom, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies; and also to export, from certain Ports in this Kingdom, certain Quantities of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, Nova Scotiay Bay Chaleur9 and Labrador, for the Benefit of the British Fishery carried on in those Parts: And whereas it is expedient that the like Liberty should be granted and continued for a further Time * may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Part of the said recited as expired on the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, he revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Foice and Virtue until the twenty-fifth Day of March> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

29; 97

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manufacturing of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea, and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise! in respect to Tea.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with refbeft to Starchy Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate)% it is enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Sep- t ember y one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, if any Person or Persons who should be a Dealer in or Seller of Tea, should dye, fabricate, or manufacture any Sloe Leaves, Liquorish Leaves, or the Leaves of Tea that had been used, or the Leaves of any other Tree, Shrub, or Plant, in Imitation of Tea, or should mix, colour, (lain, or dye, such Leaves or Tea, with Terra Japonica, Sugar, Molasses, Clay, Logwood, or with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever; or should fell and vend, utter, or offeror expose to Sale, or should have in his, her, or their Custody, any such dyed, fabricated, or manufactured Leaves, in Imitation of Tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed Leaves, or Tea mixed with any of the Materials before mentioned, or with any other Ingredients whatsoever, such Person or Persons should respectively, for every Pound of such Leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured in Imitation of Tea, and for every Pound of such mixed, coloured, stained, or dyed Leaves or Tea, forfeit and pay the Suit* of ten Pounds; And whereas great Quantities of Sloe Leaves, and Leaves of Ash, Elder, and other Trees, Shrubs, and Plants, are dyed, fabricated, and manufactured in Imitation of Tea, by divers Pei foils who sell the same so dyed, fabricated, and manufactured, to other Persons being Dealers in Tea, Smugglers, and others, by whom the said manufactured Leaves are mixed with Tea, and k id and vended as true and real Tea; bur, by reason that the Persons so dying, fabricating, and manufacturing the said Leaves, are not Dealers in, or Sellers of Tea, they are not punishable for the said Offences by the Laws now in being, whereby such evil Practices are increased to a very great Degree, so the Injury and Destruction of great Quantities of Timber, Woods, and Underwoods, the Prejudice of the Health of his Majesty's Subjects, the Diminution of the Revenue, the Ruin of the fair Trader, and to the Encouragement of Idleness; for Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of such Frauds and Abuses for the future,’ be it enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majdiy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the full Day of Junty one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether he, she, or they, be a Dealer or Dealers in, or a Seller or Sellers of Tea, or not, shall dye, fabricate, or manufacture, any Sloe Leaves, Liquorish Leaves, or the Leaves of Tea that have been used, or the Leaves of any Aih, Elder, or other Tree, Shrub, or Plant, in Imitation of Tea, or shall mix, colour, (tain, or dye, any such Leaves with Terra Japonica, Copperas, Sugar, MolalLs, Clay, Logwood, or with any other Ingredients or Materials-whatsoever, or shall fell or vend, utter, or offer or expose to Sale, or dull have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any such dyed, fabricated, or manufactured Leaves in Imitation of Tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed Leaves, or any Leaves*that should be dying, fabricating, or manufacturing in Imitation of Tea, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, District, or Place, wherein such Offence shall have been committed; such Person or Persons shall respectively, for every Pound of such Leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured in Imitation of Tea, or dying, fabricating, or manufacturing in Imitation of Tea, and for every Pound of such mixed, stained, or dyed Leaves of Tea, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds-; and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Pail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, nor less than six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid.

II. And it is further enacted by the Authority ‘aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Quantity (exceeding six Pounds Weight) of Sloe Leaves, or the Leaves of Ash, Elder, or any other 'Pice, Shrub, or Plant, green or manufactured, and shall not prove, to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, that such Leaves were gathered with the Consent of the Owners of the Trees, Shrubs, or Plants, from which the said Leaves were taken, and that such Leaves were gathered for some other Use or Uses, and not for the Purpose of fabricating and manufacturing the same in imitation of Tea, and shall be thereof convicted, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness nr Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, District, or Place, where such Leaves shall be so found, such Person or Persons shall respectively, for every Pound of such green or manufactured Leaves so found in his, her, or their Custody or Poflvfiion, as a for < said, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Nonpayment thereof, Inch justice or Justices fnali commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, nor less than six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, or other Person or Persons, shall have Cause to suspect that any such Leaves -dyed, fab.icated, or manufactured, or Leaves dying, fabricating, or manufacturing, in Imitation of Tea, or Leaves intended so to be dyed, fabricated, or manufactured* shall be hid, concealed, or lodged, in any

[Preamble.]

Act Geo. II. recited.

Any Person who, after June r, 1777, shall dye or manufacture, in Im.ti'ir-n of Tea, any Leave* Of Tea that have been uM, or any Sice, Li-qncriOj, or Elder L-a^c«, &c. or Gull (ell, or ofl\r to fell the same. Sec. shall, on Conviction, forfeit 5l. for every Pound of such Leaves To uyed, Sec,

Penalty on Persons having more th.n six Pounds of any such Leave* in their PofiVIGon* Except, &c.

If any Officer of Ex tile, &c. shall make Oarh before a Justice that he u pcft»

98

C. 29.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

toy Inch Laves as aforesaid an concealed, such Justice may grant a fpcdal Warrant for an-teiing any Place in Search of the same*

All such Leaves so found, to be dcftro>e4> Sec,

Penalty on Persons obAraffcing Officers in Search of such Leases, See,

Certain Cases in which Leaves found concealed shall not be destroyed, dec.

Occupiers of Houses, dec* wherein any such Leaves dull be found, if lodged there with their Consent, Audi be liable to the Penalties of this Act.

Application of the Forfeiturea.

Inhabitants of She Pa rift to be admitted as Evidence,

Justices to put this Act in Execution*

Convifliona of Uffend'eit to be aruided to the

Place whatsoever; then, and in such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division,’ District, or Places Where the same shall be so suspected to be hid, concealed, or lodged, fettinfe forth the Ground of such his, her, or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants under his or their respective Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night-time, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspeCfc the said dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or other the said Leaves, shall be so hid, concealed, or lodged, and to seize fend carry away as forfeited all such Leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or dying, fabricating, or manufacturing, or intended to be so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, which he or they shall so find bid, concealed, or lodged, together with all and Angular the Waggons, Carts, Boxes, Bags, Tubs, or other Vessels, or Package, containing the same: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices so granting the said Warrant, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, District, or Place, wherein such Seizure shall be made, on Proof of the Premises, by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Seal, Hands or Seals respectively, to order the said dyed, fabricated, or other Leaves, so seized as aforesaid, to be conveyed to some convenient Place, and there to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, and to order the said Waggons, Carts, Boxes, Bags, Tubs, Or other Vessels or Package, containing the same as aforesaid, to be forthwith fold, and the Money arising by such Sale, after deducing the Charges of such Seizure and Sale, and of the burning or otherwise destroying of the said Leaves, to go and be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed: And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct, or hinder such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons having such Authority as aforesaid, from entering such Places where he or they shall suspect such Leaves to be so hid, concealed, or lodged, or in seizing, carrying away, burning, or otherwise destroy ing the same, or in seizing, carrying away, or felling the said Carts, Waggons, Boxes, Bags, Tubs, dr other Vessels or Package, containing the same as aforesaid, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sidn of fifty Pounds each, on Conviction thereof, determined by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, District, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; and upon Nonpayment of the said Forfeiture, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, nor less than six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such green and unmanufactured Leaves, so found hid, concealed, or lodged, as aforesaid, shall be burnt or otherwise destroyed, if the Owner or Owners thereof shall, within twenty*four Hours after such Seizure, prove, to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices granting the said Warrant for seizing such Leaves, or any other

Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, District, or Place, where the ame shall be so seized, that the said green or unmanufactured Leaves were gathered with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Trees, Shrubs, or Plants, from which the said Leaves were taken, and that the same were so gathered for some other Use or Uses, and not for the Purpose of dying, fabricating, or manufacturing, in Imitation of Tea, as aforesaid 5 and if such Proof shall, within the Time aforesaid, be made to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, then the said green or unmanufactured Leaves, together with the Carriages, Vessels, and Package, in which the same shall have been so seized, shall be forthwith restored to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Order of such Justice or Justices.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such dyed, coloured, stained, fabricated, and manufactured, and other Leaves aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be in the Custody and Possession of the Occupier or Occupiers of the Dwelling-houses, Out-houses, Gardens, and Lands, wherein or whereon the same shall be so found hid, concealed, or lodged, as aforesaid j and such Occupier or Occupiers of the said Dwelling-houses, Out-houses, Gardens, and Lands, shall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties by this Act inflicted on the Person or Persons having such dyed, coloured, stained, fabricated, or manufactured, and other Leaves, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, if it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Justice of Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, that such Leaves were lodged in such Dwelling-houses, Out-houses, Gardens, or Lands, with the Privity or Consent of the said Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all and every the Forfeitures herein-before directed to be paid in pursuance of this Act, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

VII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Persons offending against this A Cl/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Informations and other Proceedings for any of the Offences aforesaid, the Evidence of the Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed shall be taken and allowed, any Law, Custom, Rule, Order, or Usage^ to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Justices- of the Peace for the respective Counties, Chics, Ridings, Divisions, Districts, or Places, wherein any of the Offences committed against this Act shall be done, are hereby authorised to put this Act in Execution, and to administer an Oath to any such credible Witness or Witnesses.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction or Convictions of all and every Offender and Offenders against this Act, shall be certified, by the Justice or Justices of the Peace

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30.

before whom the same shall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment or Paper, in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen), or in any other Form of Wbrd$ to the like Effect; that is to say:

Tp tw>,

it 4 JBe it remembered. That on the

Day of in the Year

was, upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before. of the Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign

of his Majesty King George the Third, for (as the Case shall be).

Given under Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written/

Which said Conviction shall be good and effect ual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever; nor shall the same be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of Kings Bauh, but {half be deemed and taken to be final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England

WHEREAS by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, an Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England), all negotiable Pro- miflory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, for any Sum of Money less than the Sum of twenty Shillings in the Whole, and issued after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, were made void, and the publishing or uttering'and negotiating of any such Notes, Bills, Draughts, or Undertakings, for a less Sum than twenty Shillings,

or on which less than that Sum should be due, was, by the said Act, restrained under 'Certain Penalties or Forfeitures therein mentioned; and all such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, as had issued before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, were made payable upon Demand,

and were directed to be recovered in such Manner as is therein also mentioned: And whereas the said Act hath been attended with very salutary Effects, and in case the Provisions therein contained were extended to a further Sum (but yet without Prejudice to the Convenience arising to the Public from the c Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for the Remittance of Money in Discharge of any Balance of Account or other Debt), the good Purposes of the said Act would be further advanced/ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing,.being negotiable or transferrable, for the Payment of twenty Shillings, or any Sum of Money above that Sum and less than five Pounds; or on which twenty Shillings, or above thar Sum and less than five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, and which shall be issued, within that Part of Great Britain called England, at any Time after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall specify the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons respectively to whom, or to whose Order, the same shall be made payable; and shall bear Date before or at the Time of drawing or issuing thereof, and not on any Day subsequent thereto; and shall be made payable within the Space of twenty-one Days next after the Day of the Date thereof; and shall not be transferrable or negotiable after the Time thereby limited for Payment thereof; and that every Indorsement to be made thereon shall be made before the Expiration of that lime, and to bear Date at or not before the Time of making thereof; and shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom, or to whose Order, the Money contained in every such Note, Bill, Draught, or Undertaking, is to be paid; and that the sign» ing of every such Note, Bill, Draught, or Undertaking, and also of every such Indorsement, shall be atfelted by one subscribing Witness at the least; and which said Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts,.or Undertakings in Writing, may be made or drawn in Words to the Purport ortffeft as set out in the Schedule hereunto annexed. No. I. and II.: And that all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferrable, for the Payment of twenty Shillings, or any Sum of Money above that Sum and less than five Pounds; or in which twenty Shillings, or above that Sum and less than five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, and which shall be issued, within that Part of Great Britain called England, at any Time after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, in any other Manner than as aforesaid; and also every Indorsement on any such Note, Bill, Draught, or Undertaking, to be negotiated under this Act other than as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby declared to be, absolutely void; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the publishing, uttering, or negotiating, within that Part of Great Britain called England, of any Promissory or other Note, Bill of Exchange, Draught, or Undertaking in Writing, being negotiable or transferrable, for twenty Shillings, or above that Sum and less than five Pounds, or on which twenty Shillings, or above that Sum and less than five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, and issued or made in any other Manner than Notes, Bills, Draughts, or Undertakings, hereby permitted to be published or negotiated as aforesaid; and also the negotiating of

Ox and

99

©e«t purler-Seffioas.

F^rm of Conviction.

Convifliod not to be quashed for want of Foint, &c.

Prfarrble.

Act f 5 Geo. Ul. rcii;cd,

All negotiable

Promissory Notes, &c. for tot. and left than 5 I. which shall be issued it England after

itn. f, 177ft

kali specify the Names. &c. of the Persons to whom payable.

The signing of every such Note, and Indorsement, to be all tested by one Witness.

Penalty 00 publishing or negotiating any such Note?, &c. contrary to the Method prescribed by this A

JOO

All nfgotub!e PrstniiTory Note*, &c. between ao l. and cl. which shall be issued before J*n. i, 1778, shall be payable OKI Demand.

Continuance of this Act, and the former Act.

C. 31. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

a*

any of such last mentioned Notes, Bills, Draughts, or Undertakings, after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, or before that Time in any other Manner than as aforesaid, by any Act, Contrivance, or Means whatsoever, from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, prohibited or retrained, under the like Penalties or Forfeitures, and to be recovered and applied in like Manner as by the said Act is directed, with respect: to the uttering or publishing or negotiating of Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, for any Sum of Money not less than the Sum of twenty Shillings, or on which less than that Sum should be due.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writings for the Payment of any greater Sum of Money than twenty Shillings, and less than the Sum of five Pounds, or on which twenty Shillings, and less than the Sum of five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, and being negotiable or transferable, as shall be Issued before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall be, and the same are hereby declared and adjudged payable, within that Part of Great Britain called England, on Demand, any Terms, Restrictions, or Conditions therein contained!^ the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and shall be recoverable in such Manner, or by the like Mem as is or are directed in or by the said Act with respect to Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draught^or Undertakings in Writing therein mentioned to have issued previous to the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and that all and every other the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Restrictions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever in the said former Act contained with respect thereto, and also with respect to all such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, issued after the said twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be in Force, within that Part of Great Britain called England, as to all Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, for twenty Shillings, or any greater Sum and less than the Sum of five Pounds, or on which twenty Shillings, or above that Sum and lei's than five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, issued after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and previous thereto respectively and in like Manner as if the same respectively had bt en the Object of the said Act at the Time of making thereof, save so far as the same or any of them are altered or varied by this present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former, and also this present Act, shall continue in Force, not onjy for the Residue of the Term of five Years in the said former Act mentioned, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, but also for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE.

No. I.

[Place ] [Day]

’ 4 rT1Wenty-one Days after Date, I promise to pay to A. B» of

J Sum of for Value received by

Witness, E. F.

And the Indorsement, toties quoties.

[Dad,

c Pay the Contents to G. H\ of [Place] or his Older.

Witness, J. K.

No. II.

[Place] [ Day] [Month]

€ O^Wenty-one Days after Date, pay to A.B. of [Place] or his Order, the Sum of

Value received, as advised by

To E. F. of [Place]

Witness, G. ' t

And the Indorsement, totieS quoties.

[Day] [Month] [Tear]

[Afsnth]

[Place] or his

[Month]

ttz] ,b.

c.d:

[Tear]

a.b:

[Tear]

C. D.

Pay the Contents to J. K. of [Place] or his Order.

Witness, L. M.

Cap. xxxr.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Oflice of-Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement o* Composition with the several Sureties of IVidiam Browns and the Representatitves of such of the said Su cties as are dead, for a Debt temaining due from them to the Crown, on Several Tobacco Bonds, entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their Ellaies and Effects may be acquitted and difeh-j*, d therefrom.

Preamble, reciting several Bonds entered into by William Brown, See* payable to his Majesty. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to compound with William Francis, John Wigginton, John Yerbury,

IOJ

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32 - 3

Ann Jones, Hardy, William Stonehewer, Phoebe Savidge and Savidge, William Richard-

son, Henry Holland, Robert Porteus, William Powell, John Perkins, Peter Grant (Sureties for /^/Z-44 //tfw Brown), in respect of the aforesaid Bonds. After such Composition, shall be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, the said Sureties and their Estates shall be freed from all future Claims relating to the said Bonds. This Act not to discharge William Brown, his Heirs, td'c"

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to allow the Mailer Dyers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen in their Trade who have not served Apprenticeships thereto.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen^Elizabeth, Preamble*

intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry^and Ap- Act 5 Elix.r* prentices, it is amongst other Things enacted, That it shall not be lawful to any Person ^Persons cited«

(other than such as then did lawfully use or exercise any Art, Mystery, or Manual Occupation) to set up, occupy, use, or exercise, any Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, then used or occupied within the Realm of England, or Wales, except he shall have been brought up therein seven Years, at the least, as

an Apprentice; nor to let any Person on Work in such Mystery, Art, or Occupation, being not thea

a Workman, except he shall have been Apprentice as aforesaid, upon Pain of every Person offending or

doing the contrary to forfeit and lose, for every Default, forty Shillings for every Month; whereby the Trade of a Dyer is very much injured and obstructed, in regard there are not a sufficient Number of

Persons who have served an Apprenticeship to be employed as Journeymen ther inf May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from the Day of passing of this Act, so

So much of the

much of the said Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the said Queen Elizabeth, above recited, as* f*»HAfta*re-

relates to Journeymen or Servants being employed in the Trade or Occupation of a Dyer, shall be, and p

the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent; and that

it shall and may he lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who carry on or use

the Trade of a Dyer within any of the said Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, or Kent, to employ so

many, and such Number of Journeymen, Servants, and Labviurers, as they shall respectively have Occasion for, without incurring any Penalty under the said Act; any Thing therein contained, or any other-

Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships <£f War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on 1/ Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day o [March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which Hull be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ight, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Mercnant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that One fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, laved and excepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation), or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Privateers).

From the passing of this Act mi March 15, 1773. Merchant Snip?,

Sic. may be navigated by Three-fourth* Foreign Seamen.

This Act not ta restrain any Royal Proclamation to be

I' joe (JuNmnt

to an Act 1 Geo. 11.

102

[Preamble.]

Aa 6 Geo. III. rccileJ j

and further continued for six Years*

[Preamble.]

Commissioners, &c, for executing any Act paOed this Session, who have not held their first Meeting conformable to such A a, may meet within maFo»tnight after the End of the present Sessions.

C. 35 - 37. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

CAP. XXXV

An Act for further continuing an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has. by Experience, been found useful and benefi-VV cial, and is near expiring ;' may it therefore pieale your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act,'made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to tro-bibit the Importation of Foreign-wr ought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations oj Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture; which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the fourteenth Day of june% one thousand seven hundred and sixty-sixr and from thence vO the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another AS, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament* shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the fourteenth Day of 7W, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS certain Acts may have been made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, appointing the first Meetings of the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Acts in Execution upon certain Days which have elapsed before, or happened upon, the respective Days of passing such Acts; and Doubts may arise whether, in such cases, the Commissioners or Trustees, appointed in and by such Acts, are authorised to meet and carry such Acts into Execution may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or have passed during this present Session of Parliament,' and the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Act or Acts in Execution, shall not have met and holden their first Meetings on the respective Days appointed by such Acts respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees, or such Number of them as by such Acts art authorised to meet and to put such Acts in Execution, to meet and proceed in the Execution of such Acts respectively on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Parliament; and all such Meetings so had shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners or Trustees had met and proceeded to put such Acts in Execution on the Days appointed in and by such respective Acts; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall be done by such Commissioners or Trustees in the Execution of such Acts respectively shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their first Meetings had been held on the Days appointed by such Acts respectively.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be (pimped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

[Preamble.]

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. I. Act 13 Car. II. 44 Act 25 Car. II. Act 30 Car. II. Act 8 Geo. I. Act 9 Geo. I. Act 18 Geo. II. and Act 6 Geo. III. before 4f the pidfing of this Act; and who shall, on or before 2<;th December 1777, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting "*4 to qualify himself. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before 25th December 1777, shall 4* be confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, &c. may enjoy all Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages in- curred by reason of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment. 44 Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term 1777, are indemnified, and discharged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General lfiite.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 38, 39. 103

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven. 1,500,000l.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after the Rate of twenty-one Shillings 6*r Annum for every male Servant, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, who shall then have been, or shall afterwards be, retained or employed in the following Capacities 5 (that is to say) of Maitre d’Hotel, House-steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under-butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House-porter, Footman, Running-footman, Coachman, Groom, Poftiiion, Stable-boy, and the respective Helpers in the Stables of such Coachman, Groom, or Poftiiion, or in the Capacity of Gardener (not being a Day-labourer), Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, Whipper-in, whether such male Servants shaft have been or shall be retained and employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with one or more of the said Capacities of a Servant; which salt) Sum of twenty-one Shillings per Annum shall be charged and paid in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, Every such Master or Mistress shall be charged fifteen Shillings for every such Servant so retained or employed within the Time which shall elapse between the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and teventy-seven, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and every such Master or Mistress shall be charged the Sum of twenty-one Shillings for every such Servant which shall be so retained or employed within every subsequent Year, ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March; and the said several Sums herein-before mentioned shall be levied and paid in every Year, within six Months subsequent to the twenty-fifth Day of March, on which such Charges are hereby directed to be made.

II. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to any Servant who shall be retained or employed, hona fide, for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or calling by which the Master jor Mistress of such Servant earn a Livelihood or Profit.

III. Provided also, That the Duty hereby granted for every Coachman, Groom, Poftiiion, or Helper, let out to Hire by Way of Jobb, shall be paid by the Master or Mistress for whose Use, and in whose Service, such Coachman, Groom, Postillion, or Helper, shall be employed respectively; and that the Duty hereby granted for every Gardener, retained or employed by any Person or Persons who shall contract for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens, shall be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use and in whole Garden such Gardener shall be employed.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Person or Persons from the Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act, in respect of any Servant retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, on Account or under Pretence that such Servant is or shall be bound as an Apprentice to such Person or Persons; save and except such Apprentices as are or shall be imposed upon any Master or Mistress, under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and Parish Officers by any Act of Parliament, so as the Number of such Apprentices so imposed upon any Master or Mistress does not exceed two.

V. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty hereby granted, the Butler or Butlers, Manciple, Cook or Cooks, Gardener or Gardeners, Porter or Porters, of any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the Universities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, or Saint Andrews in Scotland, or of the several Colleges of Westminster, Eton, or Wimhefter, or to the Servants of his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, or of any Ambassador or Foreign Minister residing in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the Duty hereby granted, any of the Royal Hospitals of Christ, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlehem, Saint Thomas in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guys, or the Foundling Hospital

[Preamble.]

After July $* 1777, ai a to be paid yearly for every male Servant employed as here-in-after mentioned.

15 s. to be paid for every such Servant for the Time between T°ly5*777» March 25,177l.

This Act not to extend to Servants employed in Husbandry, Manufacture*,

See.

Who shall pay the Duty for Coachmen, Grooms, &c. let ont to hire. Doty to be paid for Servants «n ployed as aforesaid, notwi-.h-(landing their bring Apprentice*.

Exception.

Butler*, Cook a,

Ac. in the Universitie*;

Servants of the Royal family, &c.

and certain Hospital* exempted.

104

Duties to becol-Jested by such Persons, and paid into the Exchequer under such Penalties, Arc. as are appointed for the Duties on Houses and Windows, by two Acts 2o Geo. II.; Acts ii Geo.

U.

31 Geo. II.

2 Geo. III. and 6 Geo. III.

Commissioners of the before-mentioned Acts, shall put this Act in Execution*

Time of first Meeting, dec.

Com midioners to give Notice of the Appointment of Afieffois.

Assessors to ^ive No ice in V/ri-ine to M.i('or«, &c. to p 0 nice Lifts ol ' heir Servan s e n-ployed within trtir D.ftr.fts, Arc,

Ho t ATeiH-rs so i>r Cc, in ti<V M til.rs r.<gVit to deliver 1 i.h Lifts,

C. 39. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty by this Act imposed as aforesaid shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received by such Persons, and shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purposes irr this Act expressed, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Hojufes and Windows or Lights, in and by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rjitei and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; and by Another Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to inforce the Execution of an Act of this fseftion of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for explaining, amending, and further/ enforcing the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the repealing" 44 several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties;" and by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon I Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights', and by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Hoifes, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, or by any of them; and that all andeveiy the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things now in Force, contained in the said several Acts, or any of them, for the assessing, railing, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties upon Servants by this Act granted, as fully and efreftua.ly, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same are or may be, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, so far as the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this Act; and that all Monies arising by the said Duty granted by this Act (the necesliiry Charges of raisi ig and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Execution of this Act, and for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duty hereby granted, the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in Execution the said herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-ports, Towns, and Places respectively within Great Britain; and that the said Commissioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in their respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque ports. Towns, and Place*, for which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet on or before the thirtieth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and shall, in like Manner, meet yearly and every Year, at such Day or Time as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth Day of April yearly; and shall thru divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the Duty hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by the said before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places within their respective Districts or Divisions, whom they shall think fit to be Presentors and Assessors under the said before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, cause Notice to be inserted, that such Persons are to be appointed Assessors of the Duty upon Servants granted by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid shall, within fourteen Days after such their Appointment yearly, give or leave Notice or Warning in Writing, to or for the Matter or Mifticfs of every Servant on whom a Duty is imposed by this Act, within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessors are to act, at his or her Dwelling-house, to prepare and produce, within the Space of fourteen Days then next ensuing, a List in Writing of his or her Servants retained or employed within the said Parish or District, dtferibing the Number by him or her retained or employed, the Christian and Surname of each Servant, and the Office or Capacity in or for which each Servant is retained or employed; every such Lift to contain the greatest Number of Servants at any one Time retained and employed in the Course of the Year, ending on the twenty-fr rh Day of March in each preceding Year and chit every such Mailer or MifticB do and shall, after such Notice so given or Ffr, make out a List of his or her Servants accordingly, and sign the same with his or lur own Hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to Ik- delivered, to such Assessor or Assessors; And in cae any such Master or Mistress shall neglect or refuse to make out, (ion, and deliver such Lift within the Time before-mentioned, then such Afic-iibr or AiTtflb/* (httl, from the btft information he or th> y can ebuin, make an

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 105

Lifts to contiln

the create ft Number of Servants employed daring the Time to which they relate.

Commissioners, on Application, It grant Relief to Persons who have been a fluffed in different

Assessment upon such Master or Mistress so refusing or neglecting, for or in respect of the Number of Servants so retained or employed by such Master or Mistress, distinguishing them by their Chiifiian and Surname, and their respective Employments; and every such Assessment lo made upon any such Neglect or Refusal shall be final and conclusive upon such Master or Mistress, who shall not he at Liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such Master or Mistress shall prove that he or (lie were not at their respective Dwelling-houses at the Time of the Delivery of such respective Notices, nor between that Day and the Time limited for their delivering their respective Lifts to the Assessor; or unless such Master or Mistress shall alledge and prove such other Excuse for not having delivered their Lifts as the Commissioners in their Judgment shall think reasonable and sufficient.

XI. Provided always, That the Lifts which shall be delivered in Manner herein-before mentioned by Older of the said Commissioners, and which shall be for the Space of Time which shall elapse between the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall contain the greatest Number of Servants which such Master or Mistress shall at any Time have retained or employed between the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

XII. And whereas many Masters and Mistresses, who will be chargeable with the Duty imposed by c this Act, have or may have divers Houses or Places of Residence in different Parts of the Kingdom, and some of their Servants may be stationed and resident in such respective Houses or Places of RrfiJence, and others of them may be removed from Time to Time to attend upon their said Masters or Mistresses, or their Business: And whereas other Masters or Mistresses keeping Servants may from Time to rime change their Houses, Lodgings, or Places of Abode: Therefore, to the End that no Person may be obliged to pay for the same Servants, or others coming in their Room, in more Parishes or Districts than one within the same Year;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master or Mistress, having been assessed in one Parish or District for his or her Servants retained or employed within the same,

shall happen to be again assessed in another Parish or District for or in respect of such Servants, or any of them; in such Case the Commissioners for the District wherein the House, Lodging, or Place of Residence or Abode of the Master or Mistress assessed shall be situated, or the Majority of the Commissioners present at any Application for this Purpose, may, and are hereby required to alter any Assessment, on Proof Places for the] given before them that the said Master or Mistress hath paid the Duty imposed or intended by this Act, fAmc Servant,» for or in respect of such Servant or Servants, in another Place, and in what Place specifically, or hath been assessed for the same; which Proof shall be made, as to the Fad of Payment, by producing a Receipt signed by the Collector to whom the same Payment was made, or in Default thereof by other reasonable Evidence to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or the Majority of them, before whom such Evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid Proof, as to the Fad of the Party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made in like Manner, either by producing a Copy or Certificate of the Assessment, signed by two or more Commissioners of the District for which such Assessment had been made, which Copy or Certificate ' the Clerk then attending the said Commissioners shall deliver gratis to the Party requiring the same; or in Default of such Copy or Certificate, then such Proof shall he made by other Evidence to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present, or the Majority of them.

XIII. And whereas divers Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, retain or employ Grooms, Stable- boys, and other Servants, to look after and attend upon Horses or Hounds at many Places, within this Kingdom where they themselves have no Houses or Places of Residence \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Assessor or Assessors, within and for such Districts or Places respectively, to deliver or leave such Notice as is herein-before directed to be given, at the House or Houses where such Grooms, Stable-boys, or other Servants usually reside; and that all and every of such Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a List or Lists, signed by them respectively, specifying the Number of Servants so retained and employed by them for the Purposes aforesaid, to the Assessors within and for the respective Districts or Limits where such Servants shall usually reside, and the Assessments for and in respect of such Servants shall be made and delivered by the Assessors within and for such respective Limits or Districts.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such Assessors as aforesaid shall not be bound by such Lifts as shall be delivered to them respectively in pursuance of this Act, but shall be at Liberty, in case they shall find upon due Examination that any Servant or Servants are omitted in such Lifts, ro surcharge the same, and make a true Assessment upon every Master and Mistress within their respective Districts of the real Number of Servants so retained or employed by such Master or Mistress, distinguishing the Christian and Surname of such Servant or Servants, and their respective Employments; and shall from Time to Time make and deliver in Writing their Assessments of the Duty charged by this Act, within the Bounds or Limits for which they are respectively to act as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, within the Space of three Calendar Months ne\t after the Time of their being so appointed Assessors; and that the said Commissioners to whom such Afll/T-ments shall be so delivered, or any two of them, shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Receipt of the same respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean Time, either by the same Assessors, or by such Surveyor or Surveyors as herein after is or are mentioned, testifying their Allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the Persons named in each of such Assessments to be Collectors, or any other two such Persons as they shall think able and re-fponfoble, for the respective Divisions and Places for which they shall be so presented; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Assessments so by them allowed of, unto the respective Pci Tons determined by

Dhre&Ioni for aflt fti se Nob'.e» men, &c. who employ Srrvantt at Places where they have no Housei.

In case the Lift* deliv-red to the A (Fedors shall be found deficient, th-y may fur-charge the same*

A(Teflor, to deliver their Assessmenta to the Commissioner* within three Month* alter their Appointment.

Commissione r* to sign the same, and appoint Collectors, dec.

106

Surveyors under the before-men-tiomd a£U may inspect the Lift?, befo'e ih<*y are signed, and amend them*

If Surveyort discover any Omirfions af>er the Lists are signed, they are to certify the lame to the Commissioners, &c.

Matters to be doubly fated for those Servants thry omit in their Lifts.

One Half of which Surcharge to be a lowed the Assessor or Surveyor making the same.

Surveyors or Affe flora not to enter any Dwelling-house, &c. to eiamine the Number of Servants.

Persons overrated may appeal to the Commissioners.

Appellant to deliver, on Oath, a List of the greatest Number of Servants employed, dec.

Commissioners not to make any Abatement in the Charge, &c. unless i (halt appear, on Oath, that the Appellant is over rated.

Ten Days Ko-tice to be given of Appeal.

CoijfTiirti"n'r»>

in certain Cale«, may remit he Prn .!’¥ before diredeo ro be paid io the A fidfor, See,

C. 39. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

them nominated to be Collectors for the Year ensuing, who are hereby enjoined and required tocolle& and pay the Duties hereby assessed, and to give Acquittances for the same.

aV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Surveyor and Surveyors appointed and to be appointed under or by virtue of the said several Acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, for the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, shall be, and he and they* are and is hereby impowered and authorised to inspect and examine any List or Lists to be made out and signed by any such Master or Mistress as aforesaid, or any A(feAment or Assessments for any Parish or Place, before the Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such List or Lists, Assessment or Assessments, if he or they shall see just Cause for Co doing, by specifying the Christian and Surname of each Servant to be added to or taken from such Lift, together with their respective Employments; and every Person, in whose Custody any such Lifts or AAeAments shall be, is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to produce the same: And if any such Surveyor or Surveyors (half, after any such List or Lists, Assessment or Assessments, shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or their Survey or Examination, that any Master or Mistress, that should and ought to be charged with the said Duty hereby granted, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, such Surveyor or Surveyors shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, together with the Christian and Surname and the Employment of each Servant* by way of Surcharge, to any two or more of the said Commissioners, in order to have such Omission or Under-rate certified in the said Assessment, and such Commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the Duties levied accordingly.

XVI. And to the End that every Master and Mistress may deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the c Assessor or Assessors, a true Lift of their respective Servants, according to the Intent of this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Assessor or Surveyor shall make a Surcharge upon any Master or Mistress, for or in respect of any Servant or Servants omitted to be inserted in any such Lift, such Surcharge shall be made after the Rate of two Pounds two Shillings an Head for every such Servant so omitted; and the Assessor or Surveyor so making such Surcharge mall be, and is hereby intitled to, and shall have and receive, to and for his own Use, one Pound one Shilling of every such Surcharge which shall be justly made upon any such Lift.

XVII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to authorise or impower any Surveyor or Assessor to enter the Dwelling-house, Outhouses, or Garden, of any Person for the Purpose or under the Pretence of inspecting or examining the Number of Servants retained or employed by such Person.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Assessment, Charge, or Surcharge, to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them* (half, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals, except where it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Master or Mistress had omitted to deliver in their Lifts, and shall not afligo sufficient Cause to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for such Omission in Manner herein-before mentioned; provided that at the Time of hearing the same, a List shall be produced, by or on the Part of the Appellant, upon Oath, of the greatest Number of Servants of such Appellant, within the District or Limits of the Places where such Appeal shall be made, subject to the Duty hereby granted, that shall have been retained or employed by him or her at any Time between the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, with respect to the Space of Time which shall elapse between the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; or with respect to any future Year, the greatest Number of Servants which shall have been so retained or employed by him or her within the Year preceding the twenty-fifth Day of March in every such Year, with a Description of the Occupation of each Servant, and of the Capacity in which such Servant shall have served; and that all such Appeals shall be heard and determined on the Days appointed, and in the Manner directed by the several Acts herein-before mentioned, with respect to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in tire Charge, or Surcharge, made upon any Person by such Afllflinent as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, but the same shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination upon Oath, that such Person is over-rated in and by such Assessment or Surcharge; and every Person intending to appeal*to the said Commissioners, shall, and is hereby required to give at the least ten Days Notice thereof to the said Surveyor, or to one or more of the Assessors of the Parish or Place wherein such Person is raced, of such Intention ro appeal; and such Surveyor and Afltflors may then and there attend to justify the said Assessment and Surcharge; and such Surveyor and Assessors, and Appellant, shall have full and free Liberty to be prefcni during all the Time of hearing such respective Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the same: And the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered, upon every such Appeal, although they shall confirm the Surcharge of such Assessor or Surveyor, upon the Application of any such Master or Mistress, to remit and strike off the said Penalty of one Pound one Shilling herein before directed to be paid to such Assessor or Surveyor surcharging such Lift, in case they shall be of Opinion that there was any Doubt

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 107

whether such Servant or Servants so surcharged was or were rateable within the Meaning of this Act, and wcenot wilfully omitted by such Mailer or Mistress out of such List or Lists.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, on such Examination on the hearing such Penalty on Sur-Appeal, it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such Surcharge was falsely and vexatiousty made; veyort, &c. for then, and in such Case, such Surveyor or AflVflbr so surcharging shall forfeit and incur such Penalties and *k'n*a fallc Punishment as in and by the herein-before mentioned Acts are directed to be inflicted on Surveyors or ure 4r*e‘ A(Tir>rs for Neglect of Duty.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appeals once heard and deter- Determination mined by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, of Commission-

on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final (except as is herein after *"10 bc

directed). ' £«ePt, &c.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the said Surveyor, or the person» diffrtif.

Person so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in IVale$% or in Berwick upon Tweed, fied may, in

shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and England, appeal Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor or Person fespectively to require tha said Commissioners to state 9

speciaPy, and sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request, as aforesaid, to be by him transmitted to one of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, or Common Pieas, or to one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being; and every such Justice and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto 5 according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment, which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: And that if either the said Surveyor, or the aDd ?n Scotian*

Person so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the Determination made to the Coon of

by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare Session. himself or herself difliitisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor or Person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, tm state specially and sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him transmitted to one of the Judges of the Court of Session, or of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Judge and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case fb transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion so certified the Assessment, which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: Provided always, That notwithstanding any such Case so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons, the Determination of the said Commissioners shall (land with respect to the Payments which shall become due precedent to the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge, or Baron, upon such Case.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Recital oft*

Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties AO in 19 Geo.

upon Glassy and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery,

to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating feme Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the loft Session of Parliament J, it was amongst other Things enacted, That there should be raised,

levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties therein expressed on all Glass imported into Great Britain, and the several other Rates and Du- ties for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, made use of in the making of all Crown, Plate, and Flint Glass, and all White Glass, and in making of common Bottles, and all other Green Glass in Great Britain; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do think it would be for the Advantage of the Public to repeal the present Rates and Duties upon Glass imported into Great Britain, and upon the Materials or Metal made use of in making the several Sorts of Glass in the said recited Act mentioned, and to grant unto your Majesty, in lieu thereof, the several new and additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and also that further Regulations should be established for the better Collection of the said Duties Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day o{July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the From July c, before-mentioned Duties upon Glass imported, and upon the Materials or Metal used In making the several *777» the Du-Sorcs of Glass, granted by the said recited Act, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, V^s^ fave only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears which may at tha* Time remain '"JJued by the unpaid of the said Rates and Duties upon Glass, or to any Penalties or Forfeitures in respect thereof, which before recited shall have arisen or grown due and payable to his Majesty, or may have been incurred upon, or at any A a, toccafe.

Time before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu thereof, from and after the New Duties to said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected,

be paid in lieu

and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Glass thcrcof* which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be imported, or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other Customs, Subsidies and Duties, by any A cl or Acts of Parliament (now in Force and not hereby repealed) imposed upon, or payable for the same, the several and respective Rates or new Duties herein after expressed; (that is to say) For and upon all Plate, Enamel, Stained, and Paste Glass,

and upon all Window Glass, whether flashed or spread, or otherwise manufactured, and upon all other

P z white

io8

Foreign Gbf* liable to any Duty, which shall be in -, posted clan-dt-stine’y, to be so. idled;

end the Master

pt the VefiVl, &c. to forfeit Kol.

New Duties on the* Matesials ufeJ in making of Gla.’i,

Plate Glass, &c.

Broad Glass.

Crown Glass.

German Sheet Glass.

Common Bottles.

Milters of Glaft to enter the.r Names, furnaces, die. »* directed by t above-recited AIL

D*re£:«ni relating to making Entries Oitll,

C. 39.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

whhe Glass, and upon all Cakes which shall he imported and brought into Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling and Fourpence for every Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for and upon all green Glass, and for and upon all Bottles and Flafics, whether the same be filled or empty, which will contain the Quantity of a Quart, respectively, which shall be imported and brought into Great Britain, the Sum of four Sniliings for every Dozen; and for and upon all Bottles and Flasks, whether the same be filled or empty, which will contain more or less than a Quart, which shall be imported and brought as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Dozen Quarts, be the Quantity of Bottles greater or lesser; the said several and respective Rates and Duties to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof respectively.

XXV. And, in order the better to prevent the clandestine Importation of any Foreign Glass,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Foreign Glass of any Kind, liable to the Payment of any Customs, Subsidies, or Duties, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law whatsoever, so imported as aforesaid, shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, or unshipped with Intent to be put on Shore, before due Entry be made thereof at the Custom-house, in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and the respective Duty or Duties payable for the same shall be paid or secured, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering of the same, first signed determined by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively; all such Glass as shall be so landed or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the Intention of this present Act, shall be forfeited, or the Value thereof, and shall or may be ftized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and moreover the Master, Mate, or other Person or Persons taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and all and every other Person or Persons who shall be any Ways concerned, or aiding or assisting, in such unshippingor landing of such Glass as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collecteil, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which shall hereafter be made use of in the making of Glass in Great Britain (over and above all other Ratea and Duties), by any Act or Acts of Parliament (now in Force and not hereby repealed) imposed upon or payable for the same, the several and respective additional Rates or new Duties herein after expressed; that is to say, For and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may he called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all Plate or Flint Glass, and of all Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, and of all Phial Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of apothecary or other Phials, the Sum of eighteen Shillings and Eightpence for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity; and for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, a Duty of seven Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Prep, rations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether fLfked or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, a Duty c»f fourteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of Glass now called German Sheet Glass, a Duty of fourteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by. what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may he called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of common Bottles (the same not being Phials), and of Vessels made use of in Chymical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils made of common Bottle Metal, the Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; the said several and respective Rates and Duties to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof tefipefti/cly.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall become a Maker or Makers of Glass, shall make such Entry and Entries, in Writing, of their respective Names, and of their respective Furnaces, Pots, Pot, Chambers, Warehouses, Rooms, and other Places, for making or keeping of Glass, or of Materials mixed and prepared for making of Glass, and give like Notice before they use any Pot or Pots, for the preparing or making of Glass, as Makers of Glass were by the said recited Act directed to make; on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect, as by the said recited Act is directed.

XXVIII. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That all such Entries, Oaths, or Affirmations, therein mentioned, as should be made in all other Parts of Great Britain, without the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, should be made with or by the respective Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of Glass should inhabit: And whereas Makers of Glass, or some of the Partners, often inhabit out of and at such Distance from the District or Division wherein such Glass was made, as to render it difficult to carry the said Provisions into Execution;' for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations, in and by the said recited Act required to be made in all other Parts of Great Britain, without the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be made with or by the respective

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 109

a*e jj'tf rib d by the above-reciui Act;

Duties pran’^d

by this Act be p ii t info diC~ E*c! ccju' r

Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division, within which the respective Glass-houses shall be situate, any Thin" therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, and shall be made without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act New Duties to imposed within and throughout the said Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be raised, levied, collected, and

paid, and be subject to be drawn back upon the Exportation of such Glass (except in such Cases where it is n/undTr <u*h otherwise directed by this present Act), in such like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and penalties and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are pre- Forfeit.ne*, s* feribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several and respective Duties upon Glass, in and by the said recited Act and this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein mentioned, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, and pavirg the several and respective Rates and Duties thereby granted (other than in such Cases only for which other Penalties are prescribed in Except, &c. and by this present Act) shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, to all Intents and Purposes, as well as for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually as if the said Act, and all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; and all the Monies arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and accounting for the same excepted), (nail, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Re- frpuauiy, venue. -

XXX. And whereas the Duties upon Glass, granted by the afore-recited Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were, together with certain Duties upon Spi- tic* hereby rituous Liquors, made a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities granted by the said Act; and by grants, to be an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, the same »ppii?d m the

were directed to be carried to the Sinking Fund, after reserving Sufficient to answer and pay such Annu- w ,o t; as ities on Lives at the Exchequer as were established by the afore-mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of his said late Majesty ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth

Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the yearly Sum of sixty-three thousand and seventy-eight Pounds, eight Shillings, and eightpence, being the Amount of the annual Produce into the Exchequer of the Duties upon Glass, hereby repealed, shall, determined by half-yearly Sums, be reserved ar>d set* spare, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of July in every Year, out of the Duties hereby granted, and shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties hereby repealed were applicable; and the Residue of the Produce of the Duties hereby granted shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fundy towards making good to the same the Charge thereupon for Payment of such Annuities as shall or may be charged on the said Fund by any puend’n ,n* Acfl of this Session of Parliament.

XXXI. And whereas, in the manufacturing of all Sorts of Glass, Part of the Metal and other Mate- rials used for making of Glass, are left at the Bottom of each Pot used for preparing and mixing the same,

which cannot be conveniently wrought out, and other Wade doth necessarily happen in the manufar- tunng of those Materials, and the Allowances by the said recited Act given and provided are not sufficient;’ it is hereby further enacted and provided. That in alb Pots, containing more than one hundred A*'ow*nces!® Weight, used for the preparing and mixing of Metal and other Materials for making of Flint, Enamel,

Stained Glass, and of all Phial Glass, an Allowance shall be made to the Makers of such Glass of one-fourth for w-ftV.

nd the Rr fi Juc

to be cjrjird to

Part of the Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of oner Inch deep at the Bottom of every such Pot; 2nd in small Pots, commonly called Pile Ends% which will not contain one hundred Weight, and used as aforesaid, an Allowance shall he made to such Makers of one-fifth only of the Metal or Materials contained therein; and in Pots used for the making of Crown and Plate Glass, and of all Window Glass, whether flashed or spread, or otherwise manufactured, an Allowance shall he made to such Makers of one-foilrth Part of the Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of four Inches deep at the Bottom; and in Pots used for the making of common Bottles (not being Phials) and of other VMkls or Utensils hereinbefore mentioned, to be made of common Bottle Metal, an Allowance shall be made to the Makers thereof of one-fifth Part of the Meral or other Materials contained therein,* and three Inches deep at the Bottom of every such Pot; and the respective Commissioners for the inland Duties on Glass in Great Britain are htreby authorised and required to make the respective Allowances herein directed; which Allowances are hereby declated to be in full Compensation for all Wade, Damage, or Loss whatsoever, except the Allowance bvthe said recited Act made and provided where Pots used for the preparing ani mixing of Metal and other Materials for making of Glass shall crack or break.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Glass shall be desirous of manufacturing or working up any of the Metal or Materials that shall he lift in the Bottom of any Pot or Pots, for which the Allowance shall have been made of three Inches or of four Incites at the Bottom of such Pots respectively to the Maker as aforesaid, into any Glass Wares whatever, and shall, by the Space of six Hours next before he, she, or they, begins to work the same, give Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where such Glass shall be so manufactured or wotked, of his, heiy or their Intention to manufacture or work the same, specifying in such Notice the particular Manufacture or Work he intends to make from such Bottoms, and from which Pot or Pots, and the particular Time of beginning to work the same; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for every such Maker of Glass to manufacture and work the said Bottoms; and the Metal and Materials in the said Bottoms shall, in such Case, be chargeable and be charged by the Officers for the said Duties with the Duty of

eighteen

GIaf»-mii» ert rr3y «k up

M UCf i >!s eft Ift the 15ft*phi i«f tl.c r IVs, iter h a t i g t \» n Notice u> M e proper Ointers ot £ickV.

I I o

Penalty nn doing it, without £’v-jn*j propel Notice.

Particulars of the Notice to be given by GU?S-m kera before they charge their Pots.

Penalty on Ne-

giod.

C. 39.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Officers of Facile may take a San p’e cl th* Materials ctr of each Pot, &c.

Penalty on obstructing the m.

Any Person who has paid the Duties granted by this Act>, and the recited Act, for any Quantity of Gbf, may export the fane from any Seaport, &c. near the Glass-houfr, in the l’refence of an Officer of Excise:

And on ptoring that the Duty hath been paid, fcc.

the Collector shall give a Certificate j

on producing whereof to the Officer of Excise at the Port of Eaporta'ion, See and on giving Security that tfcc Whole of the said Glass shall he exported, See,

eighteen Shillings and eight-pence for every hundred Weight, and so in Proportion for every greater or lefTer Quantity; >.nd in every such Case, an Allowance shall be made to such Makers of Glass of one Inch, and no more, at the Bv>ctom of every such Pot; any Thing herein-before contained to* the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Maker of Glass shall manufacture or work any Part of the Metal or Materials that shall be left at the Bottom of any such Pot or Pots as aforesaid, without having given such Notice as herein is direct'd and required, such Maker of Glass shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And whereas some Makers of Glass, in giving Notice under the Directions of the said recited Act, have neglected or refused ig specify the true Kind and Weight of the Metal or Preparation put into each particular Pot used for the making of Glass, and have also put in Metal or Materials into the Pot or Pots af'er a Gauge of the Metal therein hath been taken determined by the Officer, under Pretence that the same were Mnyfes or Glass of the presentor of some former Making, by which Means the Revenue is greatly defrauded for Remedy whereof, it is hereby enacted and declared, That every Maker of Glass shall, in every Notice hereafter to be given, express in Writing the particular Time and Hour when he intends to begin to fill Or charge his Pot or Pots, and the Account of the true Weight of the Metal or Preparation he made use of in each particular Pot used for the making of Glass, and the Species and particular Kind of Glass intended to be made in each Pot: And if any Maker of Glass shall neglect or refuse to give the Notice by this present Act, and the said recited Act, directed and required, or alter such Nonce given, and a Gauge taken by the Officer of the Metal or Preparation in their Pots, shall, without a fresh Notice in Writing, put into any such Pot any Metal, Material, or Preparation whatsoever, every such Maker of Glass shall, in every such Case, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXIV. And for the more effectual ascertaining the Weight and Species of the Materials or Metal,

or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, and preventing Frauds which may be committed therein, or in relation to such Notice and Account hereby required to be respectively given, and in order that the same maybe properly examined,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gaugers, or other Officers of Excise, to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding four Ounces in the Whole, out of each of the said Pots, or any other Thing containing such Preparations for making Glass as aforesaid, paying for such Sample or Samples (if demanded) the Sum of one Halfpenny for each Ounce; and in case any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder the Gaugers, or other Officers of Excise, in taking such Sample or Samples, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXV. And whereas it was further provided by the said Act, That it should be lawful for any Person or Persons who should have actually paid his Majesty's Duties by the said Act payable for any Quantity of Glass whatsoever made from any of the Materials thereby charged, and to and for any other Person or Persons who should buy, or be lawfully intitled to any such Quantity of Glass from the said Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Glass for any Foreign Parts, by Way of Merchandise, upon the Terms, and according to the Directions, and with such Drawback and Allowance, as are therein expressed: And whereas Glass is often exported in such Quantities according to the Demands of the Markets beyond the Seas, and the Manner hereby prescribed for obtaining such Drawback and Allowance is attended with Difficulty to the Exporters; for the Encouragement therefore of the Glass Manufacturers and Exporters of Glass in Great Britain,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and fdr any Person or Persons, who have actually paid or been charged with his Majesty's Duties by this present Act, or by the said recited Act respectively, payable for any Quantity of Glass whatsoever, made from any of the Materials thereby respectively charged, and to and for any other Person or Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intitled to any such Quantity of Glass, from the said Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Glass for any Foreign Parts, by Way of Merchandise, in any Seaport, or upon any navigable River near to which such Glass-house shall be situated, within any of the usual and allowed Ports by Law established, for and upon Account of himself or any other, in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, to be appointed by the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, upon twelve Hours Notice thereof being given to the said Officer of Excise within the Limits whereof the said Glass shall be exported (who is hereby impowered and required to see the said Glass weighed); and Proof b ing made upon Oath, or by Affirmation, in case the Person be a known Quaker, by the Clerk or Chief Manager of the respective Glass-house where such Glass was made, that the Duty of such Glass hath been respectively paid or charged according to the Directions of this present or the said recited Act, expressing the Quantity and Weight of such Glass; and also like Oath or Affirmation by such Clerk or Chief Manager, or of one or more Person or Persons having Knowledge of the Packing and intended Exportation thereof, expressing the Quality and Weight of such Glass, and that no broken nor Waste Glass hath been packed with, nor is included in, any Box, Crate, or other Package containing the said Glass, and that the same Glass 19 to be really and truly exported beyond the Seas as Merchandise; and thereupon the Collector for the said Duties upon Glass, or such other Person or Persons as shall be deputed by the said respective Commissioners of Excise to act in his Absence, shall give to such Person or Persons gratis a Certificate or Certificates, expressing the Qualities and Weight of such Glass, and that the Duties are paid, or charged for the same as aforesaid; which Certificate being produced to the Officer of Excise at the Port where the said Glass shall be exported, and Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid being made by the Exporter, or his Clerk or Chief Manager, before the Officer of Excise of the said Port (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same without any Fee or Charge) that the said Glass so exported is the same mentioned and described in the said Certificate, and sufficient Security being given before the shipping thereof for Exportation, to be approved of by the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons to be respectively appointed by them for that Purpose, in Treble the Value of the Duty intended

Ill

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39.

tended to be drawn back, that the particular Glass which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not be rdanded or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain; which Security the Officer of Excise of the said Port where such Glass shall be exported is hereby directed and authorised to take, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Use, instead of the Security directed by the said recited Act to be taken by the Customer or Collector of the respective Port for such Exportation; and then the said Officer of Excise of the said Port where such Glass shall be exported shall give a Certificate under his Hand, expressing the Quality and true Weight of the Glass so exported, and that the same was shipped in his Prelence, and that sufficient Security has been given for the due exporting thereof; which Certificate being produced to the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties upon Glass, or such Collector of the Port where the said Glass was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the Persons or Agents so exporting the same a Drawback or Allowance of eighteen Shillings and eight-pence per hundred Weight for all Plate, Flint, Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, and for all Phial Glass, made in Great Britain; and seven Shillings per hundred Weight for all Spread Window-glass made in Great Britain; and fourteen Shillings per hundred Weight for all other Window-glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flafiied or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, made in Great Britain; and fourteen Shillings per hundred Weight for all Glass called German Sheet Glassy made in Great Britain; and three Shillings and Sixpence per hundred Weight for all Common Bottles, not being Phials, and for all other Vessels or Utensils made of Common Bottle Metal made in Great Britain; and after that Kate for a greater or Icffer Quantity: And if such Collector shall not have Money in h:s Hands to pay the same, then the said respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said Certificate or Certificates out of the Duties upon Glass, arising by this or the said recited Act.

XXXVI. And whereas it frequently happens that the Collectors of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, who are by Law required and impowered to administer the Oath or Affirmation, and thereupon to give Certificates that such Duties have been duly paid or secured,

are frequently absent from Home in the Execution of other Parts of their Duty, whereby the Exportation of such Wares or Merchandise may be greatly delayed be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain respectively for the Time being, or the major Part of them, within their several Districts, to administer such Oath or Affirmation, in the Absence of the respective Collectors, to the Persons so applying for the same, in order to export such Wares and Merchandises as aforesaid, and to give gratis to such Persons such Certificate or Certificates as required by the several Acts whereby f uch Duties are respectively charged upon such Wares or Merchandises, in the same Manner as the Collectors of Excise are by Law required and impowered to do.

XXXVII. And whereas Frauds have been committed by relanding or unshipping of Glass, after be- ing entered and shipped for Exportation, and also by entering broken Glass or waite Glass fur Exportation, in order to obtain the Drawback or Allowance for the same, as if it was Glals exported for Merchandise, which was the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act; now the better to prevent such Abuses,’ be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the shipping of any Glass to be exported pursuant to this present Act, in order to obtain the respective Allowances or Drawbacks therein mentioned, the Glass so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be fraudulently unshipped, unladed, relanded, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, the Exporter or Exporters of such Glass, and all and every Person and Persons who shall be any ways concerned, or aiding or assisting, in fraudulently unshipping, unlading, relanding, or putting into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, any Part of the said Glass, in any Part of Great Britain, shall, for every fuctv Offence, forfeit and lose th* Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every Person and Persons who shall knowingly enter, or cause or suffer to be entered, any broken or waste Glass for Exportation, with Intent that any Drawback or Allowance should be obtained, shall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, for every such Offence, also forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXaVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, being a Maker of Glass, or who is or shall be any way interested in, or concerned in, the Trade or Business of making Glass, or in any Glass-house or Glass-houses already or hereafter to be set up, shall, during such Time as he shall be so concerned or interested in such Glals Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Gals-house as aforesaid, or in any of the said Trades or Businesses, be capable, or have any Power to act as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall any ways concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this present Act, or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Duty or Duties imposed upon Glass, or upon the Materials for making of Glass; and in case any luefi. Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, pre/ume to execute any such* Powers or Authorities, it is hereby enidted and declared, That all and every such Act so done, by such Person or Persons shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIX. And whereas there* may have been Contracts or Bargains made for the Pure ha fe and Sale of home-made Glass and Bottles, to be delivered and received at future Times after the said firm Day of 4 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-leven; which Contrails and Bargains, by Reafi n of the Duties on Glass and Glass Bottles lieu by impoted, cannot be complied with by tfte StLeis without great Loss and Damage;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contradb or Bargains made, or to be made, before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand kven hundred and seventy-seven, for the Purchase and Sale of home-made Glass or Glais Bottles, to be delivered and received at any future Time or Times, which shall not be performed and complied with on or before the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall be, and ace hereby declared 10 be, null and void,

and

a Drawback shall be paid.

Commission era* of Eicife to appoint Perf m to administer Oath* in the Absence of Collectors.

Penalty on fraudulently rcl*r>ding, &c. Glal* shipped for Eg-pot tat ion;

or entering-b oke» or wtllr Gftia.

NoO'afs-maker, to act as a of Peace in any Matter re^at ng n» the Duties on Guff*

Alt Con*taf>4 for home made Clas? or GUft Bo ties, which shall noi be per-f imril before J-*ly 1777» to be vai* 5

T2

2nd all Money ?dv>need on Ac-

« i.i,nr vf such C»f.tra:?f, to h?

with intv r:i\

Pon vlty on Per-

i. ns '-.i'1'! ufhng C-lir"' in the I-v-; uiion of this

/. v I.

fm'rjes and f <! 'cituits how t.> bt recovered and applied.

Afi 29 Geo. TI.

i( r gr firing Du-t ir< cr. Silver

repealed.

Per ft-m fucd.for ex^cutinp tliia Act, may plead the general

I line,

and recover table Costs*

[Preamble.]

Act 16 Geo. III. recited.

Any Person au-

thoi i fed by h s M^j *y to grant pjrcinns See. rra v gr jftt a Li-crnce to tarry Captures in'O any Port in America.

C. 4.0, Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

and of no Effect; and in case any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been advanced and paid by any Purchaser or Purchasers for or on account of any home-made Glass or Glass Bottles, which shall not be delivered on or before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all fuel^ Sums of Money shall be forthwith repaid to the Person or Persons who shall have advanced and paid the same, together with legal Intereil for the same, from the Time and Times that such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been respectively advanced and paid.

XL. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Maker of Ghfs, or any other Person or Persons, shall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers in the Execution of any of the Powers given him or them by this Act for ascertaining and Securing the said Duties upon Glass, the Person or Persons so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, shall be Sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered of mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, by this Act, or by Action of Debfj Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court or Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or Sue for the same.

XLII. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the Rates and Duties arising by an Act*, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to kis Majesty several Rates and Duties, payable by all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, are very vexatious and troublesome in the levying and collecting the same, and of small Advantage to the Public;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the several annual Rates and Duties charged by the said recited Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations established and prescribed by the Lid recited £ft, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said Rates and Duties, and ail Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in Execution; save only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Rates and Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said fifth Day of^Wy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; any Thing hereln-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the general Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdi# shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XL.

An Act to authorise the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of his Majesty's Dominions in North America; and for ascertaining the Value of such Part of Ships and Goods as belong to the Recaptors.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset’s Bay,

Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, Jading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset*s Bay \ 4 and also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce of the Cobs- nies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons* to issue Proclamations, in the cases, and for the Purposes therein mentioned); it was (amongst other Things) provided and enacted, That no Captures which mould be taken by virtue of the said Act, should be carried into any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, therein before particularly mentioned, during and so long Time as such Colonies or Plantations respectively should continue in a State of Rebellion: And whereas many such Captures have been, since the passing of the said Act, carried into the Port and Harbour of New York, and it may be expedient to allow that such Captures should be carried into the said Port and Harbour, or into any other Port, Harbour, or Place, in his Majesty's Dominions aforesaid, provided the same be done with the Consent, Licence, and Warrant, of the said Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant a Pardon or Pardons to any Number or Description of Persons be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons, as aforesaid, and they, or either or any of them, fcrfc hereby impowered to grant his or their Licence or Warrant, authoring any Captor or Captors,

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 41.

or any other Person or Persons whatsoever in their Behalf, to carry any such Captures into any Port, Harbour, or Place, in any of his Majesty's Dominions aforesaid; any Thing in the Lid Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures wh:ch have been already carried into the said Poit and Harbour of New York^ or which, before the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry-leven, shall be carried in there, or inro any of his RBijtsty's Dominions, with such Licence and Warrant as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been lawfully carried into such Port or Harhcu* \ and after Condemnation as lawful Prize, the same shall and may, with the like Licence and Warrant, be exported from thence, and brought and imported into this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty's Dominions, upon Payment of the same Customs and Duties, and subject to the same Restric-and Regulations in all other Rtfpecb, as the same now are subject to by the said recited Act; any Thing therein to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

III. And whereas, since the patting of the said Act, several Sh:ps and Vessels, wuth their Cargoes,

which had been taken by the Inhabitants of some of his Majesty's rebellious Colonies or Plantations in America, and were afterwards retaken, have been condemned in the Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty

rahy in the lle/l Indies, and in America, and afterwards lo!d in order to ascertain one-eighth Par: of the Value of such Ships, Vessels, and Cargoes, to which the Recaptors are intirled by virtue of the said Act; by Means whereof the original Owners, and others interested therein, have been greatly damnified: For Remedy whereof/ be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, taken by virtue of the said Act, or any Goods therein, shall appear and he proved, in any Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty aforesaid, to have belonged to any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great B. i-t*in or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining and continuing in their Allegiance to the King, and under his Majesty's Protection, and to have been taken or surprized by any of the Inhabitants of his Majesty's rebellious Colonies or Plantations therein before mentioned, and to be in the possession or Bovver of such unlawful Captor at the Time of such retaking: then, and in such Case, such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects remaining and continuing under his Protection and Obedience, as aforesaid, shall in all Cases be adjudged to be rtftored, and shall be, by Decree of the said Vice admiralty Court, accordingly restored to such Owner or Owners, he or they paying one-eighth of the Value the rcof to the Rcraptors, or giving good and sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction or the Recaptors, to pay one-eighth of the true Value of such Ship and Goods so retaken, for and in lieu of Salvage: And for ascertaining such one-eighth Part, where it shall be judged necessary by the Owner or Owners of such Vessel or Boat, or the Goods therein so retaken aforesaid, to be removed into any other Pent or Place in order to be sold or disposed of, the Judge of the Vice admiral y Courr, in which the said Ship and Goods shall be decreed to be restored, shall forthwith cause the same n be appraised by Persons to be named by the Claimant and Recaptors; or if they do not agree, to be appointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the heft of their Skill and Knowledge; and that no Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, laden therein, so retaken as aforesaid, shall be sold or disposed of for the Purpose of paying any such Salvage or eighth Part, or on any ether Account whatsoever, unless by the Consent of the Owners; except in Cases where there shall be no Claim for such retaken Ships, Vessels, Boats, or Goods; in which Case, the Judge of the said Vice-admiralty Court shall order as much of the Cargo, afrer having been appraised as aforesaid, to be sold, as will be sufficient to pay the Recaptors the one-eighth of the Value of the Ship and Cargo, and the Expences of the Appraisement and Sale; and if the Cargo be not sufficient for that Purpose, then the Ship or Vessel to be likewise sold, and the Remainder, after paying the said Salvage, to be deposited in the Registry of such Vice-admiralty Court, for the Benefit of the Owners who shall thereafter apply for and claim the same; and except also in such Cases where any Part of the Cargo shall appear to be in a periling Condition; in which Case the said Judge shall direct the Sale of such perifning Bart, for the Benefit of the Persons concerned therein.

1

All Captnr-s

u hi h hnvtr Iv c n cairird in'.j -h- Harbour of N*. York, o b -'.re Aug. % J;77» b: oh d ir,t~ ar\ oi fiiv Dr-

r imer., vi'h LWr.ct- as it >rc-f/i \ O’)!' h-df m'd *( h \ b :rn 1j-a lul y taJii.d in, &c.

VrfT 1«, &c. v }>i< h had bern r.iker» ^foTi 'tts

NT a* tty’s S b-j( fts not in Re. b; )i *n, an J v Inch shall be r.taken,

fli.ill Hr rpflered to the OwnCTf,

on pay:ne i-?rh Par: of thr Va» ' hit thereof.

Vc'T 1-, &c. ta

be an^raisei

tut ror fri t without the Consent of the O nets; exce. t,

CAP. XLI.

An Act to prevent the chnJestine unshipping from and receiving Goods at Sea on Board Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the Manner of d 1-charging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Mailers of Rritiffj or Irish Ships, Bailing from any of his Majesty's Dominions into the Balticto deliver a Manifello of their Cargoes to the British Con;ul residing the re.

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made to prevent the clandestine running of Goods from on board Ships employed in the Service of the East India Company-on their homeward Voyages, and the

receiving of Goods on board such Ships at Sea on their outward Voyages from this Kingdom, are insufficient to answer those Purposes, it having been found by Experience that very large Quantities of Muslins,

Tea<, and other Goods, a:e unshipped Irom on board such Ships in:o Vessels that meetihem at Sea on their Voyages homewards, which Goods are afterwards run on Si’,ore on the Coafisof this Kingdom without

Payment of Duties; and also that large Quantities of Wine. Brandy, and other Goods, are clandestinely laden and put on board Ships employed in the said Compare’s Service on their outward-bound Voyages

at Sea, from Vessels that wait hovering for them upon the Coast of this Kingdom, laden with such Goods from foreign Parts; to the great Loss of the public Revenue, the Detriment of the East India Company, and the Prejudice of the fair Traders: For Remedy whereof/ may it please your Majesty

[Preamble.]

U4

Penalty on an* /hipping Goods at Sea from any homeward-bound Vessel employed by the East India Company, at any Distance from the CoaAs of this Kingdom (unless in case of Netcflity, &c.)j

or on putting on board any such Vessel outward-bound, after the has left the Port of London, any Wine, Brandy, tec. except for the Use of the Person* on board during the Voyage#

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

After Sept. 29, 1777, no Bond which shall be given for the Exportation of prohibited Goods, or Goods in titled to a Drawback, shall be discharged, until proper Certificates shall be produced of the Fxnoiration :fcid Landing thereof#

C. 41. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Muslin, Tea, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, shall be unshipped at Sea, and taken out of any Ship or Vessel employed in the Service of the said East India Company, on her Voyage homewards to this Kingdom, at any Distance from the Coasts thereof (unless in Case of apparent Necessity, or some other lawful Reason, of which the Master, Commander, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall give immediate Notice to, and make Proof of before, the Collector and Comptroller, or the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the first Port of this Kingdom where he shall arrive); all such Muslin, Tea, or other Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, and every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, into which the same shall be unshipped and taken, or which shall be used in the removing, carrying, or conveying the same, shall be forfeited and lost; and the Master, Commander, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel from which such Goods shall be so unshipped and taken, knowingly permitting or suffering such Goods to be so unshipped and taken out of such Ship or Vessel, and every other Person who shall be aiding, aflxfting, or otherwise concerned in the! unshipping or receiving of such Goods, shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after Ihe said twenty-fourth Day of Junes if any Wine, Brandy, or other Goods whatsoever, shall be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel, employed in the Service of the said East India Company, at Sea, at any Distance from the Coasts of this Kingdom, after such Ship or Vessel hath been cleared outwards, and departed from the Port of London on her outward-bound Voyage (excepting such Provisions and Stores as shall be necessary for the Use and Sustenance of the Persons on board such Ship or Vessel during the Voyage), all such Wine, Brandy, and other Goods, and every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, out of and from which such Wine, Brandy, or other Goods, shall be so unladen, shall be forfeited and lost; and the Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge of such East India Ship, knowingly permitting or suffering any such Goods to be so taken on board such Ship, and every other Person who shall be aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping or receiving of the said Goods, shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, as well specific as pecuniary, by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney-general, or in the Name of Tome Officer or Officers of the Customs, by the same Rules, Methods, Ways, and Means, as other Penalties and Forfeitures infhfted for Offences against the Laws for securing the Revenue of Customs are and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered; and that one-third Part of all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one other third Part thereof to the Use of the said United Company, and the remaining third Part thereof to the Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall inform and prosecute for the same

IV. And whereas the Provisions made by Law for the discharging Bonds entered into for the due Exportation of Goods which are prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, or which are intitled to a Drawback, Bounty, or Premium, upon Exportation into foreign Parcs, have been found insufficient to answer the Purposes intended, there being great Reason to believe the Certificates of such Goods being landed abroad have, in many cases, been fraudulently obtained, notwithstanding the Goods have been relanded in Great Britain, contrary to the Condition of such Bonds 5 for Remedy whereof/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, no Bond, which shall be given in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the due and regular Exportation of any Goods, which now are or hereafter may be prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, or which now are or hereafter m ?y be intitled to any Drawback, Bounty, or Premium, payable out of any Money arising by the Revenue of Customs upon Exportation from this Kingdom into foreign Parts, shall be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until Certificates shall be produced of the Exportation to and landing such Goods at the Ports and Places mentioned in such Bonds, or until Proof be made upon Oath in relation thereto, in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; that is to say, In case any such Goods shall be entered for Exportation to Ireland, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America\ a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs where such Goods shall be landed, ttftifying the landing thereof, and describing the Number of the Casks, Chests, or other Package containing the same, and the particular Maiks of such Casks, Chests, or Package; and the Condition of all such Bonds to be given for the Exportation of such Goods to Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, shall be to produce such Certificate within six Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted; and the Condition of all such Bonds to be given for the Exportation of any such Goods to the British Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be to produce such Certificate in eighteen Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, the Dangers of the Seas and Energies excepted: And in case any such Goods shall be entered for Exportation to any other Part of Europe, such Bond shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like Certificate shall be produced, under the Hand and Seal of the British Confu), or other Person acting as such, who shall be resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed; or if there be no such British Conrul, or Person acting as such, re-fidinj* there, then under the Hand and Common Seal of the Chief M.igistrate for such Port or Place; and the Condition of such last mentioned Bonds shall be to produce such Cerificate in fifteen Calendar Months ftom the Date of such Bonds, the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted: And if any such Goods shall be entered for Exportation to any Place within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter, such Bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like Certificate shall be produced, under

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 115

the Hands and Seals of the Governor and Council at and for the Place where such Goods shall be landed; and the Condition of all such Bonds shall be to produce such Certificates within thirty Calendar Months from the Date of such Bonds, the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted: And in case any such Goods shall be entered for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas in Africa, such Bonds shall not^ be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like Certificate shall be produced, under the Hand and Seal of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, if any such Officer shall be established at the Place where such Goods shall be landed) and if no such Officer shall be established there, then, and in that Case, not until a like Certificate shall be produced, under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul, of other Person acting as such, at the Place where such Goods shall be landed; and the Condition of all such Bonds as shall be given for the Exportation of such Goods to any Part of Act tea, where any Officer of the Customs shall or may be established, or where any British Consul, or Person acting as such, may be resident, shall be to produce such respective Certificates within eighteen Calendar Months from the Date of such Bonds: And if such Goods shall be entered for Exportation to or landed at any Part of Africa, where no Officer of the Customs shall be established, or no British Consul, or Person acting as such, shall be resident, then, and in that Case, such Bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until Proof is made by the Oath of the Master and Mate, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel during the Voyage in which such Goods were exported, that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of in or on some Part of the Coast of Africa, and had not been relanded in Great Britain, Ireland\ or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro; and by the Oath of the Merchant Exporter, if living, that, to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief, the said Goods had been landed or disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the Oath made by the Master and Mate, or other Person taking the Charge of the Ship or Vessel during the Voyage, and have npt been brought back again or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro; which Oaths shall be made within eighteen Calendar Months from the Date of each respective Bond, before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs for the Port where such Bond was given, who are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to administer the same: And in case no such Certificates shall be respectively produced, or Proof made as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, to cause such Bonds to be put in Suit, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, where any British or Irish Ship or Vessel shall fail from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, to any Port or Place in the Baltick, where any Consul now is or hereafter may be appointed for his Majesty's Subjects trading thither, the Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, within ten Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at such Port or Place, deliver to the said Consul residing the re, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by him, a true Manifest in Writing, upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, with the Marks and Numbers of the Package containing the same, if unloaded or delivered there, or of such Part thereof as shall be so unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; which Oath such Consul, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer gratis 5 and in case any Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Manifest in the Manner herein directed, such Consul, or other Person or Persons appointed by him, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to detain the Clearance outwards of such Ship or Vessel, and not to give or deliver any Dispatch, Passport, or Bill of Health, for any such Ship or Vessel.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and bjf the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant and Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law*

CAP. XLII.

An Act for preventing Abuses in the making and vending Bricks and Tiles.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made for regulating the Dimensions of Bricks for Sale, and for

fixing the Lengths, Breadths, and Thicknesses of Pantiles, have expired, and there is at present no Provision made by any Law for that Purpose: And whereas many Inconveniencies have arisen to, the Public by Frauds committed in lessening the Size of Bricks under their usual Proportion without any Diminution of Price: For Remedy whereof, and for the common Good and Benefit of your Majesty's Subjects,’ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all Bricks which shall be made or burnt

Commander! of

British or Irish Vefie'i!, within ten Days after Arrival at any Port in the Baltic Ic *here

BritiiT» Consul refidr<, shall deliver to him, in Writing, the Particulars of their Car^o, &c.

Defendants, In any Suit relating to thii Ad>, m«y pi'.ad the GeLC-rat Issue,

and recover Treble Costs*

After July f, 1777, all Bnckt

m-idi- in tn^Und* for S tie to he

I-half iuhe»

116

long, i J-half thick, and 4 v iAc; and all Pantiles 13 1 hdf Inches Ion*; 9 1 half W d", and half an Inch thick. Penalty on making Bricks or Tiles of itfs Dimension*.

Mashes of Sieves, &c. not to be more than a Quarter of an Inch asunder.

All Contrafts for ingrossing of Bucks and iles, or for hindering a free Sale thereof, &c. (hah be void.

Penalty on Brick makers, &c. who, after July I, 1777» shall enter into, f^n, or continue in, any such Contract.

Penalties and Forfeitures may be levied by Distress;

a^d shall he piid, H Atto the In-/oru er, and Hj f to the Poor of the Parish.

On Failure of O.dress, OffenJer to be coai4ii(led.

How Tudices so pocet d for Conviction of Offenders.

Form of Con-vi&iou.

Information so be laid within a Month after Sale Dchveiy, See,

C. 42. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

for Sale in any Part of England, shall, when burnt, be not less than eight Inches and an Half long, and not less than two Inches and an Half thick, and not less than four Inches wide; and that all Pantiles which shall, from and after the said fit ft Day of July> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, be made for Sale in any Part of England shall, when bu nt, be not less than thirteen Inches and an Half long, and not less than nine Inches and an Half wide, and not less than Half an Inch thick.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, at any Time or Times from and after the said hi ft Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall make any Bricks or Pantiles for Sale, which, when burnt, shall be of less Dimensions in Length, Breadth, or Thickness, than the same are herein-before prescribed to be, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every thousand of Bricks, and the Sum of ten Shillings for every thousand of Pantiles, and so proportionably for a greater or leiler Number of Bricks or Pantiles that shall be so made for Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Size of the Sieves or Screens for sifting or fereening Sea Coal Afties to be mixed with Brick Earth in the making of Bricks, shall not exceed one Quarter of an Inch between the Mashes of such Sieve or Screen.

IV. And, for preventing all Combinations amongst any Brick-makers or Tile-makers, in order to advance or inhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles,’ be it further enacted, That all and every Contract or Contracts, Covenant or Covenants, Agreement or Agreements, whether the same be in Writing or nor, heretofore made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any Brick-maker or Tile-maker, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever concerned or interested, or to be concerned or interested, in the making of any Bricks or Tiles for Sale, for ingrossing of Bricks and Tiles, or for restraining or hindering any Person or Persons whomsoever from freely felling the same, or for limiting or fixing any certain Price or Prices, under which the same shall not be (old, shall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes: And if any Brick-maker or Tile-maker, or other Penon concerned or interested, or to be concerned or interested, in the making of Bricks or Tiles for Sale, shall, at any Time afrer the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-sevenr keep up, continue, act in, make, enter into, sign, fca), or be knowingly iniercfttd or concerned in any such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, herein-before declared to be illegal, null, and void, or shall knowingly aor officiate therein as Clerk, Agent, or Servant, to or for any Person so contracting, agreeing, or acting, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of 1 his Add, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay in Manner following; (that is to say) Every Brick-maker or Tile-maker, or other Person concerned or interested in making Bricks or Tiles for Sale, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and every Clerk* Agent, or Servant, the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety of which Penalties shal 1 go and he applied to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, within six Calendar Months next after the said Offence shall have been committed; to be recovered, with full CofL of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, (half be allowed, or more than one Imparlance given.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and afrer the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or authorised to be imposed, the Manner of levying of which hath not been other wise provided for, shall and may, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, and Comiction before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Justice is hereby authorised and impowered to h-^ar and determine the same, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one credible Witness, and is also authorised and required to grant such Warrant for the Purposes aforesaid, and to administer such Oath gratis; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall from Time to Time be paid, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offender or Offenders shall live; or in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the Matter shall aiif>, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize;, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Woids, or in any Form of Words to the same Erf’eCl, as the Case may be; videlicet:

remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A B. is convicted before me C.D. one of his Maj fts’s

Justices of the Peace fur the County or Place (as tht> Case may be); [Specifying the Offence^ Time and Plaee when and where the fume was cofnn.it ted, as the Case shall be J.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.*

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Penalty inflicted by this Act, in respect of the Dune niions of Bricks or Tiles, shall be recovered, unless the Information shall be laid within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Sale or Delivery of such Bricks or Tiles, nor shall any Person be liable to more than one Penalty for any one Offence.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 117

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves Person*aggnev-aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may, within the Space of 1°

(our Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace h, 1'*

at any General Qiniter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, such Appellant giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one entire Days on giving twen-Notice, at the lead, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause !j‘one or Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons whose Acts are complained against; and within eight Days ot, ce, c* after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some such Justice as aforesaid, with two sufficient Securities, conditioned to try such Appeal at, 2nd abide the Order of, and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of the Notice so given, and of the Recognizance so taken, shall proceed to hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be binding and consternflnadon elusive to all Intents agd Purposes; and no Order made, concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any £e ina1^ other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed n* for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to mak:rtg any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Railins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof*, and for explaining the said Rule with re'pest to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods *, and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the ii'ejl Indies, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

AO 12 Can II. recited.

and is now in Force, excepting such Alterations as have been since made with respect to Wines and Tobacco, it is provided, That if any Tobacco, or other Goods or Merchandise, brought into this Kingdom, shall receive any Damage by Salt-water, or otherwise, so that the Owner thereof shall be prejudiced in the Sale of such Goods, the principal Officers of the Custom-house, or any two of them,

whereof the Collector for the Time being to be one, shall have Power to chuse two indifferent Mer- chants, experienced in the Value of such Goods, who, upon visiting the said Goods, shall certify and declare, upon their corporal Oaths first administered by the said Officers, what Damage such Goods- have received, and are lessened in their true Value; and according to such Damage, in relation to the Rates set on them in the said Brok of Rates, the said Officers are to make a proportionable Abatement,- unto the Merchant or Owner, of the Subsidy due for the same: And whereas frequent Disputes do arise between the Officers of the Custams and the Merchants in adjusting the Allowances which Currants and Raisins may deserve and be intitled to, it having been found by Experience extremely difficult to distinguish what Damage such Goods have received by unavoidable Accident in the Couife of the Voyage, Irom the natural and consequential Decay some of these Articles are particularly liable to from heating, if of an inferior Quality, or packed in bad Condition before they are shipped in foreign Parts, which has put the Merchants, trading in these Commodities at different Ports in this Kingdom, upon a very unequal Footing, and been, very prejudicial to the public Revenue:* Now, for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June) one thousand seven hundr ed and seventy-seven, the said eleventh Rule, annexed to the said Book of Rates, so far as the same relates ro Currants and Raisins, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, made void, and shall no longer be put in Practice; any Thing in the said Act of Tonnage and Poundage, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it may be reasonable to make the Merchants importing such Goods a certain Compensation for the Allowance they would be ini led to out of the several Duties, in proportion to the different Damage such Goods may be liable to, whereby the Revenue may be coSlefted with greater Certamty, and not so liable to Abuse;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, it shall and may be lawrul for the prep* r Officers of the Customs, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, to make the following Abatement or Deduction, from the net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of the several Goods herein after expressed, to the Merchant or Merchants importing the lame; that is to say. For Currants, eight Pounds per Centum; for Raisins Soli-, one Pound per Centum; for Smyrna Rafins, six Pounds per Centum \ for Li pari. Faro, Bel-vide re, and Great or Lexia Raisins, ten Pounds per Centum; and for Denia Raisins, twenty Pounds per Centum; which said several Abatements shall be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all former Allowances such Goods were respectively intitled to in consideration of any Dam?ge whatsoever j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

After June 24/ 1777. the 1 rh > Rule in the Book of Rates, so far ts it relate* to Currants and

Rafins, shall be repealed.

C.rain Deductions to be made from the Dur c% pay. hie on 'he ImfOrUtit^i c£ Curran'S ,nd Rlifim.

118

No Abatement to be made in the Duties on any other Goods, by virtue of the said nth Ru’e, unless the Ira* porter shall prove they are damaged by iome Accident, See,

An Act of 13 and 14. Car. If. recited.

From June 24, >777* to June *4> *779. Tobacco-pipe Clay may be exported to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies.

[Preamble.]

Act art Geo. If. further continued for four Years.

Act 10 Geo. III.

further continued for seven Years.

C. 44. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of june, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, no Abatement or Allowance shall be made in the Duties for any other Goods whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of the said eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates hereinbefore recited, for or on account of any Damage such Goods may have received, unless the Importer or Owner of such Goods shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London or Edinburgh respectively, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Out-ports of this Kingdom where such Goods may be imported, that such Goods are damaged, and are leflfened in their true Value, by means of some unavoidable Accident which happened to them during the Course of the Voyage, after such Goods were shipped and laden in foreign Parts on board such Ship or Vessel importing the same, and before such Goods were landed in this Kingdom; any Thing in the said Rule, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act against exporting of Sheep, Wool* Woolf ells, Mortlings,

ShortlingSj Tarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-earth, Fulling-clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay), and by several other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom into foreign Parts is prohibited: And whereas Tobacco-pipe Clay is absolutely necessary and useful in the cleansing and improving of Powdered Sugars, and is at this Time very much wanted for that Purpose in the British Sugar Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, and it is expedient to permit the Exportation thereof to the said Colonies for a limited Time; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to export, from any Port in this Kingdom, any Quantity of Tobacco-pipe Clay to any British Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, in any Ship or Vessel that may lawfully trade thither; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.IV.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the Kland of Dominica into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of J9n7//fc-made Cordage.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for seven Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, is further continued from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend two Alls, made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, " for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America ft and for extending the Provisions of an All of the thirtieth Year of his late Majestys Reign, with respect to bringing Prize-goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize-goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, is further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, is further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same, together with all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, and Clauses, mentioned in the said recited Act of the third Year of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-firth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported, which was to continue in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45, 46. 119

continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Barky when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain RatCy

for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force for five Yer.rs, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for opening and establishing certain c< Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Ifand of Domxmzz into any other of the Britishi Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America, for a limited Time; as relates to allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the Island of Dominica into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America, for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of th* then next P-»ri;,mPnt. shall he. and the same is hereby

continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of November, one thousand leveu nuuuitu m.o eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage \ and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported; which was to be in Force from the first Day of July% one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the Term of three Years; and which, by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Act 1* Geo. IJL further continued for five Years.

So much of an Act of 1 j Geo. III. as relates to expoiting Timber from nica to the British lilindt, Arc. in America, further continued for five Year*.

Act 6 Geo. Iff. further continued for four Years.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Further Time given till Jan. 1, 1778.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

5,coo, odo/. to be raised by Annuities, and 500,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the c,000,000l. to be intitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon the Sinking Fund. Every Contributor of 100l. shall, upon Payment of 10l. more, be intitled to a Lottery Ticket. Preamble; reciting, that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 5,000,000l. intitled to an Annuity of 4l. per Cent. for ten Years, tAc. and an Annuity of 10 r. for ten Years only.-Annuities to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, &c. Cashier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which shall be assignable, lAc. Cashier to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general's Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered, lAc, Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit. Contributors who shall pay 30/ per Cent. of their Subscriptions, on or before June 30, 1777, shall have an Annuity of ior. for every roc /. subscribed, to continue for ten Years. Annuities granted by this Act charged upon the Sinking Fund. Governor, tAc. of the Bank to appoint a Chief-Cashier, and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant-general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant-general, wherein shall be' entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act. Method of transferring. The Annuities of i&s. per Cent. per. Ann. shall be a separate Stock from the other Annuities. Persons possessVd of Stock may>' devise the same by Will, lAc. Commissioners of the Treasury are to discharge all incidental Charges-attending the Execution of this Act. After the Expiration of ten Years, from April 5, 1777, on six Months Notice, and Repayment by Parliament, tAc. Annuities to cease. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 500*0®© /. to be raised by a Lottery; the Prizes whereof

1 20

C. 47. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

[Proviso.]

to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Seflian. Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books, is'e. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, anl deliver them to the Cashiers of the B.»nk, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Ticktts, with an Account of Monies paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be relied up, and 41 fiftened with Thread or Silk; and cut oh' indentwise into a Box narked with the Letter (A). Box to be locked up, and lealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which ^0,000 Tickets are to be prinud. The Number 2nd Value of the fortunate Tickets. $o~ / to ea h li ft-drawn ticket of the first ten Days, and loot / to the last-drawn.^ Tickets of the outermost Columns of the Iaft men- tinned Book to be rolled up and tied. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. 44 Lottery tob^gin drawing on Nov. 17, 1777. Method to be obfeived in drawing, C'V. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Difptites to be adjusted by the Managers. Penalty oa forging Tickets, Lfc. Felony. Offenders (notin Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Par-*4 don, and 50/ Reward. Managers to be sworn The Oath. Cashier miy receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the same; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 10l. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times li-4f mited, forfeit their Deposits with respect to the Lottery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, ts'e. as they shall think, fit. Limi a ion of the Sale of Chances, iAc* Penalty. Office keepers, is'c. felling Shares in Tickets of which th/y are not possessed, forfeit <oc / and fuller three Months Impi ifonment. No Person shall keep any Office for the Sale of Tickets, ifc. in Oxford or Cambridge^ on Penalty of an / Oflvnde s may be prosecuted in Vri^> C’uure. Poireitures may be levied by Did efs, tSc. Proceedings

' not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient Surety is given to prosecute the same with Effi <51, Gfc, 44 This Act not to prejudice the Privileges and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, iAc. of Or ford. Offences committed in Ireland against British Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, made punishable; Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 500,000/ for the Payment of the fortunate kkers, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Stfiion; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 44 1778, tSc- Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, ilfe. and signed, &c. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, 44 or for any Receipts, fAc. on Penalty of 2:/. General Issue. Treble Costs."

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and feyentyTcven j and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned \ and do therefore most humbly befeeth your Majesty that it may be enacted, is’e.

*4 1,939,636l. $s,()d.7q. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury irr.powered to raise the said Sum, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund. All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of *4 Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest Orders to be registered in Course. 44 No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs. ' Penalty of undue Preference in point of Regiftty or Payment Auditor, is'e. neglect- ing his Duty, liable for Damages, tAc. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the re- giftering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. Orders may be assigned. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made as those prescribed by the Land Tax Act of this Section. 44 All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act of this Session, relating to Loans or Exch equer 13.1 is thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said Exchequer Bills, interest, and 4< Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 44 1,939,636 /. 5 s. 9 d. 3 q.; notwithstanding Act 5 and 6 Gul. iA Marir. The Sum of 295,8 2 /. 1 $ s. ( d.; *44 and 760,363l. 14 s. 2 d. 1 q. Surplus of the Sinking Fund in the Exchequer on April 5, 1777; and *4 3*9^/ 'is.jd. remaining in the Exchequer of the Duties on Rice exported, and Apples imported, and on Cambricksand Sugars, granted*by 6 Geo. III. and Monies paid by Counties who have not raised Mi- litiaj and also of imprest Monies remaining for the Disposition of Parliament; — and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April ", 1777, and April 5, 177S, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; —and such Sums as shall be paid into the Exchequer by the Executors of the late Lord Holland; shall be applied towards making good the Supply. Out of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, 1,791 / os. 7 d. to be applied towards the necessiry Expences of the Forces in America, u Nova Scotia^ Newfoundland, and the ceded Islands, for the Year 17"7-—1 ^97> / s. granted last Setfioa 11 for defraying the Charge of the Artillery of the Landgrave of Hcjje Cajftlf for the Year 1776; —3,3^3l.< a.

$d.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 48.

u $d. granted last Session Tor defraying the Charge of the Artillery of Hana't; and 4^3 1. U)S. qd t q. font of the Savings of a Granr of Lft Session, for the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of IVaLLAf, find] be an-u plied towards defraying the Change of Artillery for the foreign Troops in the Pav of Great Britain for the Year 1*76. The Monies arising by the Land Tax, —Malt Tax,— i^ropro/, by Exchequer Bills,—Monies arising by the Annuities and Lottery,— 1,0*0,000l. by the Vote of Credit,—and 2 5,832l. 18l. 44 6 d. 3 q. remaining in the Exchequer on "January 5, i7~.7;—and 7 60,36;/. in, id. 1 q. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 17*7;—and 2,919l. t ? s. 7 d. of the Monies on Rice expored, and Duties on Apples imported, and on Sugars and Cambrirks, by Act 6 Geo. III. and the Monies paid by Counties 41 who have not raised Militia; and the imprest Monies remaining for the Dispofidnn of Parliament; and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 17-7, and April 5, 1778, of the Pro- duce of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and 1,9;9,6^6 /. 5 4. 9 d. 5 q. by this Act granted, out of the Excelfts, LY. composing the Sinking Fund; together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War; and also such Sums of Money as his Majesty shall direct: to be applied to the public Service, which shall arise out of the Sale of the ceded Islands in the Hefl Indies; shall be applied to the Uses following: 2,206,205 /. 2 j, io d. towards Naval Services; 44 1,coo,000l. towards paying off and discharging the De bt of the Navy. 4000l. to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, &c. 320,111l. 1 S 4. 11 d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, and

272,705 /. 18 4. 1 d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, not provided for in 1776; 3,79 ,241l. gj, 44 3 d. 1 q. towards maintaining the Land Forces; of which 648,009l. 1 ( s. c d. for defraying the Charges of 20,731 effective Men, LY. and 3213 Invalids, for Guards, LY. in Great Britain, kc.; 948,329l. 44 1 or id. for Forces and Garrisons in Africa, &c. 47,178 /. oj. 3 d. to make good the Difference of Pay between the Brivjh and Irish Establishment of Troops serving in America; 11,473 /. 1 Ss. 6d. Halfpenny, for General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain; 56,074l. 19 4. 4 d Halfpenny, for five Hatiove- rian Battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for three of the said Battalions at Gibraltar, for the Year 1777; 336,9*2 /. 1 s. 6 d. 2 q. for 12,667 Troops of Hesse Caffcl. kc. 18,181 /. 15 4. 6 d. 1 q. 44 for a Regiment of Hanau, kc. 17,370l. 8 s. 2 d. 3 q. for a Regiment of IValdcck, &c. 93^94" /. U s. 8 A 44 for 4,300 Brunswickers, &c. 41*427 /. 17 s. 7 d. 1 y. for Provisions for foreign Troops serving in America 5 44 6,61 7 /.5 4. 3 iL i q. to make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session, for the Troops of the Landgrave of Hffe CaJJcl for the Year iy~r>; and 101; /. 16 4. 10 d. 3 q. for a Regiment of Foot of Hanatts for 1776; and 3,390l. 18 s. 4 d. \ q. for the Charge of Chaffcurs, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cojfef for 1^76; 36,-23l. ms. 8 d. Halfpenny, for a Regiment of Chaffcurs, the Troops of the Land- grave of Htffc Cafjel. kc. for 1777: 16,326 / ioj. 1 d. Halfpenny, for a Regiment of Chaffcurs of Hanau% 44 kc. for 1777: 9, 88l. 24. 4 2l. Halfpenny, for 128; Troops of the Margrave of Brannebourg Anfpach,

including Artillery, LA*, for 1777; 26,053l. 74. 4^. for defraying the Charge of Artillery for foreign Troops, for 17:7; S*i 52l. 3 </. 3 <7- for further defraying the Charge of Artillery for foreign

Troops, for 1776; 93,16 /. 8 4. 4 d. to the reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines; 7,-4 /. 1 4. 44 1 d. to the two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, LY.; 370l. for Pensions to Officers Widows, LY.; 44 1-5,279 /. 134. 9^7. to the Out-pensioners of Chcifca Hospital\ 1,200,602 /. 12l. 5*/. 2 q. towards extraor- dinary Expences of the Land Forces, LY. not provided for; 4N8.20l. 144, 5 d to discharge unsatisfied Claims, upon Account of Hospitals during the late War in Germany; 618,340l. 94. Od. 1 q. for discharging the Arrears due upon the Civil List, on January 2, 1777; 1,500,000/ for discharging Exchequer Bills of last Session; 1,0 0,000l. for paying off the Exchequer Bills of last: Session; 13,060l. 2 4. to make good to hL Majesty the like Sum issued in pursuance of the Ad lresses of the House of Commons; 44 3,co /. for the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John\ 2,816 /. for the Civil Establishment of Geor- gia; 4, *96l. 104. c d for supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia; 5,930l. for the Civil Efta- blishment of East Florida; 5,0 o/. for the Civil Establishment of West Florida; 2,903 /. t s for defraying Expences attending Surveys in North America; 5,550l. for supporting the Civil Establishment of Sene- gambia\ 6,997 /. 1 \ s. ~ d. on account of the Expence of new Roads, LY. in the Highlands of Scotland; 44 3000 I for the British Muf um; ^2,031l. 164. 6^/. for Relief of American Civil Officers, LY.; 1,879l. 44 104. to make good to his Majesty the like Sum issued to Duncan Campbell for the Expence of con-€< fining, Lfc. Convicts on the Thames; 44,599l. 134. 4 d. Halfpenny, to the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency on July 5, 1776, LA. 61,288l. 74. 1 d. 3^. to make good the Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the Year i*’~6. The said Aids to be applied only to the Uses before mentioned. By Act 44 13 G.0. III. a Sum not exceeding 97 ^5l. 12 4 was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers. Over- plus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, LY. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct."

I 2r

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward o#f Persons making lefier Discoveries for finding the same, or m iking other uleftil Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation; and to the making of Experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aid for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof c as relates to the Appointment and Authority f toe Commijhners thereby con flit uted^ and also such Cla uses as re-

[Preamble.]

Act 14 Geo. III. recited.

ia*e to the const uclingy printings publishing, vendin V oL>. XIII. Part I*

and liccufing of Nautical Almanacks and other ufful R 4 Tables;

122

Commissioners of the Navy, on being certified by the Commissioners of Longitude of the Probability of any Proposals for discovering the Longitude, &c.

shall order a Reward to be paid to the Author* of such Proposals.

C. 48, 49. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a 4 Method for finding the same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Expect- merits relating the reto); the Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea were authorised and im- powered to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals for discovering the said Longitude, or for making any other useful Improvement in Navigation; and in case they should think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, then to certify the same, together with the Names of the Author or Authors of such Proposal or Proposals, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy 5 and were also authorised and impowered, in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be intitled to any of the great Rewards in the said recited Act specified, yet that the said Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation; then to certify from Time to Time, under their Hands and Seals, to the said Commissioners of the Navy, such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the said Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think necessary for making such Experiments, or for rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation;

which Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer was thereby authorised and required to pay immedi- ately to such Person or Persons, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of any Money that should be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy: And whereas, by reason of several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude have nearly expended the Whole of the Sum of five thousand Pounds granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas, if proper Encouragement and Rewards were continued to be given to such ingenious Person or Persons as shall make any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards in the said recited Act specified, shall nevertheless he ad- judged, by the Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, to be of considerable Use to the Public, or who shall make other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, it would contribute to the Advantage of the Trade and to the Honour of this Kingdom may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be intitled to any of the great Rewards in the said recited Act specified, yet that the said Discovery is of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude; and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money for making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Money which shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.
---
[The Sums to be paid by virtue of this Act, not to exceed 5,000l.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not all together exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds.

[The Sums to be certified, and Payment made, agreeable to the Regulations of the above-recited Act.]

III. Provided also, That such Sum or Sums shall be certified, and such Bills shall be made out, and Payment thereof made, in such Manner, and under the same Regulations and Provisions, as are in and by the said recited Act prescribed, with regard to the Sum of five thousand Pounds, by the said Act made applicable to the Encouragement and Reward of such Person or Persons as should make lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or make other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the better making of Experiments relating thereto.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from the Estate of William Harry deceased, and his Sureties.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 123

CAP. L.
---
An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken Out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction* and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preamble, assembled, think that it would be for the Advantage of the Public that all Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of an AuAioneer should be obliged to take out a Licence for that Purpose, specifying their Names and Places of Abode respectively, and to grant unto your Majesty a Duty upon such Licences; and also a certain Rate upon all Sales of any Estates, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, sold by way c of AuAion, as herein after mentioned and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred After Sept, if, and seventy-seven, every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an AuAioneer, within the Cities of 1777» every London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the ^t^hin°the'bi 1 r« Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for a Licence to use and exercise. the said Trade or Business, of Mortality, to the Sum of twenty Shillings; and every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an AuAioneer, with- pay 20 s an-out the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall yield and pay annually, nually; to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade J'Vj ni.t1hout the or Business, the Sum of five Shillings. # 5

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be authorised by the Lord Brokers autho-Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to aA as a Broker within the said City, shall be liable rised by the to the Payment of any greater yearly Sum than five Shillings, for a Licence to aAas an AuAioneer within Lord Mayor,&c. the Cities of London and Westminster y any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. aft^Auaion

een on Payment of 5 s* annually.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth No Person after Day of September, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who now, or at any Time or Times hereafter, doth fhYu aa’alan7* or shall exercise the Calling or Occupation of an AuAioneer, Agent, FaAor, or Seller by Commission, at AuAioneer or any Sale of any Estates, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, Candle, Fatter, at the by Lot, Parcel, or any other Mode of Sale at AuAion, or whereby the best or highest Bidder is deemed to Sa,e of anr be the Purchaser, or who shall aA in any of the said Capacities, shall presume, by him, her, or themselves, *J\b

or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Be- ^Licence!* nefit, to deal in, vend, or sell any such Estates, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by public Sale or otherwise, by way of AuAion, as aforesaid, in any Manner whatsoever, without first taking out a Licence, in Manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall so put up to Sale, or fell any such Estates,

Goods, or Effects, by public Sale, by way of AuAion, as aforesaid; and in which Licence shall be set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the same; for which he, she, or they shall, immediately upon the taking out thereof, pay down for each and every Licence, so to be taken out from Time to Time, the said several Sums of twenty Shillings, and five Shillings, respectively, over and besides any other Duties or Payments to which such Person or Persons may be liable for trading in, vending, or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or otherwise, in Manner following; that is to say, If such Catain Personr Licences betaken out within the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such authorised t« Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners for the ^ic*nce# Duty of Excise for the Time being, or of such Officer as the Commissioners or Excise shall appoint for that 1,1 an Purpose, afed the said Duty of twenty Shillings for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; but if such Licences shall be taken out without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise, within their respective Collections and Districts, and the said Duty of five Shillings for the same shall be paid, by all and every the Persons so taking out such Licences, at the Office of Excise next adjoining to the Place where they respectively reside or inhabit, or at any other Place, and to such Persons as his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise for the Time being shall appoint to deliver out such Licences and to receive the said Duty:

And in case such Licences be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, such Licences shall be and in Scotland granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, and the Duty of five Shillings for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, in the same Manner as is herein- before directed in regard to the Licences to be taken out within the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London; but if such Licences shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts, and the Duties for the same shall be paid in like Manner as is herein-before directed with regard to the Licences to be taken out in England, without the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, and the Persons appointed by them respectively, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required

124

Licences to be renewed, and aoi.fr 5 c. paid every Vear:

On Penalty, if within the Bills of Mortality, of ICO 1. and, it without the Bills, of 50l.

After Sept. 29, 1777, certain Duties laid on Lands, Houses, &c. sold by Auction j

to be paid by the Auctioneer, &c. out of the Produce of the Sale.

Every Auctioneer, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to give Security by Bond for aoo 1, toh.s Majesty j that he will, within fourteen Days after every A u Cl ion, deliver a particular Account in Writing of the whole Money bid, and the Price of each Lot, &c.

And if it shall appear to the Ommissioners of Excise, &c. that the Auctioneer hath aCleJ aereeably to this Act, the said Bond shall be delivered up; but if the contrary shall appear, the Bo d t-a be p ole-cuted. Scc.

Every Auctioneer, without the B Ms of Mortality, shall give Bond, as afjrofdid, for co I.

that he w:H, wv hin fix u eeks aUer eacii Sale, del ver in a particular Account, &c,

C. 50. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

to grant and deliver such Licences to all Persons applying for the same, upon their paving the several Sums of twenty Shillings, and five Shillings, as afoieiara, respectively, for each and every such Licence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall take out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and a^e hereby required to take out a fiefh Licence, ten 13 ys at lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after the rnk:ng out the fhft Licence, before he, she, or they do presume to vend or sell by way of Auction, as aforesaid, and in the tame Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of twenty Shillings, or of five Shtilings, respectively, for each and every new or renewed Licence, at the Places and at the Times before-mentioned: And if any Person or Persons shall presume or offer to vend or sell hv way of Auction, as aforesaid, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly, in M inner afor find, such Person or Per-. Tons shall, if the Offence shall be committed within the Cities of London or Westminster% or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if such Offence shall be committed in any Place without the Limits aforesaid, then such Person or Persons fit all, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such Manner as herein after is mentioned, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Manner of Sales by way of Auction, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed; (that is to say) The Sum of Threepence for every twenty Shillings of the Purchase money atifiag by Sale at Auction, of any Interest, in PofLffion or Reversion, in any Freehold, of, or Lctfenold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Utensils in Husbandry and Farming, Stock, Ships, and Vessels, and of any reversionary inter ell in the public Funds; and the Sum of Sixpence for every twenty Shillings out of the Purchase money arising by Sale at Auction, of all Furniture, Fixtures, Plate, Jewels, Pictures, Books, Holies, and Carnages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever; the said respective Rates and Duties to be paid by every such Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission, out of the Monies anting at each and every such Sale or Auction, as aforesaid.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, each and every Person atiting a« Auctioneer as aforesaid, at every such public Sale or Auction, in London, Westminster, or in any other Parts within the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, with two or more (efficient Sureties, which Security the said Commissioners for the Duty of Excise reflectively for the Time being, or any two or more of them, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise respectively shall appoint to deliver out such Licences, and to receive the said Duties, is or are hereby author-fed to take, that he will, within fourteen Days after each and every such Sale or Auction, deliver to the Person or Persons, so to be appointed as aforesaid, an exact and particular Account in Writing, of the total Amount of the Money bid at such Sale, and of the several Articles, Lots, or Parcels, which dial have been f Id, the Price of each Article, Lot, or Parcel, in every such Sale, and what Article or Articles, lot or Lots, Parcel or Parcels, if any, was or were bought in by the Owner, or by his Direction (such Direction to be in Writing, and witnessed by the Owner); and at the same Time make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which Sum or Sums of Money he is hereby authorised and directed to retain out of the Produce of each Sale made as aforesaid; and such Person, or the Fcrfm acting as Clerk at such Sale (if any) shall make Oath of the Truth of every such Account, before the Officer appointed to receive the iaii Du'y, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer: And be it *lull appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Pe son or Persons so appointed by them in this Behalf, as aforesaid, that the Party giving such Bond hath aTled agreeably to the Directions of this A of* during the respective Year for which his Licence was to continue in relation where to each Bor.J shall have been so given; then, in each and every such Case, they shall cause such Bond to be d lives e J up; but in case no such Account shall be delivered herein before mentioned, or if it shall appear that any (cell Account was not truly, made, or that the Party hath added contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of fuffin Bond, and of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Pc. ions so appointed by them as aforesaid (unless they shall find sufficient Cruse to forbear tine fan t), to 0, itic earn ami every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law; and thereupon, in rale of a Verdtit or Judgment against the Defendant, such Licence shall thenceforth become void to all Intents and Purpose*, and such Defendant shall from thenceforth be incapable of ever after having any such Licence; and in case of acting under Colour of any such Licence, shall be liable to all the Penalties which may be incurred by this Act for acting as an Auctioneer without Licence.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Person so acting as aforesaid, at every such public Sale or Auction, in any other Part of Great Ltitniru Until, at ihc Time of receiving such Licence as aforesaid, give Security by Bond, as aforesaid, in the Sum of fx ty Pounds i which Security the Collector or Supervifnrs, or other Officer to be appointed for g anting such Licence as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby authorised to take; that he will, wi bin fix \Vuks after every tutin S.de, deliver in an exact and particular Acomnt, as is herun-beffre required to be T livered by Persons vending or selling determined by Auction, within the Bills of Mortality, and flvll at the same Time make Fu\m<ne of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to IPs Mffir !»y, r or on Account or cadi Sale by him made, from Time to Time, within such six Weeks respectvidy s and all the Powers, Directions,

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. 50.: 125

Penalties, and Forfeitures, herein-Dfore prescribed or contained, for the betfer levying, fanning, or accounting for the (hid Duties, shall br obfarvrd in the Did several Collections and Diihicts respectively, as if the Dme were again particularly rep* ated and re cnaiited-

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he conitrurd to restrain any Seller by Auction, or Per fan acting as Auctioneer at any Sales by way of Auction, from making it a Condition of Sale, that the Pound-rate gran cd by this Act, or any certain Foitio: thereof, shall be p iid by the Purchaser, over and above the Pi ice bidden at fuel) Sale by Auction; and in Inch Case, the Person so acting as Auctioneer is hereby authorised and required to demand Payment of the said Duty from ftrch Purchaser or Purchasers, or such Portion thereof as txptelltd in such Con-C tion or Agreement, and upon Neglect or Refusal to pay the same, such Bidding shall be null and void to all Indents and Purposes,

IX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter, change, determine, or make void, any other Condition, Contract, Covenant, or Agreement whatsoever, between any Buyer or Seller by Auction, or any other Person, touching the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties hereby rtv specti\c 1 y imposed, so as tl.e same do not extend to the Icfiening or Abatement of the full Sum appointed by this Act to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, as is herein-before mentioned and directed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, or Erfiedls, put up to Sale by way of Auction, shall become the Purchaser by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any other Person on his Behalf, or for his Use, at such Sale, without Fraud or Collusion, then and in such Case the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, and such Collectors, Supervisors, and other Officers of Excise, as are hereby respectively authorised within their respective Collections and Di(hi£ts to receive the said Duties, are hereby am honied and required to make an Allowance to such Owner of the Duties arising by this Adf upon such Bidding; provided Notice be given to the Audiioneer before such Bidding, both by the Owner and the Person intended to be the Bid cr, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale, for the Ufa and Behoof of the Sdier; and provided such Notice he verified by the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Kairnels and Reality of the said Transaction, to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief: And in case any Dilpure shall arile whether such Purchase by the Owner was not made by Collusion, or in e rd-.r to leffin the lull Sum appointed by this Act to be paid, or concerning the Fairness of such Trail-faction; the n, and in such Cates, the Proof thereof fnali lie upon the Person acting as Audiioneer; and on Fa'hre the* cm, or in cate of any unfair Practice, th^n no such Allowance shall be made, as aforesaid, any Thing hen in contained to the contrary not withstanding.

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby father enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Sale o Sales by way of Auction of E l ites or Chattels, made by any Rule, or Order, or Decree, of his Majesty's Court of Chancery, or of Exchequer, in England, before the Masters in Chancery, or the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer; or by any Order or Decree of the Courts of Seffi ‘n or Exchequer in Scotland respective1 v; or at any such Sales made by the East India Company, or the Hu [}':>'s tiny Co npiny. or determined by ( fader of his Maj- flv’s Commission's for the Duty of Customs or of Excise, 01 \ \ ()iuer or the Board of Cfadnance, or Commissioners of the Navy and \ idualling, or any such Sales ol k*t 1 cj or Chattels made by the sheriffiin Execution of Judgments, or of Goods distrained for Rent, or fi-i A 'i:p< k nxnt of Tithes, or of Goods and Effects of Bankrupts, sold by Order of the Affiances, under a C<!U'ii.i;-:on ot Bankruptcy, any Thing herein contained t the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act li 71 e'tend, or be conllrued to extend, to charge with the said Tax or Duty, any Goods imported into ci is Kingdom by way of Merchandize from any British Colr.ny or Plantation in America, on the fix IF Safa of kkv. Goods, by or for the Account of the original Importer, to whom the same were consigned, and by v/norn they w:ie entered at the Custom-house, at the Port of Importation, so as Inch Sale be made wmoi twtive Months a'ter such Goods fh *11 be so imported; nor to any Ships, or their Tackle, Apparel, and Purnirure, or the Cargoes the.oof, which mny be taken and condemned ns Prize, which shall he fold in thn K.up'nm, determined by or fi r the Benefit of the Captors thereof; nor to any Ships or Goods that may be wrt\!ud or branded in this K'npJom, and sold by Auction for the Benefit of the Insurers or Proprietors thereof; or v Lie h rmy bt f VI nee of Duty to ch fray the Charges of Salvage; nor to Sales made for the Bcmtu o: Credit- rs, by the Direction of* my Deed or Deeds, executed before the fiill Day of April, one ti'OufanJ liven bundled and Lvt nty-seven; nor to Sales made by Trtidces, ehoftn in pursuance of an Act, r;-i V. ir the rwelrtn Year of the Reign of his prefant Majesty (intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of t fa' tn.i n $ of Eld vent Debtors r? ore equal and expedi!:ou$, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Ar-te'lr.ct a \ d id min'and i\r extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions tip Bids and Pnnujl r\ N tes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland); any Thing herein contained to; Ol* \ o r; f r a - v notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Sale or Sales of any Estate or Rifa: s to be fain by a Eta e or Lcafas, or Copy or Copies of Court Rolls or Entries, for a Life or 17.ls, or for any Tam or Terms of Years; or to the Sale or Sales of any Woods, Coppices, Produce of JU’:h »; (V nr.its, 01 to aoy Contract relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the lame, or to the S.dc o* any Materials tred in th.e working of such Mines or Quarries respectively; cxr to the S7c of any Can m an; live or dead Stork, o* unm mufactmed Produce of Land; so as such Sale or .^ales ot Woods, CMpp-cc*. Pro luce of Muies or Quarries, Cattle. Corn, Stork, or Produce of Land, be made whilil tfiey con: n ie. ..11 the L inds producing the f me, and determined by the (Kvner or Owners of such Lan is, or Proprietor or Prop.iciuis of, or AJvcmuitr or Adventurers in, fuJi Alines or Quarries respectively? or by his or their

Steward

A u^ioneer rmy

nv*ke it ,i Coa-diti >n ot Sale, that the Pur-clul’rr ih .11 pay the R ite prau.cd by this Act,

This Act not to alter any Contract between Rover *nd heller by Auction,

If the Owner of any Eihttc, &c, h lii by A uction, Hull be n e Purchas!tr, he shall be allowed the Dulief j

provided Notice be ^iven to the Auctioneer before the Sale, &rc. who fh:i 1 make Oath of the same, &c.

Certain Sales to which this Act shall no: extend*

This Act not to

extend to the first Sale of C ;cds imported from any Pri-tish Colony in America, &c. n - r to Ships, Sec* taken as Pri?e, and fold for the Bt nefit of the Ciptors, See m r to Sales made for the Benoit ot Creditors, &c.

Sales of cfrtairi Elates, Woods, & c. o which this Act shall not extend*

I

126

Duties arising by this Act to be paid into the Exchequer separaie from all others.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

After Aug. i, 1777, a* additional Stamp-duty of 1 s. 6 d, shall be paid for every Skin of Parchment, &c. for which 1 s. is payable by Act 16 Geo. III.

Additional Stamp-duties to be paid after

J"*y SiI777S

Conveyance, Surrender, dec. as. did.

Policy of Insure-ance for above 10001. 5 s.

CopyholdJSur-render, dec. a B.

3 d-

Surrender of any Custom-right Ell ate, not being of, s.

6 d.

Surrender of Lands, dec. to* Superiors, in Scotland, 11. 6d.

Retour of Service of Heirs, &c. is. 6d.

Charter of Resignation, &c. It. 6d.

Original Sa'fine taken upon any Mortgage, Scc. th id#

C. 50. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Steward or Agent, Stewards or Agents; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Rates and Duties respectively chargeable by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for thd same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminsterf separate and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues, and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be filed for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise directed by this Act), or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being fwft deduced), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed (save and except Policies of Insurance) for which a Stamp-duty of one Shilling is payable, by virtue of an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, over and above all other Rates and Duties by the said Act, or by any other Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day ofjfuly, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say)

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever which shall be inrolled of Record in any of the Courts at Westminster^ or in any other Court of Record whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Policy of Insurance, whereby the Property of one or more Persons in Houses and Goods, or both, shall be insured to a greater Amount, in the Whole, than one thousand Pounds, over and above the several Duties by any Acts of Parliament already imposed, an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in* grofled, written, or printed, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any of Land or Tenement, within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Grant or Lease, by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor, within the said Parts of Great Britain (other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will, and the Court Roll or Books wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled), over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Copy of any Surrender of, and Admittance to, any Custom-right or Tenant-right Estate, not being of, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pass by Deed, within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upen Tweed, a Stamp-duty of four Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Rights, to be made to any of his Majesty's Subjects, who are or shall be Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates or others who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignarions, in Scotland, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall fie ingrossed, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Retour of any Service of Hens, or any Piecept of Clare Conjlat of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Charter of Resignation, Confirmation, Ncvo darnus, or Charter upon Apprizing or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior, or others, as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Saifine taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heritable Jdond, Alienation, or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Conjlat, Re~ tours, Apprizings, or Adjudications of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland,

4

127

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50.

Scotland, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Scamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which frail be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation, Service or Cognition of Heirs, Charter, or Saifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure, in Scotland, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying all the said additional and new Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: who, or the major Part of

them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose 5 and to use and provide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enided by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on which several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, indead of the didind Stamps uireded to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp to be provided, to denote the said several Duties, and the Duty granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be b ought to the Head Office for damping or marking Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, stampor mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons so bringing the same paying to the Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is directed and allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purpose herein after expressed, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed, in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who mall have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or Mark which frail be so altered, or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a Stamp denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance, as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cases directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons frail, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, sign, seal, execute, or subscribe, any Policy of Insurance, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, whereby Houses and Goods frail be anyways insured from Loss by Fire, to the Amount or Value as aforesaid, before the Vellum, Parchment, or P^per, whereupon the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, shall appear to have been stamped and marked as by this and the other Acts of Parliament in that Behalf is directed \ that then every such Person so offending frail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons as shall inform and sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record: And that if any such Policy of Insurance shall be so fisned, sealed, executed, or subscribed, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not appearing to have been duly stamped or marked according to Law, that

then, and in every such Case, there shall he paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (over and above the Duties hereby payable), for every such Policy of Insurance, the Sum of five Pounds; and that no such Policy of Insurance shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as well the said Duty hereby charged, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid to the Use of his Majesty, hisvHiirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the same, under the Hand of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Stamp-duties, or his Deputy, and until the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on Which such Policy of Insurance is so signed, sealed, executed, or subscribed, shall be marked or stamped according to the true Meaning thereof; and the said Receiver-general and his Deputy are here-

Original Instrument of Surrender, Service of Heirs, &c. X I. 6 d.

The additional and gew Duties herein-before granted shall be under the Management of the Commissionen of the Stimp-dutiet.

CommissioneTS may cause one new Stamp to be provided, to denote the Je-veral Duties on each Skin of Parchment, Arc,

Vellum, Parchment or Paper, liable to the aforesaid Duties, shall, before ingrossing, &c. be stamped at the Head Office fur stamping.

Usual Allowance to be made for present Payment of the Duties. Duties to be paid to the Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties, dec.

Stamps directed to be used by this Act, may be altered and renewed, &c»

If any Person,

after July 5, 1777, shall sign or fe 2), A;c. any Policy of Insurance from Fire, to the aforesaid Amount, without being duly stamp-d, he shall forfeit to 1. and shall pay to his Majesty (befnies the Du-tie« hereby payable) 5 ► be ore any tuct» Policy shall be a/*iljbic in Law, &c.

J 28

Persons counterfeiting any Seal or Stamp, to referable any Seal, &c. directed to be used to denote the Stannp-duties, with an intent to defraud his JV! rtffry* ftiUl f ff r Dca h as F-l n%

Ail Provisiors, Penalties and Forfeitures, &c. in former AOs rcbting to 'he. Stamp-duti s, shall De in Force, and be applied in executing this A«.

[Treble Costs.]

Ionics ar'sing by the said Duties to be paid into the Fyche-quer didinflly from all otr er Bramhes of tWe pi bl c Revenue. Defen dar t^ under this Act may plead the General Ifue, and recover

C. 51, 52. Anno ekeimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

by enjoined ami required, upon Payment or Tender of the said D-r\, pav Wo by virtue h"reor, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, to give a Receipt to" nich Mom \, 1. m. r proper v iiieers are thereupon required to maik or lump such Policy ot infuiaine vu.ii nv p opu 01 P D.cjuiiiie in that

BehTf.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afi>rekij, I raf 1; a*tv IVfon fnrdl rountcrfi it cr

forge, or procire to be counterfeited or foil'd, any S-al, Stamp, <u MuM to rthmoica y M al, S tairp,

or Mark, directed or allowed to be ufid determined by this or ar’> other Act of 1 uinm v;:t, t>r to Purpose of ot noting the Duties by this or any other Act or Parliam nr granted. < 1 Iliad comr e; ten or iciemb.e the Lnpression of the same, with an Intent to dcfiaud his M j 'tv, Ins Hc-bs h'n\i ho.s, of any (it t u* laid Duties; or fit all privately or fraudulently iff* any fceal. Stamp, or Mar*, cMcieti or adov.eO to be u<ecl by this or any other Act of Parliament, re'atirg to the Stamp*eutu wmi in c-nt to dutonid his Majesty,

his Heirs and SuccHIors, of any of the said Dutie-; e\e y Pc; foil lo t ft oding, and being tncreot law-

fully convicted, shall be adjudged a Pel >n, and ih.di i after D:un, as in C.i- of Fe.ony, without Benefit of Oev.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all Powcts, Provisions, Articles, Clauses Distribution of Penalties and Fork-ituo's, atul a i o 1»« r M..u* is ton! Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of PaThnent, it am;' to th. um v -outon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall he ot full Force and b ff cl with relation t*» »he ft v.-rai L uiks hereby impaled, a 1 jd Hi311 be applied and put in Execution hr the railing, levying, < Dei *, nd 1 tming the < dd additional and new Duties hereby impeded, acc rdirg t the true Intent find Alc.ming «»* tr* s Act, as fully, to all Intents bnd Purposes, as if the same had ft vt rally and telpcCi vt.) been h- u t y tni c 1«(l, with relation to the said additional and new Duties hert by inrpo'e d.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aoreurd, Thai all the Monies arising hv the said several and respective Rates :.pd Duties (the imc»ilo\ Cf\»*g s of r m g mu accounting 1 >r the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into iri: Keen i«t ot hi* A { j fry’s Fxcb<*qi, cr l*r/hn;nj}cr% distii ly and; part fre m a-1 orhi r Pr: in hes ot W e pul lie K e ( r.r e, a. ( Ih^ll, for the Purpose aforesaid, be carried ro, and made a Part of, the Fund cr rrn.or A 1 al td ri he Sliding h'uud.

XXVIII. And be it further by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or Times, be sued, nioh il.d, or pro!ec‘iitd> t- r any I Ivng by him or them done or executed in pmfuance of this Act, crofiir\ C ame, Matter, < r T bmp, but in conta ried j such Person or Persons shall and may plead rlu General I fine, and p;ve rht speu^l Varui in 1 vie* nee, for his or their Defence: And upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the I '> rer d r r or Dt fem'- nts, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonluhcd, then such D» f* ndaiu or Dticndaius fltjli have Treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LII.

An Act for better securino; the Duties on Sope, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

After June 24, 1777, no Person, residing u ithin the Li-n it5 of the Head OTHce of Excite in London, shall crtLe any Sope, un’efs he occupy a Tenement of lo 1. per A nn. and pay Parish R.rcs; r.or in any other Fart of the Kingdom, unless he piy so Church and Foor, 5c c.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the many Laws already made for securinor the Revenues cn Sope, and for protecting the fair Trader, many grob Frauds are daily practised by evil- minded and indigent Persons, who are encouraged in such Practices, not only from the great Length of Time allowed by those Laws for the Payment of 11;e Duties on Sope, but also for want of feme further Regulations in the Manner of the carrying on the Si pe-muking Business ;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefun Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty* fourth Day of June, or.e thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing within the Limits of the Head Office of Excite in London, Hi al 1 he permitted ro make any Sope, unless such Person or Persons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of ten Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be diefied in their own Name, and *Hial also pay to the Parish Rates; and that no Person or Persons whatever, residing in any other Part of the Kingdom where there are Rat s to Church and Poor, shall be permitted to make any Sope, unless such Person or Persons Hi all he afitfled and pay to Church and Poor, in the several Parishes and Places in which they shall respectively reside; and that no Entry of any Sope-house, Work-house, or Place for making of Sope, already made, or hereafter to be made, as required hv the Statutes in that Caie made and provided, shall be of any Avail to any Person or Persons net lo qualified, or for any longer Time than the Person or Persons so making Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person making Sope and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him or them made, be deemed and tak n to be Persons making Sope without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making Sope without Lntry are by the Statutes in such Case made and provided now subject unto.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52. 129

II. And whereas by a Clause in an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty R^tal of an

Queen Anne (intituled,' An Act for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or oil° Annac*

imported into the same; and upon Chequered and Striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Cal/icoes, c Linens, and Stuff's printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen Hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, towards her Majestys Supply; and for licensing an additional Number (f Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Vice; and for better securing her Majestys Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp-duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise \ and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have loft Exchequer Bills, or Lot-» c tery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company), for the Use of the Public); it was enacted, That every Person whatsoever, who should make any Sope in Lon- don or Westminster, or in any Parts within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, should, monthly and every Month; and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who should make any Sope in any other Part of Great Britain, should, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry, in Writing, at the next Office for the said Duties, of all the Sope by him, her, or them Severally made, within such Month or six Weeks respectively; which Entries were to be made in Manner as therein expressed: And by one other Clause in the (kid recited Act, it wis further enacted, That all and every Person, who should make any Sope in London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, should,

within four Weeks; and all and every Person whatsoever, who should make any Sope in any other Part 4 o{Great Britain, should, within six Weeks after he, she, or they should have made, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties upon Sope, which should be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such Makers of Sope, who should refuse or ne- gleft to make such Payment as aforesaid, should forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty: And whereas the Allowance of so long a Time for the making of the Entries, and for A the Payment of the Duties as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the Revenue, and also to the fair Trader, as evil-minded and indigent Persons have been encouraged thereby to make Sope, and have made Entry of the Sope by them made, but have neglected to pay the Duty when due, and before the Time that the Duty could be recovered have absconded from their respective Dwelling-places, or by other Me-4 1 hods have evaded the Payment of the same be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Seventy-Seven, the above-recited Clauses, and every Article, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all and every Person whatsoever, who shall make any Sope, shall, weekly and every Week, make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office for the Duties on Sope, of all the Sope by him, her, or them Severally made within each Week; which said Entries shall contain the Weight of all the Sope mentioned therein respectively, and what Quantity thereof was made attach Boiling in that Week, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect the Sum of fifty Pounds:

Which Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Maker of such Sope, or by their chief Workman or Servant employed in making the same, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief; unless such Maker, Workman, or Servant, be a known Quaker, and the Solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Workman, or Servant, to the same EffVft, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; and the said Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations, to verify the same, shall, for such Sope as

shall be made within the Limits of the chief Office of Excise, be made with, and administered by, such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the Duties on Sope in England, or the major Part of them, for the Time being; and for all Sope made in all other Parts of Great Britain, with and by the Collectors and Supemfors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of

- Sope shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Sope in Great Britain, shall, within one Week after he, she, or they shall make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for Sope which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that ail and every such Maker of Sope, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and Jose, for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such Makers of Sope, after such Default in Payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any Sope, until he hath paid and cleared off his Duty as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of such Sope so delivered or carried out.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided always, That no Maker of Sope shall be obliged to go or fend further than the Market Town where his or her Sope is made, or the next Market Town to the Place where his or her Sope is made, for the making of such Entries, or the Payment of the said Duties.

VI. And, for the better preventing the Frauds frequently committed by divers Makers of hard Sope, The Furnace- who light Fires under their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils by them respectively used for the boiling or door of every making of Sope, in the Absence of, and without the Knowledge or Privity of the Officers for the Duties ^aking of 4 on Sope be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven him- Sope> n»a»i be dred and seventy-seven, the Furnace-door of every Copper, Pan, or other Utensil used by any such fanned by the Maker of Sope for the boiling or making of Sope, shall, and they are hereby required to be securely locked and fattened by the Officers of Excite who survey such Trader, as soon as the Fire is dampt or drawn from under every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil; and proper Locks and Keys, and all other necessary. Fastenings for securing the said Coppers, Pans, and other Utensils, shall be provided by the respective Surveyors and Supervisors of Excise of the several Districts or Divisions in which such Makers of Sope shall

After Jane 1 4777,rhe above* recited Clause* shall be repealed.

All Personi who shall make any Sope, after the Day abovesaid, shall enter the same weeklr at the next Office, &c.

on Penalty of

Sol.

Entries to be made on Oath, &c.

Makers of 'Sops to pay the Unties within a Week after Entry. Penalty

Offirsr as fjon as the Fire isd2Diprf &c.

150

C. 5

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 177x.

S 'toe makers rein ling 10 \- *y fi r Locks, Krys, *n>l other itu s, or hindering Officers from fixing the same, to f rfeit 50 1. Snpf-m.ik'rs who want to have thfir Fu--

/UCf-dtOr unlocked, shall g:ve twelve Flows Notice to th- Officer, if virhio the Limits of the Chief Office in London; and if wi’hnut the said Limits, twenty-i ur Hours Notice.

Surveyor, Supervisor, Scr* may, beteen Five in the Morning and Seven in the Evening, enter any Sopt-male er's Work-In use, and unlock and examine the Coppers, &c.

Any Sope-mak't refusing such OFFcr Entrance, or ^b-struding his Etarr i.iati jn, shill forfeit tool.

Anv Sope-maker having a private Pipe 10 convey the Srp* from hii Copper, 4cc fba.l foifcic 2COl.

Officers may, in the D y tiny, in

Pkfence of a C< r liable, otnlc up the Ground in any So;'r-I'o ,(V, Sec, to i \ ch for pri-

v re ('< nv y

i. - cr% and deft’ 'y the same.

If no such Con-

vi vjhc* shall t*e h in t, Others t > -r/ke val;I-

t *'ion ter Di-

' r? s*

P« r airy of nb-fij i<ft 1 Olfi-cc-5 -n their Sench.

S-oc-m »ke'8 rr.sy »’fc Pipes,

above G cund.

respectively reside, at the Expence of the respective Makers in each Division or District: And whenever such Maker of Sope Avail be desirous to light a Fire under such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, or to have tlfe Furnace-doors thereof opened, and shall have given Notice in Manner as is herein after directed; then, and in every such Case, the Officers of Excise shall attend to open the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Maker of Sope shall refuse or neglect to pay for such Locks, Keys, and other Fastenings, so provided as aforesaid; or if any such Maker ol Sope shall refuse or hinder the Officers of Excise from fixing such Fastenings on the said Furnace-doors, in such Manner as the said Officers shall judge most effectual for securing the same, or in locking and securing the same 5 thrn, and in every such Cale, the Offender or Offenders therein shall, for each Offence, forfe it and lofethe Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any such Maker of Sope shall be desirous to have the Furnace-door of his, her, or their Copper, Pan, or other Utensil by him, her, or them uled for the boiling or making of Sope, unlocked, and shall have given to the Officer of Excise of the Division or District twelve Hours Notice, if such Maker of Sope shall reside within the Limits of the chief Office of Excise in London; or if such Maker of Sope shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice of such his, her, or their Intention, the Officer of Excise shall attend accordingly to unlock and open the said Furnace-doors of such Copper, Pan, or Utensil; and if by any Means, Art, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any Person shall open any such Furnace-door after the ft me shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully damage or hurt any such Lock or other Fattening, every such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds,.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, when any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, used for the boiling or making of Sope, or the Furnace-doors of such Copper, Pan, or Utensil

- Aval] be secured, as by this present Act, and by one other Act passed in the fifth Year of his present M«t-jesty, are respectively directed, the Surveyor and Supervisor, or other Superior Officer of Excise, shaft, at all Times, between the Hours of five in the Morning and eleven in the Evening, be permitted, uptm-Demand or Requell Ynade, to enter all and every Workhouse of every such Maker of Sope; and after (itch Entry to unlock and open every Copper, Pan, and other Utensil, by such Maker of Sope used for boiling or making of Sope, and also the Furnace-doors of every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and to examine the same; and after due Examination had, such Officer shall again lock and fatten every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and Furnace-door, and so leave them locked and secured, as by this and the said former Act is directed: And if, after such Request made, the Doors of such Workhouse are not immediately opened, and such Officer or Officers are not immediately admitted, and permitted to enter and go into such Workhouse, made use of by such Maker of Sope; or if such Officer or Officers, being so entered into such Workhouse, are not permitted quietly to continue in such Workhouse, and to unlock and open every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and Furnace-doors, to search snd examine the same, and until they shall have again locked and secured the said Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and Furnace-door; or if, by any other Ways or Means whatsoever, such Officer or Officers shall be obstructed, hindered, or molested, in such Search and Examination; then, and in every such Case, the Offender therein Avail forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

X. And forasmuch as it is found by Experience that his Majesty is very much defrauded of the Duty on Sope by many Makers of Sope, who, by private Pipes, and other private Conveyances made use of by such Makers of Sope, do convey away the Sope from the Sight and View of the Officer appointed to take an Account of the same / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, no Maker of Sope Avail have or keep any Pipe under Ground, or any Other private Pipe or other private Conveyance, in or about his Sopehouse, by which any Sope, or Materials making into Sope, may be conveyed from his Copper, Pan, or other Utensil uftd for the boiling or making of Sope, into any Place whatsoever, on Pain So forfeit, for every such Pipe and private Conveyance, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XI. And, for the better discovering all such Pipes and other private Conveyances/ be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, it Avail and may be lawful to and for the Offic ers of the Duties on Sope, or any of them, in the Day-time, and in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace (who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein) on Request first made, and Cause declared, to break up the Ground in any Sopehouse, or the Ground near adjoining, or any Wall, Partition, or other Place, to search for any such Pipe or other private Conveyance; and, upon finding such Pipe or other Conveyance, to break up the Ground, House, Wall, or other Partition or Place, through or into which any such Pipe or other Conveyance shall lead, and to break up or cut any such Pipe or other Conveyance.

XII. Provided always, That in case Lpon such Search no such Pipe or other private Conveyance shall be found, such Officers for Duties on Sope Avail m.ike good the Ground, Wall, House, or other Place So b oken up as aforesaid, or make reasonable Satisfact on to the Owner or Owners thereof, to be adjudged by two of the next Justict s of the Peace, or the Party injured ftvSll be at Liberry to bring his Aciiort for the Damages by him sustained; And if any Person or Persons whatsoever Avail oppose, obstruct, or hinder, any such Officer in searching, in Execution of the Powers hereby given and granted, every such Person shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for any Maker of Sope to keep and make use of any Pipe, or other Conveyance, above Ground, which are public a;.d in open View from one End thereof to the other, for the putting his Sope out of the Copper, Pan, or Ucenlii, used for boiling or making the same, into the known and entered Frames any Thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5 2.> 13 if

XIV. And, for the better discovering all private Holes in the Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, used. Sopr-makm,

1 in the boiling or making of Sope,’ be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth every Lun*r Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all and every Person who shall make Sope,

shall, once in every Lunar Month throughout the Year, peife&ly cleanse each and every Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him used for the boiling or making of Sope, and shall give three Days Notice at lea(t to the Officer who surveys such Maker of Sope, of the particular Time when he intends to cleanse the same; And when such Copper, Pan, or other Ucenfil, shall be so perfectly cleansed, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Duties on Sope, and they are hereby required, to search all and every Part of such Copper, Pan* or other Utensil, by going into such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, or by such other Means as to such Officers shall seem most convenient; and if, on searching such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, the Officer shall find or discover any Hole, not before known or discovered, in such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, such Hole shall be, and is hereby deemed to be, wilfully made for the Purpose of conveying away Sope from the Sight and View of the Officer, before an Account had been taken of the same; and the Owner of such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, in which such Hole shall be discovered and found, shall be liable to the Penalties for concealing of Sope, unicfi> he, she, or they shall prove the same to have been made by bursting, or other Accident, iince the Officer’s Jail Survey, and that he, she, or they had given Notice thereof to the Officer of the said Duties on Sope, who first came thither on Survey after such BurfL " ing or other Accident happened: And if any such MJcer of S^pe shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day: m of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, rnglcdt perfectly to cleanse his Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, so ufid for the making or boiling of Sope, in Manner, and at the Time herein-before directed, or to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall, by himself or others, let, hinder, or ohfiiuct the Officer or Officers of Excise from searching and examining such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by such Means as to such Officer shall (ecm most convenient, then, and in every such Case, such Maker of Sope shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And whereas, by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

Month, shall clean A: all thur Coders, &.c# ufeu in m4king of >< of, after giving three Days Notice Co the Officer.

OfHctr lo f*a-mn.c the Aftne $ and if he And any Hole rot br-. foreknown, the Owner fhJi te lia le to the Penalties for con-ce. ling of Sope j exc<p% &c.

any Sope-maker (Full ne-gl ft to c lcanfe ' h:3 Copper, &c. or to t»ive Notice as aforesaid, or ih <11 obit.utt any O.fccer in iearch-ir g the f. m, he shall foitc.t 50Ur

ported into this Kingdom directly from the said Sugar Plantations, upon the Entry thereof, might forth- with, and before Payment of the Duties of Excise, be landed, and carried and put Into Warehouses for that Purpose provided, upon the Proprietor or Importer giving Bond as therein required and dirtdhil:

And it was further enacted, That the Proprietor or Importer of such Rum or Spirits, so to be lodged in such Warehouses, should affix one Lock to every such Warehouse, and the Key of such Lock to remain'

in the Custody of such Proprietor or Importer; and for the Officer of Excise, attending such Ware-'

4. house, to provide one other Lock for such Warehouse, and to keep the Key thereof; and that the Proprietor or Importer should and might, in Presence of the said Officer, view, examine, and take out the Rum and Spirits, in Manner as therein is directed: And whereas no particular Penalty is imposed on such Proprietor or Importer of such Rum and Spirits, put into such Warehouses, who shall fraudulently open the Dcor of such Warehouse or Warehouses in the Absence of the said Officer of Excise or Ware- house-keeper, whereby some evil-minded Persons have actually been encouraged, by false Keys, to open the said Warehouses in the Night-time, and, in the Absence of the Officer of Excise, to go into such Warehouses; for the more effectual preventing such fraudulent Practices,’ be it enacted, That if any Proprietor or Importer of Rum or Spirits, lodged and put into any Warehouse or Warehouses under the Direction and Authority of the said recited Act, shall, by any Means, Act, Devise, or Contrivance whatever, open any such Warehouse or Warehouses, except in the Presence of the proper Warehouse-keeper, or other Officer of Excise, whose Business it is to attend with the Key to open the same, then, and in every such Case, every such Importer or Proprietor shall forfeit and lose, fur every such Offence, five hundred Pounds.

XVI. For encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufac- ture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, from this Kingdom, as Stores to be spent and con- fumed on board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, during the Term of two Years, from and after the passing of this present Act, the same Drawha ks and Allowances, which are given by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, now in Force, on the Exportation of such Rum to Parts beyond the Seas as Merchandise, shall be allowed and paid to the Merchant or Merchants, on his, her, or their shipping any such Rum as Stores, to be spent and confirmed on board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas: And when any Merchant or Merchants shall be desirous of shipping any such Rum or Stores as aforesaid, and shall give five Days Nmice thereof to the respective Commissioners of Excite for the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, mentioning in such Notice the exact Destinarion of the intended Voyage, the Tonnage of the Ship or Vessel, and the Number of the Mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corn mi dime. s of Excise, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to ascertain the Quantify of such Rum which shall be Force on iht £x-shipped on board such Ship or Vessel as Stores, and for which such Drawback and Allowances shall be ro;Umn nf paid and made, and also the Size and Marks of the Calk or Calks in which such Spirits shall be so (flipped; and on Oath being made, before any one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Rum is intended to be exported, or before such Other. Person or Persons as shall be authorised as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of Excile for that Purpose, that the same are to be shipped a* Stores to be spent and consumed in the Voyage, the Merchant

If any Proprietor or Importer, of P.XlfO, &c.

i d in ai.y Warehmi e under the D:rectu fl of the above- ec 1 ed Act, shall open the An.c, exc'pt in the Prelcncc of the proper OlS'tr, he snail loifcit

5*o 1.

For two Ye;»r*

aftrr 1 he pafil> g of this AcF, the f<n,c Dnw bjcwt m hII ue *lu wii < n fh pp'Og Rum, to be. Ipent on board in any V'7-^e beyond the beat, at -re uiven by any Acts n^w ia

Roin as Mercia, nth fe.

132

No Allowance to be made foe

any such Rum fiiinped in any Ca/k It fs than JOO Gallons; or on board any Vessel under loo Tent.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Persons prosecuted in the Execution of this A£>, may plead the General Issue,

and recover Treble Costs,

[Preamble,

Incumbent of any Ecclesiastical Living, whereon there is no House, &c.

(vith the Consent of the Ordinary and Patron) may borrow Money to <Jiuild one,

and mortgage the Glebe, Tythes, &c. for twenty-five Years*

C. 53. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777

or Merchants shipping the same shall be paid the same Drawbacks* and have the same Allowances for Rum ( so shipped, as if such Rum hud been exported as Merchandise: Provided always, That neither the said Drawback or Allowance, or any other Drawback or Allowance, shall be made or be paid for any Quantity of such Rum which shall be exported or shipped for Stores as aforesaid in any Cask which shall contain lets than one hundred Gallons* nor shall any such Drawback or Allowance whatsoever be made or paid for any Quantity of Rum which shall be so exported or shipped for Stores as aforesaid on board of any Vessel or Vessels of less Burden than one+iundred Tons; but that all such Rum shall be exported and flipped, in all Respects not otherwise directed by this present Act, under the same Rules, Regulations* and Penalties, as are prescribed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to the Exportation of Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain as Stores, to be spent and consumed on board in any Voyage-to Parts fceyond the Seas.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied* or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise; or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine* Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained; such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, in his or their Defence or Defences: And if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices.

WHEREAS many of the Parochial Clergy, for want of proper Habitations, are induced to reside at a Distance from their Benefices, by which Means the Parishioners lose the Advantage of their Instruction and Hospitality, which were great Objects in the original Distribution of Tythes and Glebes for the Endowment of Churches For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, whenever the Parson, Vicar, or other Incumbent, of any Ecclesiastical Living* Parochial Benefice, Chapelry, or perpetual Curacy, being under the Jurisdiction of the Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Ordinary, whereon there is no House of Habitation, or such House is become so ruinous and "decayed, or is so mean, that one Year’s net Income and Produce of such Living will not be sufficient to build, rebuild, or put the same, with the necessary Offices belonging thereto, in sufficient Repair, shall think fit to apply for the Aid and Assistance intended to be given by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for every such Parson, Vicar, or Incumbent (after having procured, from some skilful and experienced Workman or Surveyor, a Certificate, containing a State of the Condition of the Buildings on their respective Glebes, and of the Value of the Timber and other Materials thereupon, fit to be employed in such Buildings or Repairs, or to be sold, and also a Plan and Estimate of the Work proposed to be done (such State and Estimate to be verified upon Oath, taken before some Justice of the Peace, or Master irr Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary), and laid the same, together with a just and particular Account in Writing, signed by him, and verified upon Oath, taken as aforesaid, of the annual Profits of such Living, before the Ordinary and Patron of the Living, and obtained their Consent to such proposed new Buildings or Repairs, by Writing under their respective Hands, in the Form for that Purpose contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed), to borrow and take up at Interest, in the Manner hereafter mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Estimate shall amount unto, after deducting the Value of Timber or other Materials which may be thought proper to be sold, not exceeding two Years net Income and Produce of such Living, after deducting all Rents, Stipends, Taxes, and other Outgoings, excepting only the Salaries to the Assistant Curate, where such a Curate is necessary 5 and as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, to mortgage the Glebe, Tythes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments, arising or to arise from such Living, to such Person or Persons who shall advance the same, by one or more Deed or Deeds, for the Term of twenty-five Years, or until the Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the same, and such Costs and Charges as may attend the Recovery thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, according to the Terms, Conditions, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which Mortgage Deed or Deeds shall be made in the Forms or to the Effect for that Purpose contained in the said Schedule, and shall bind every succeeding Parson, Vicar, or Incumbent, of such Living, until the Principal and Interest, Costs and Charges, shall be paid off and discharged* as fully and effectually as if such Successor had executed the same.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. S3-

*33

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Mortgagee shall execute a Counterpart of every such Mortgage, to be iteprby the Incumbent for the Time bcw-; and a Copy of every such Deed of Mortgage shall be registered in the Office of the Registrai of the Bishop of the Diooefe where the Parish lies* or other Ordinary having HpUcopal Jurisdiction therein for the Time being, after having been first examined by him with the Original; which Officer shall register tire same, and be imitled to demand and receive the Sum of fivo Shillings, and no more, for such Htgifter; and every such Deed shall be referred to upon all necessary Occasions, the; PersondnfpttSting the same paving one.Shilling for every such Search; and the said Deed, or a Copy thereof, certified under the Hand of the Registrar, shall be allowed as legal Evidence, in case any such Mortgage Deed shall happen to be lost or destroyed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Principal and Interest* directed to be paid to the Mortgagee under the several Provisiona of this Act, shall be in Arrear and unpaid, for the Space of forty Days after the same shall become due* it shall and may be lawful for such Mortgagee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to recover the same, and the Coils and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, by Distress and Sale, in such Manner as Rents may be recovered by Landlords or Lessors from their Tenants by the Laws in being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be borrowed shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed to receive and apply the same for the Purposes aforesaid, by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, by Writing under their respective Hands, in the Form for that Purpose contained in the said Schedule, after such Nominee shall have given a Bond to the Ordinary, with sufficient Surety, in double ti:e Sum so to be borrowed or raised, with Condition for his duly applying and accounting for the same according to, the Directions of this Act; and the Receipt of the Person or Persons so to be nominated shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons who shall advance and pay the Money: And the Perforr or Persons, so to be nominated, shall enter into Contracts with proper Persons for such Buildings or Repairs as shall be approved by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, and shall be specified in an Instrument written upon Parchment, and signed by them, in the Form for that Purpose contained in the said Schedule; and shall inspect and have the Care of the Execution of such Contracts, and shall pay the Money for such Buildings and Repairs, according to the Terms of such Agreements, and shall take proper Receipts and Vouchers for the same; and as soon as such Buildings or Repairs shall be completed, and the Money paid, shall make out an Account of his Receipts and Payments, together with the Vouchers for the same, and enter them in a Book, fairly written, which shall be signed by him, and laid before the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, and examined by them; and when allowed, by Writing under their respective Hands, in the Form for that Purpose contained in the said Schedule, such Allowance shall be a full Discharge to the Person so nominated, in respect to the said Accounts; and if any Balance shall remain in the Hands of such Nominee or Nominees, the same shall belaid out in some further lasting Improvements in building upon such Glebe, or shall be paid and applied in Discharge of so much of the said Principal Debt as such Balance will extend to pay, at the Discretion of the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, or two of them, of which the said Ordinary to be one, by Order signed by them, in the Form for that Purpose contained in the said Schedule; and an Account shall also be kept, made out, and allowed, of such further Disbursements, in Manner aforesaid: All which Accounts, when made out, completed, and allowed, shall be deposited, with the Vouchers, in the Hands of the said Registrar, and kept by him for the Use and Benefit of the Incumbents of such Living for the Time being, who shall have a Right to inspect the same whenever Occasion shall require, paying to such Registrar, or Deputy Registrar, the Sum of one Shilling for every such Inspection.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Ordinary, before he or they shall fig-gnify his or their Consent, in Manner aforesaid, shall cause an Inquiry to be made, and certified to him or them by the Archdeacon, Chancellor of the Diocese, or other proper Persons living in or near the Parish where such Buildings are proposed to be made or repaired, in the Forms for that Purpose specified in the said Schedule, of the State and Condition of such Buildings at the Time the Incumbent entered upon such Living or Benefice, how long such Incumbent had enjoyed such Living or Benefice, what Money he had received, or may be intitled to receive, for Dilapidations, and how and in what Manner he had laid out what he had so received; and if it shall appear to them that such Incumbent had, by wilful Negligence, ftiftered such Buildings to go out of Repair, then to certify the same to the said Ordinary, and also the Amount of the Damage which such Buildings had sustained by the wilful Neglect of such Incumbent; and such Incumbent, if the Ordinary require it, shall pay the same into the Hands of the Nominee or Nominees to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, towards defraying the Expences of Building or Repairs, before the Ordinary shall give his Consent as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Incumbent of every such Living or Benefice, in Cases where such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, and his Successors for the Time being, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the Interest arising upon every such Mortgage, yearly, as the same shall became due, or within one Month after, and also five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of the Principal remaining due, by yearly Payments; and that every such Incumbent who mail not reside twenty Weeks in each Year upon such Living, computing such Year from the Date of the said Mortgage Deed, shall, instead of the said Sum of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, pay the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum^ of the Principal remaining due, by yearly Payments, such Payments to be respectively made at the same Time such Interest shall be paid, until the whole Principal Money and Interest shall be fully paid and discharged; and that every such Incumbent who shall pay only five Pounds per Centum per Annum of such Principal Money, shall, at the Time he pays the same, produce and deliver to the Mortgagee a Certificate under the Hands of two Re&ors, Vicars, or officiating Ministers, of some Parishes near adjoining, signifying that he had resided twenty Weeks upon the said Living or Benefice, within the Year for which such Payment became due, according to the Regulations aforesaid; which

Certificate

Et*y Mortgage*

to execute) a Counterpart of the Mortgage, to be kept by the Incuroben*, Sec,

Go Failure of

Payment of Principal and Interest for forty Dfcyi after due. Mortgagee may dirtrain.

Money borrowe to be paid to such Persons a» the Ordinary, &c. shall appoint,

who shall contrail for the Buildings, Strand fee the famr executed, and pay for them*, dte.

How the Balance remaining-

shall be dispoied-of.

Ordinary to cause Jnqu.iy ttr* be made of the' Condition of the Buildings when1 the Incumbent entered on the? Living, 6rc«-

DireiHons for Payment of th* Principal and Interest of the Mortgages. Every Incumbent who shall not reside twenty Weeks in each, Year upon his Living, shall pay IO1. er Cent, of the Principal,.* &c.j and every Incumbent paying only 5 I. per Cent, per Ann. of the Principal*.

f 34-

to produce a Certificate ot* his P cO^ncc, under the HjivM of

two P.cctor*,

Scc.; and, as f 'on as the Building are completed t > insure them against Fire.

Chufc forjro-

p.vtioniop. the annual |Javnv n% in nlc of DfAth, or r ther Avcid-

a: ICC.

The Ordinary of a;$ Livi >g. worth ioc I. p r Ann. which h v no proper I+Ouse of Ha;'i-t ti^p, m y (if the Incumbent n tthef to make A on'ira ion,

&..) procure an I'iima e, Scc. and proceed in t'e Ryrcu1 irn of this AiJ-, in I" eft Manner as tht Patfon is <ii-T'^ed to proceed.

AM Money *e-Crive«< for Dila- pi 'ationf, &c. fmll be aprlied in Pa t of the Pay ents under the aforesaid Eltmale.j

r in making fe me additional ' Jrmrovemens, See,

Where new Buildings are reccIT.iry for the R ( fierree of the Jnonnbrnt, the O d i ary, &;c. may p-rthafe ar y tonvonient Idot’fe, within on? Mile of the Church; and a <t rtjin Portion ot Land.

C. 53.^ s Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

'Certificate shall be in the Form, or to the Effe#, contained in the said Schedule; and that every such Incumbent shall, annually, at his own Expence, from the Time such Buildings, authorised to be made by this Act, shall be completed, insure, at one of the public Offices established in London or Westminster, for Insurance of Houses and Buddings, the House and other Buildings upon such Glebe, against Accidents by Fire, at such Sum of Money as shall be rgreed upon by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent; and in Default of the Payment of either the principal or Interest, in Manner aforesaid, or Neglect of the Incumbent-to make such Insurance, the Ordinary shall have Power to fequifter the Profits of the Living till; such Payment or Insurance shall be made.

VII. And, in order that the Payment of such Year may be justly and equitably ascertained and ad-. 4 jufied, between the Successor, and the Parson, Vicar, or Incumbent, avoiding such Living or Benefice by Death or other wise, or his Representatives, in case of Death or other Avoidance, in such Proportions as the Profits of such Living shall have been received by them respectively, for the Year in which such Death or Avoidance shall happen be it further enacted, That in case any Difference shall arise in adjuring or settling the Proportions aforesaid, the same shall be determined by two indifferent Persons, the one to be named by the said Successor, and the other by the Person making such Avoidance, or his Repre-fematves, in case of his Death; and in case such Nominees shall not be appointed within the Space of two Calendar Months next after such Death or Avoidance, or if they c.innot agree in adjusting such Proportions within the Space of one Calendar Month after they shall have been appointed, the same shall be determined by some neighbouring Clergyman, to be nominated by the Ordinary, whose Determination (h.d] be final and concluuve between the Parties; which No/r.iriations and Determinations shall be made according to the Forms for that Purpose contained in the said Schedule, as near as conveniently may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be no House of Habitation upon any Ecclesi-

aftieal Living or Benefice, so defenbed as aforesaid, exceeding in clear yearly Value one hundred Pounds per or being one, the same shall be so mean, or in such a State of Decay as aforesaid, and the

Incumbent shall not rdiJe in the Parish twenty Weeks within any Year, computing the same from the fbft Day of January, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of such Living or Benefice, with the Consent of the Patron (in case the Incumbent shall not think fit to lay out one Year’s Income, where the same may be sufficient, to put the H.uife and Buildings in proper and sufficient Repair, or to make such Application. as aforesaid, for building, repairing, or rebuilding such Parsonage House), to procure such Plan, Estimate, and Certificate, as herein dire#ed, and at any Time, within the Course of the succeeding Year, to proceed in the Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Parson, Vicar, or Incumbent, is hereby authorised and directed to proceed, and to make and execute such Mortgage as aforesaid; which shall be binding upon the Incumbent and his Succetfiors, and he and they shall be, and are, hereby made liable to the Payment of the Interest, Principal, and Costs; and every such Incumbent, and his Representatives, shall be, and are hereby also made respectively liable to the Proportion of the Payments for the Year which shall be growing at the Time of the Death of such Incumbent, or Avoidance of such Living, according to the Directions aforesaid; which said Interest, Principal, and Costs, and Proportion of Payments growing at the Time of the Death of such Incumbent or Avoidance, shall and may be recovered against: such Incumbent, his Successors or Representatives, respectively, by Action of Debt, in any Court of Record.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money recovered or received, by SuiPor Compofuions, from the Representatives of any former Incumbent of such Living or Benefice, and not laid out in the Repairs of such Buildings, shall go and be applied in Parc of she Payments under such Estimate as aforesaid; and that all Money thereafter to be recovered or received, in case the same cannot be had before such Buildings are completed, and the Money paid for the same, shall be applied, as soon as received, in Payment of the Principal then due, as far as the same will extend; or in case the said Mortgage Money shall have been discharged, all such Money arising from Dilapidations shall be paid into the Hands of the Nominee to be appointed as aforesaid, or of some other Person or Persons to be nominated by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, in case such Nominee shall be dead, or shall decline to a# therein, to be laid out and expended in making some additional Buildings or Improvements upon the Glebe of such Living or Benefice, to be approved by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent; and in the mean time, or in case such Buildings shall not be necessary, then rn Trust, to lay out the same in Government or other good Securities, and pay the Interest thereof to the Incumbent for the Time being.

X. Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That where new Buildings are necessary to be provided or ere#ed for the Habitation and Residence of the Re#or, Viyar, or other Incumbent, pursuant to the Authority hereby given, it shall and may be lawful for the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of every such Living or Benefice, to contrail, or to authorise, if they shall think fit, the Person so to be nominated by them as aforesaid, to contract, for the absolute Purchase of any House or Buildings, in a Situation convenimt for the Habitation and Residence of the Re#or or Vicar of such Living or Benefice, and not at a greater Distance than one Mile from the Church belonging to such Living, Benefice, or Chapelry; and also to contract for any Land adjoining or lying convenient to such House or Building, or to the House or Building belonging to any Parochial Living or Benefice, having no Glebe lying near or convenient to the same, not exceeding two Acres, if the annual Value of such Living, to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall be less than one hundred Pounds per Annurn^ nor two Acres for every one hundred Pounds per Annum, if of greater Value, and to cause the Purchase money for such House or Buildings to be paid out of the Money to arise under the Powers and Authorities of this Act; in all which Cases the said Buildings and Lands shall be conveyed to the Patron of such Living or Benefice, and his Heirs, in Trust, for the (ole

-Use and Benefit of the Re#or, Vicar, or other Incumbent, of such Living or Benefice for the Time being, and their Successors, and shall be annexed to such Church or Chapel, and be enjoyed and go in Succession with the same for ever; but no Contract so made by the Nominee shall be valid, until confirmed by

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. S3-

iJS

Purchifr- monfy for such Land t®* bf 1 a.lVd by Sale, &c. of P-rt of thr Glfbc or Ty.hes.

Governor® of

Queen Anne‘«

B Jiity im-pow ered to 1c nd certain Sum* to pm r>oie u e Exc ut on of the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, by Writing under their Hands; and every such Purchase-deed shall be in the Form or to the Effefl contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall be registered in such Manner, and in such Office, as the other Deeds are hereby directed to be registered.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any such Land lying near to the Parsonage House and Buildings, belonging to such Living or Benefice, or to be so purchased or exchanged as aforesaid, shill be thought fit to be taken and used as a Convenience for the same, the Purchase money or Equivalent for such Land shall be raised and had by Sale or Exchange of some Part of the Glebe or Tythes of such Living or Benefice, which shall appear to the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, mo ft convenient for that Purpose; and every such Sale or Exchange shall be by Deed, in the Form or to die Effect contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and registered as herein-before directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governors authorised or appointed td regulate and superintend the Bounty given by her late Majesty Queen Annefor the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, in respect of each Living or Benefice, out of the Money which has arisen, or shall from Time to Time arise, from that Bounty, for promoting and assisting the several Purposes of this Act, with respect to any such Livings or Benefices as shall not exceed the clear annual improved Value of fifty Pounds 5 and such Mortgage and Security shall be made for the Repayment of the A^« Principal Sums so to be advanced, as are herein-before mentioned, but no Interest shall be paid for the same; and in Cases where the annual Value of such Living or Benefice shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds* that it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors to advance and lend, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum not exceeding two Years Income of such Living or Benefice upon such Mortgage and Security as aforesaid, and subject to the several Regulations of this Act, and to receive Interest for the same, not exceeding four Pounds for one hundred Pounds by the Year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any College or Hall, within the C©!lcm ?n O*-Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or for any other Corporate Bodies poffciHd of the Patronage of other

Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, of which they have Cor^tcPoall the Power of disposing, in order to aid and assist the several Purposes of this Act, for the building, re- patrons of unbuilding, repairing, or purchasing, of any Houses or Buildings for the Habitation and Convenience of tlw in s m»v Lnd Clergy, upon Livings or Benefices under the Patronage of such College or Hall, upon the Mortgage and Sums Security directed by-this Act for the Repayment of the Principal, without taking any interdt tur the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Patron of any Living or Benefice, to which the Provisions of this Act are proposed to be extended, shall happen to be a Minor, idiot, Lunatick, or Feme-covert, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardian, Committee, or Husband of every such Patron, to transact the several Matters aforesaid for such Patron, who shall be bound thereby, in such Manner as if Min,'r» tunic, he or she had been of full Age, of found Mind, or Feme-sole, and had done such Act, or given his or har &c*

Consent thereto.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Acts herein-before required to be done or corr- Writing? not fented to by the Ordinary and Patron, shall be done by the Ordinary alone, when such Ordinary shall dblc to Sump* happen to be the Patron of the Living; and that no Deed, Bond, Transfer, or other Writing, Instru-

: ment, or Proceeding, made, had, or d ne, under the Powers or Authority of this Act, shall be charged or changeable with any Stamp-duty, or Fee of Office, except as herein mentioned any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases where any#Act is required Proviso, wheir

to be done by the Ordinary, in the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, and fuc.h Ordinary shall for °rrin'rv be a Body Corporate Aggregate, every such Act shall be done and signified under the Seal of such Body

Corporate. °rpcr* e* "c*

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Incumbent of any Chapelry or per- in couinCjfr® petual Cure shall be nominated by the Reitor or Vicar of the Parish wherein the same is situated, in every ,he of such Case the Consent of such Reitor or Vicar, together with the Consent of the Patron of such Reitory, lht R.c^or» &c* shall be rreccfLry in all such Matters wherein the Consent of the Patron is required by the former Provi- nCvUiJ,>*. lions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided likewise^ and be it further enacted, That whenever any Controversy or Dispute shall arise, touching the Residence of the Incumbent, with respect to any of the Matters contained in this Act, the same shall be adjusted and determined by the Ordinary of the Diocese.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Patron, Ordinary, and Incumbent, of any such Living or Benefice as aforesaid, or any two of them, of which the

‘Ordinary to be one, by Writing under their Hands, to make such Allowance to the Person or Persons to be nominated by them, for the Purpose of paying and applying the Money so to be raised as aforesaid, as they shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds so to be laid out and expended as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That rn all Cases where the Patronage of, any Living or Benefice herein-before described shall be in the Crown, and such Living or Benefice shall be above the yearly Value of twenty Pounds in the King’s Books, the Consent of the Crown to the feve;Dl_Proceccf-

out Irncivft, to aid th* ExeCu-1 i- n of the Act. Who is to art f< r any Patron vh: flu!! br a

D Gut?*: touch— in/t» < R'6 de ice to hr < e-t ru.iwri jj the On j;uj y.

Patron. A’r. to

mjkt Allowance to r’erf n* for a;plying *.ha~ Moo:y, &u

f> what Manner v. < Co 1 ofc of the Crown fluli l»c x^rje kn wn, in Cases *h re A.® Patter^'* fl)«: o. fce m :ue Cio <va«.

mgs hereby authoris'd respeiling such Living or Benefice, shall be signified by the Lord High Treafii or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being; but if such Living or Berndice fl:al! n< exceed the Value of twenty Pounds in the King’s Books, such Consent shall be signified by the Lord H:g Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being; or if such Living

Benefice shall be within the Patronage of the Crown in Right of the Dtrchy of Lanrrfcr, then such Consent shall be signified by the Chancellor of the Duchy for the Time being, by Writing under their respective

136 C. S3.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777

Lords of Manors, which Contain any waste Lands. contententfor the Purposes of this Act, may <grant a Part thereof in Per* potuhy, &c«

spefthre Hands, in the Foitn or to the Eftest* for that Purport* contained in the Schedule hereunto*nneild; and that in all such Cases where such Deed is hereby required to be executed by the Patron as well as the Ordinary and Incumbent, such Deed shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, if executed by the Ordinary and Incumbent only, after such Consent shall have been obtained as aforesaid from the said Lord High Treasurer, First Commissioner of the Treasury. Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster respectively, as the Case shall -be, provided such Consent shall be registered at the Register Office aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That itihall and may oe lawful for any Archbishop or Bishop of any Diocese, and also for any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, being Lord or Lords of any Manor within which there shall be any Waftcor Common Lands, Parcel of the Demesnes of such Manor, lying convenient for the House and Buildings, and other the Purposes of this Act, to grant a Part or Parts of such Waste or Common Lands m Perpetuity for the several Purposes of this Act, leaving sufficient Common for the several Persons having Right of Common upon such Wastes or Commons, and obtaining the Con* sent of the Lessee of such Lands, if the same shall be in Lease,

SCHEDULE to which the Bill refers.

FORM of the CONSENT of the Ordinary and Patron (to be written on Parchment ).

A B. Rector, Vicar, (as the Case shall be) of the Parish, Chapelry, or perpetual Curacy (as the

Case shall be), of in the County of under the Jurisdiction

c of the Ordinary, having produced to us the said Ordinary, and Patron of the said

Church and Living, a Certificate under the Hand of a skilful and experienced

Workman, or Surveyor, of the State and Condition of the Buildings upon the Glebe belonging to the said Church, Chapelry, or perpetual Curacy (as the Case shall be), and of the Value of the Timber, and

other Materials, thereupon, fit to be sold, or employed about such Buddings; and also a Plan, made by the said of the Work proposed to be done by new Buildings and Repairs upon the said Glebe, and an Eftiniate of the Expence attending the same, after applying the said Materials, or the Money to arise from the Sale thereof, in such Buildings and Repairs; and also a particular Account in Writing, signed by the said A- B. of the annual Profits of such Living, and of the Rents, Stipends, Taxes, and other Outgoings, annually issuing the Teout, verified upon Oath, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the morefoeedy and effectual buildings rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices; and having considered such Certificate, Plan, and Account: Now, we do approve thereof; and do con- sent, that such Buildings and Repairs shall be made as therein specified j and that the said A.B. do bor- row and take up at Interest the Sum of being the Estimate of the Expences,

after deducting the Value of the Timber, and other Materials, thought proper to be sold, and which appears to us, from the said Account, a Sum not exceeding two Years neat Income and Produce of the said Living; which Money is to be paid to (a Person nominated by us and the said A. B,) and applied according to the Direction of the said Act.

FORM of the MORTGAGE.

THIS Indenture, made the Day of in the

Year of the Reign of his Majesty and in the Year of our Lord

between the Reverend Rector or Vicar, Uc. of the Parish Church, Curacy, or

Chapelry, of ' in the County of and the Diocese of the Bishop

of of the one Part i and of of the other Part. Whereas the said pursuant to the Directions of an Act, parted

in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the Refulence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provssion for the more speedy a ltd effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the life of their Benefices, hath obtained the Consent of the Ordinary of the said Diocese, and the Patron of the said Church and Living, to borrow and take up at Interest the Sum of to be laid out and

expended in building, rebuilding, repairing (as the Case shall be) the Parsonage House, and other ne-ediary Offices, upon the Glebe belonging to the said Church, Chapel, or Curacy, as appears by an In* strument, signed by the said Ordinary and Patron, hereunto annexed: And whereas the said

hath agreed to lend and advance the Sum of upon a Mort-

gage of the Glebe, Tythes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments, of the said Living, pursuant to the Direction and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act: Now this Indenture witnesseth. That the said in Consideration of the Sum of five Shillings to him in Hand paid,

and of the Sum of paid at or before the Sealing and Delivery hereof,

into the Hands of (a Person or Persons (as the Case shall be) nominated by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, to receive the same, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act (which Nomination is also hereunto annexed) and which Receipt of the said Sum of the said have or hath acknowledged, by an Indorsement

on the Back of this Deed) hath granted, bargained, fold, and demised, and by these Presents doth grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.

Assigns, all the Glebe Lands, Tythes, Rents, Modules, Compositions for Tythe, Salaries, Stipends, Fees, Gratuities, and other Emoluments and Profits whatsoever, arising, coming, growing, renewing, or payable to the Rector, Vicar, or Incumbent (as the Case shall be) of the said Living in respect thereof,

with all and every their Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to have, hold, re-

ceive, take, and enjoy the said Premises, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto the Lid

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from henceforth, for

and during the Term of Years, fully to be complete and ended, in as full, ample, and

beneficial Manner, and with such Remedies and Powers for obtaining and recovering the same, and every,

Part thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said

his Successors, Rectors, Vicars, £sV. (as the Case shall be) of the said Church, could or might, or ought to have held, enjoyed, received, taken, or recovered the same, if these Presents had not been made:

f [And the said A.B. for himself, his Heirs, Executors,

In Cases where the Mortgage by this Act directed and Administrators, doth hereby covenant, promise,

is to be made by the Ordinary and Patron alone, and agree, to and with the said

without the Incumbent, this Covenant and Proviso \ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, That he are to be omitted, and the Form is to be varied in I the said A- B. during the Time he shall continue Rec- such other Respects as shall be necessary for. Vicar, t£c. of the said Parish and Parish Church,

I shall and will well and truly pay, or ckufe to be paid,

unto the said his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Interest for the said Sum of -or so much thereof ks shall remain due at the End of every

Year, to be computed from the Day of the Date of these Presents, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum^ by yearly Payments, the first of the said Payments to berin and be made on the Day of next; and also, at the several Times before mentioned

for Payment of the Interest, as aforesaid, shall and will well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum of five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the Principal which remained due at the Beginning of the Year in which every such Payment is to be paid, in case the said A.B. shall be resident upon the said Living for the Time mentioned in, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of tjje said Act 5 and in case the said A.B. shall not reside upon the said Living during the Time mentioned in, and according to tire true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, he shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum of the said Principal Money, by such yearly Payments as aforesaid, instead of the said Sum of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall and will continue such respective Payments of the said Interest, and on Account of the said Principal Money, so long as he shall continue Rector, Vicar,' 4 fcfr. (as the Case shall be) of the said Parish and Parish Church, unless all the said Principal Money, and Interest for the same, shall befooner paid and discharged. Provided always, and these rrefents are upon this Condition, That if the said AB. and his Successors, shall well and truly pay, or cause to be paid,

the said Principal Money, and Interest for the same, in Manner and at the Times aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and of these Presents, and also all Costs and Charges whiclv shall have been occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, these Presents, and every Thing herein con- 4 tained, shall cease and be void. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the said AB. and his Successors, peaceably and quietly to hold, occupy, possess, and enjoy, all and Angular the said Glebe Lands, Tythes, Rents, Modules, Composition for Tythes, Stipends, Fees, Gratuities, and other Emoluments and Profits whatsoever, arising, or to arise, from or in respect of the said Living, until De-. 4 fault shall be made by him or them respectively in the Payment of the Interest and Principal, or some Part thereof, at the Times and in the Manner aforesaid. In Witness, &c.

NOMINATION of & Clergyman by the Bifiojs to settle any Disfute about the Proportion of the Payments

'within the Tear in which any Avoidance shall happen.

I The Right Reverend BiQiop of pursuant to the Authority of

an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairings or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices, do hereby nominate the Reverend being a Clergyman within

my said Diocese, to adjust and determine the Matter in Dispute between the Reverend Clerk, the present Incumbent of the Rectory, Vicarage, &c, of. within my Dio-

cefe, and the feepresentatives of the the last In-

cumbent (in case of his Death) or the said (in case of his Resignation or Pro-

motion) concerning the due Proportion to be paid by each of the said Parties of the Principal and Interest which accrued due within the Year in which such Death or other Avoidance happened, according to tht Direction, true Intent, and Meaning of the said Act. Given under my Hand, this Day of

AW A R D and DETERMINATION®/'/^ Clergyman nominated by the Bishop.

T The Reverend A- B. of in the County of and

R Diocese of the BiQiop of Clerk, having been nominated by the said Bishop, pursuanc

to the Power given by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the Ref fence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more fbeedy and effectual buildings rebuildings repairings or purchasing HcufrSs and other necessary Buildings and TenementSs for the Use of their Benefices, to adjust and determine the Matter in Dispute between the

C. 5 3. Anno decimo septimo Ge o roi i III. A.D. 1777.

Reverend Clerk, the present Incumbent of the Rectory, Vicarage, &c. of

s within the said Diocese, and the kepresenta-

lives of the last Incumbent (in case of his Death) or the said - (in case of his*

Resignation or Promotion) concerning the due Proportion to be paid by each of the said Parties, of the Principal and Interest which accrued due within the Year in which such Death or Avoidance happened,

according to the Direction and true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and having heard and duly considered the said Matters so referred to me as aforesaid, do award, adjudge, and determine. That the said shall pay, in respect of the Interest and Principal which became due within the Year aforesaid, the Sum of and that the said

shall pay, in respect of the same, the Sum of being the Remainder thertof,

according to the Provision and Direction of the said Act. Given under my Hand, this Day of

APPOINTMENT of the NOMINEE (to be wrote on Parchment):

WE whose Names are subscribed, being the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of the Rectory, Vi-VV carage, idc. of within the County of and Diocese of the

Bishop of do hereby nominate and appoint of

to receive the Money authorised to be raised by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more Jfeedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the life of their Benefices. % for the Purpose of building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, the Parsonage House, <bV. (as the Case shall be) to the said Rectory, Vicarage, tltc. belonging, and to pay and apply the same, and to enter into Contrails with proper Persons for such Buildings or Repairs, and to inspect and take Care of the Execution of such Contrails, and to take such Receipts and Vouchers, keep such Accounts, and do and perform all such other Matters and Things, which Nominees are authorised and required to do and perform in and by the said Act, the said having given Security for<he due Application

thereof, according to the Direction of the said Act. Given under our Hands, this Day of

FORM of ORDER of the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, for laying out or applying the Surplus Money.

WE whose Names are subscribed, being the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of the Rectory, ▼ V Vicarage, iAc. of in the County of and Diocese of the Bishop of do hereby order. That the Sum of now re-,

maining in the Hands of the Person nominated and appointed to receive and apply

the Money raised for building, repairing, ZAc. the Parsonage House, ZAc. belonging to the said Rectory, Vicarage, ZAc. under the Act of Parliament, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necefr fary Buildings and Tenements, for the XJfe of their Benefices, shall be [paid to, being

the Person entitled to receive the Money now remaining due on the Mortgage made of the Glebe Lands, Tythes, and other Profits and Emoluments of the said Living, apd applied in Part of Payment thereof. 4 pursuant to the Direction of the said Act] or [applied in building or repairing, ZAc. (describing the same) t upon the Glebe belonging to the said Living.] Given under our Hands, this < Day of

FORM ^CERTIFICATE from the two Clergymen.

WE, the Reverend A.B. of in the County of # Clerk,

and C.D. of Clerk, being two Clergymen within the Diocese of the Bishop

of do hereby certify to the said Bishop, pursuant to the Directions and

Instructions sent by him to us, That we have made Enquiry into the State and Condition of the Build- ings upon the Glebe belonging to the Rectory, Vicarage, ZAc. of within the said

Diocese, at the Time the Reverend Clerk, the present Incumbent thereof,

entered upon the said Living, which was in or about the Year of our Lord

and do find [That the same have been kept in due and common Repair, without any wil-

ful Neglect, (if the Case is so)] or [That the same have, by wilful Negligence, been suffered to go to Decay, and that they have liiftained Damage, from a Want of common and ordinary Repair, to the Amount of Pounds] and we have also enquired into the Money received by the said

for Dilapidations, from the Representatives of the former Incumbent, and do

/ 4 find. That he hath received the Sum of for such Dilapidations; and [that he

hath expended the Whole, or thereof (as the Case may be) in the necessary Repairs of the

BuildingsJ or [that the same hath not been laid out or expended in repairing the Buildings] upon the Glebe belonging to the said Living* Given under our Hands, this Day of

FORM

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo lcptimo Georgii III. c. 53.' 139

FORM of the DEED of Sale, or Exchange, of Lands or Tythes belonging to the Living or Benefice.

HI S Indenture, made the Day of # in the Year

I of the Reign of his Majesty King George the and in the Year of our Lord

c between A.B. Ordinary of the Rectory (Vicarage, Chapelry, or Perpetual Cure, as

the Case shall be) of in the County oX C.D. of

Patron of the said Rectory, &c. and the Reverend E. F. Clerk, Incumbent of the said Rectory, &c. of the one Part, and G. H. of of the other Part. Whereas, in the Execution of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act%

&c. (here fit forth the Title of the^Afi) it hath been found Convenient to purchase (or exchange, as the Case shall be) certain Lands, (Ac (describe particularly the Lands fur chafed) lying near and convenient to the Parsonage House belonging to the said Rectory, &c. (ory if the House be lately purchased) [lying near a 4 certain Messuage, House, or Tenement, and Buildings, lately purchased for the Habitation of the Mi nirter of the said Rectory, &c. under the Powers of the said Act] and it hath been found most convenient,

and agreed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, that the Glebe Lands (or Tythes, as the Case,

shall be) herein after described, belonging to the said Rectory, &c. shall be fold, to raise the Sum of being the Purchase money for the said Lands herein-before described

(or exchanged, if the same is to be done by Exchange, in order to make an Equivalent for such Lands) and a 4 Contraft hath been made with the said G. H.for the absolute Sale, at the Price or Sum of

(or Exchange, as the Case shall be) of Part of the Glebe Land (of of the Tythes, as the,

Case shall be) belonging to the said Rectory, &c. hetem -after mentioned; that is to'say, (here describe the\

Particulars of the Land or Tythesp»‘OpoJed to be sold or exchanged) which Contraft is hereby ratified and coh-

firmed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent: No# this Indenture witnesseth. That the said,

A'. B. C.D. and E. F. in order so carry the said Contraft into Execution, and to fulfil the Purposes of the said recited Act, in pursuance of the Powers thereby to them given, and in Consideration of the Sum of the Receipt whereof is acknowledged on the Back of this Deed; which,

Sum hath been paid and applied in the Purchase of the Lands herein-before described 5 have, and each of

them hath granted, bargained, and fold (and exchanged, if the same be by Exchange), and by these Pre-,

fonts do, and each of them doth grant, bargain, fell [and exchange, if by Exchange), unto the said G. H.,

and his Heirs and Assigns, all, (Ae% (here describe the Lands or Tythes, as the Case shall be) with theic and,

every of their Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances, to hold to and to the tile of the said G. H. his Heirs and Assigns for ever. (If done by Exchange, add the following Words) [in Exchange for certain Lands which belonged to the said G. It. and are, by Indentures of equal Date herewith, exchanged and conveyed to the said C.D. in Trust, for the sole Use and Benefit of the said E. F. and his Successors,

Rectors, Vicars, &c. (as the Case shall be) of the said Living or Benefice, for the Time being, for ever.]

And* the said A.B. C.D. and E. F. do hereby fevertlly covenant for themselves, their several Executors.

and Administrators, to and with the said G. H. his Heirs and Assigns, That they, nbr any of them, have or hath done any Act whereby the said Lands (or Tythes, as the Case shall be) can or may be incumbered 4< and that the said G. H. his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time for ever hereafter,.

peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the said Glebe Lands or Tythes (as the Case shall be} according to.

the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, without any Lett, Hindrance, or Interruption, of or from

them, or any of them.

InWitness, &c.

FORM «/ /ii DEEDY Purchase or Exchange of Buildings or Lands to be annexed to the Living

or Benefice.

« ‘ 1 s Indenture, made the Day of in the Year

A of the Reign of his Majestjr King and in the Year of our Lord

between A.B. of of the one Part; C.D. Ordinary of the Rectory, Vicarage, Cha-'

pelry, or Perpetual Cure (as the Case shall be) of in the County of

E. F. of Patron of the said Rectory, &c. and the Reverend G. H. Clerk, In-

cumbent of the said Rectory, &c. of the other Part. Whereas there is no Parsonage House belonging to the said Rectory, &c. (or) [the Parsonage House belonging to the said Rectory, &c. is become so ruinous and decayed (or so mean) that it is not fit for the Habitation of the Minister of the said Rectory, (sic.]

and one Year's net Income or Produce of the said Living or Benefice will not be sufficient to rebuild or repair the said House, with the necessary Offices belonging the reto: And whereas a certain Mefiitage,

House, or Tenement, with the Buildings thereunto belonging, situatcin

the Property of the said A.B. and lying within the Distance of # Yards

from the Church (sr Chapel, as the Case shall be) of the said Rectory, &c. appears to the said Ordinary,

Patron, and Incumbent, proper and convenient for the Habitation and Use of the Minister of the said Rectory, &c. [and more commodious than the present House and Buildings upon the Glebe of the said "Rectory, &c.] (in Cases where there are any); indra* Contraft hath been made, by the Direction and with the Approbation and Content of the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, with the said A.B. which is hereby ratified and confirmed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, for th

absolute Purchase of the said Messuage, House, or Tenement, and Buildings, for the Price or Sum pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year]

of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act, & c. (set forth the Title of the Adf:)

T a 4 [And

140

C. 53, 54. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

"[And whereas a Contract has likewise been made with the said A B. by the like Direction, Approbation, and Consent, which is hereby likewise ratified and confirmed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, for the absolute Purchase of the Inheritance of a certain Yard, Garden, Orchard, and Piece or Parcel of Land (describing them particularlyt as the Case shall be) lying near or convenient to the said Messuage, House, Tenement, and Build-

\ ings, containing, by Admeasurement, for the Price or Sum of

which have been agreed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent,

to

This to be inserted when the Lands are purchased from the same Person be raised by the Sale (or Exchange) of certain Lands or Tythes (as the Case shall be) be-who fells the longing to the said Rectory, lf?c. herein after described, pursuant to the Powers given by the House and said Act; viz. (here give a full Defer iption of the Lands Jo agreed to be sold) 5 (if the Equiva-Buildings. lent is to be by Exchange, then after the Word Incumbent, last mentioned, insert [and the said

I A. 5. to be exchanged for [certain Lands or Tythes, feV. (as above.)] Now this Indenture witnesseth, That the said A.B. for and in Consideration of the said several Sums of

and to him in Hand paid for the Purchases aforesaid, (if both the

Buildings and Lands are purchased for Money) 5 (but if the Equivalent for the Land is to be by Exchange, then)

tin Consideration of the said Sum of ^ for the Purchase of the said Messuage,

louse, or Tenement, and Buildings, and in Consideration of the Land (or Tythes, as the Case shall be) so agreed to be exchanged as aforesaid, and intended to be conveyed to him the said A.B. by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, by Indenture of equal Date herewith] the Receipt of which said Sum (or Stim3 of Money, as the Case fall be) [and Acknowledgment of the said ExchangeJ (if the Equivalent for the Land is to be by Exchange) the said A. B hath admitted, by an Indorseift£nt on the Back of this Deed, hath granted, bargained, and fold, and by these Presents doth grant, bargain, and fell (if by Exchange), [hath granted, bargained, fold, and exchanged, with, and] unto the said E F. and his Heirs, all, &c. (here infer t a full Defer iption of the Buildings or Lands so intended to be conveyed, with their and every of their Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances) to hold to the said E. F. and his Heirs, in Trust, for the sole Use and Benefit of the said G. H. and his Successors, Rectors, Vicars, &c. (as the Case shall be) of the said Living or Benefice for the Time being, for ever: And the said A.B. for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, doth covenant and agree to and with the said £ F. and his Heirs, That he hath good Right to convey the said Messuage, House, or Tenement, and Buildings, Lands, &c. (as the Case shall be) and that he will warrant the same, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid, forever, free from all Claims, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever, by, from, or under him, or any of his Ancestors* In Witfless, fcfc.

FOB. MV CERTIFICATE ^/RESIDENCE.

WE, A.B. Rector, Vicar, or officiating Minister (as the Case shall be) of the Parish of

in the Diocese of Clerk, and C.D. Rector, Vicar, or officiating Minister (as the Case shall be) of the Parish of within the said Diocese, Clerk, which said Parishes of

and are near adjoining to the Parish of

within the said Diocese, do hereby certify. That E.F. Rettor, Vicar, or Incumbent (as the Case shall be) of the said Parish and Parish Church of aforesaid, hath tefided upon his Living or

Benefice, within that Parish, for the Space of twenty Weeks, between the Day

of and die Day of last. Given under

our Hands, this Day of

FORM ^"CONSENT where the Living or Benefice shall be in the Patronage of the Crown, or within the Duchy of Lancaster.

WHEREAS the Living or Benefice of within the Diocese of

xxx is in the Patronage of the Crown, and rated 'above or under (as the Case shall be) twenty Pounds per Annum in the King’s Books, or of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (as the Case shall be);

and Application hath been made for building, (rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, or exchanging, as the Case shall be) the Parsonage House or other Buildings or Land (as the Case shall be) for the U(e of the said Living or Benefice, in pursuance of the Powers given for that Purpose, by an Act passed in the seven- teenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act ip promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provison for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairings c or purchasng Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenement s, for the Use of their Benefices; now I the f Right Honourable First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain, [ or Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (as the Case shall be), being satis- 4 fied that such building, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing, or exchanging, &c. (as the Caf e shall be) will be an Improvement and Advantage to the said Living or Benefice, do hereby consent. That such Buildings, Repairs, Purchases, or Exchanges (as the Case shall be), shall be made, according to the Directions and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act. Given under my Hand, this Day of

CAP. LIV.

An Act for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol and Shire-hall for the County of Westmorland.

The Purchase of Ground for building a new Gaol and Shire-hall, fAc. confirmed. The Shire-hall to be fimflied on or before June 1, 1778. Expences of the Buildings, Lfc. to be defrayed out of the County

I4I

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 55.

CAP. LV.

An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manufactory.

WHEREAS by two Acts, one made in the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act for uttering of Caps, and for true Making of Hats and Caps); and the other made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First (intituled, An Act for the better Execution of former Laws touching the making of Hats and Felts, and for the mor£ Restraint of itnfkilful and deccivable Workman- ship therein used, to the Wrong of all Sorts of People of this Realm); it is declared, That no Person or Per- Tons shall make or work any Felt or Hat, uni» fs he or they shall have first served as Apprentices to the Trade or Art of Felt-making for the Space of seven Years; nor set to work any other Person or Persons than Journeymen that have lawfully served to that Art, and Apprentices lawfully bound to that Art; 4 nor set to work in that Art any Person or Persons born out of the Dominions of England, Scotland\ and Ireland; and that no Makers or Workers of Hats shall have above the Number of two Apprentices at one Time (except their own Children) nor these for less Term than seven Years, upon Pain of the several Penalties and Forfeitures prescribed by the said respective Acts: And whereas, by reason of the said Acts,

there is a Scarcity of Journeymen in the said Business throughout this Kingdom May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer*-?f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act for uttering of Caps, and for true making of Hats and Caps); and also the said Adfc passed in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First (intituled, An Act for the better Execution of former Laws touching the making of Hats and Felts, and for the more Restraint of unskilful and deceivable Workmanship therein used, to the Wrong of all Sorts of People of this Realm), be, and nereby are totally repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Master Hatmaker (halt and is hereby re-

Suired to take and employ one Journeyman Hatter for every Apprentice he shall employ in the Trade of latmaking, provided there shall be a sufficient Number of Journeymen Hatters, who have served as Apprentices to the said Trade, offer themselves for that Employment; or in Default thereof, he shall for ever thereafter be disabled from taking more than two Apprentices to the said Trade, in such Manner as he would have been if this Act had not been made.

III. And whereas, by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons empLyed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journey- men Dyers and Journeymen HoUpreffers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages); Provision is made for the runishment of such Journeymen and others employed in the several Manufactures of Hats or Felts, and other the Manufactures therein mentioned, as should at any Time ad in, make, enter into, or be knowingly concerned in, any Contract, Cove- nant, or Agreement, Bye-law, Ordinance, Rule, or Order, for regulating the Trade, settling the Prices of Goods, or for advancing their Wages, or lessening their usual Hours of Work, or who should depart from their Service before the End of their Hiring, or quit or return their Work before the same should be finished according to Agreement, or who (houla wilfully damnify, spoil, or destroy any of the Goods, Wares, or Work committed to their Care, or wherewith they should be intruded; but such Provision hath been found ineffectual, by reason that the Persons convicted of any of such Offences have a Power to appeal to the Justices at a Quarter Sessions, against any Conviction, without being obliged to enter into Recognizances for their Appearance at such Sessions to prafecute such Appeal, and abide the Order of such Sessions; whereby they evade the Punishment inflicted by the said Act, and hold the same in Contemptbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Journeyman Hatter, Hat-maker, Piece-master, Servant, Workman, or other Person whatsoever, employed in the making or finishing of Hats or Felts, in any Branch thereof, shall be convicted, in Manner directed and prescribed by the said last mentioned Act, of having kept up, acted in, made, entered into, signed, sealed, or having, been knowingly concerned in, any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, Bye-law, Ordinance, Rule, or Order, of any Club, Society, or Combination, by the said Act declared to be illegal; or of presuming or attempting to put any illegal Agreement, Bye-law, Ordinance, Rule, or Order, in Execution or of departing from his Service before the End of the Time for which he was hired or retained; or of quitting or returning his Work before the same shall be finished according to Agreement; or of wilfully (poiling or deffroying any Goods, Wares, or Work; every such Person so convicted, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to appeal to the Justices at the Quarter Sessions against any such Conviction, or before the Proceedings under such Conviction shall be suspended, shall enter into Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, the Principal in the Sum of ten Pounds, and the two Sureties in the Sum of five Pounds each, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Appearance of the Person fa convicted at such Quarter Sessions, to prosecute such Appeal, and abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices at such General Quarter Sessions (which Recognizances the said Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby impowered and required to take); and the Justices, in the said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to either Party: And if upon the Hearing such Appeal, the Judgment of the Justices, before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately be committed

Preamble, Acts 8 Eliz.

and 1 Jac. I.

recited;

and repealed;.

Master Hat. makers to employ a Journeyman for every Apprentice they shall take, provided a futEcienC Number of Journeymen offer themselves. Recital of an Act ia Geo. II.

Any Journeyman Hitter, Sell convicted of having entered into any Club, Combination, &c. by the last-recired Act declared to be illegal 5

or of not finKh-inz hit Work, according to Agreement, Ac* shall, before he is allowed to appeal to the Quarter Sc 111 on* enter into Recognizance to* prosecute the ApoeaL and abide the Judgment of the Justices; who shall finally determine the

142

If any Person ihaM attend, or solicit any Journeyman Halter to attendy any such unlawful Club aa aforesaid,

Or shall subscribe or pay any Sum of Money to support the same j

he shall be committed for three Months.

Act 5 Eliz, in Part repealed.

Ho Hat-malrer to aA as a Justice of Peace in the Execution of this Act, &c.

This Act not to repeal the Act *1 Geo. 11. Ac.

Any Person con-*icted before a Justice, may appeal to the Quarter Sessioni; giving immediate Notice, and Coding fufjkieat Security for prosecuting the Appeal with Eft'cA, &c.

Limitation of AAioni.

Defendants under this Act may plead the General Issue,

[Double Costs.]

and recover

[Public Act.]

C. 55. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

mitted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, in pursuance of the original Order of Conviction, there to remain for the Time which shall have been ordered and directed in such original Order, and until the Appellant shall pay the Cods which shall be awarded against him by the Justices in such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace on the Confirmation of such Order.

IV. And, for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations amongst Journeymen Hatters, and other Persons employed in the said Trade,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifiny Person or Persons whomsoever (whether employed in the said Trade or not) shall attend any Meeting, Club, Society, or Combination, by the said last mentioned Act declared to be illegal; or shall summoss, give Notice to, or call upon, any Journeyman Hatter, or other Person employed in the said Trade, to attend any such unlawful Meeting, Club, Society, or Combination, or to pay any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, as a Fine, Contribution, or Subscription, for the Use of any such unlawful Meeting, Club, Society, or Combination; or who shall collect, demand, or receive any Sum or Sums of Money from any Journeyman Hatter, or other Person employed in the said Trade, for any of the above Purposes; or shall

5erfuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, or endeavour to persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, any ourneyman Hatter, or other Person employed in the said Trade, to enter into, or be concerned in any such illegal Meeting, Club, Society, or Combination, or to turn out against, or quit the Service or Employ of, the Master Hatter or Matter Hatters, in whose Service they may be employed 5 or if any Person or Persons shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution whatsoever, for or towards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting, Club, Society, or Combination; every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof cony ided, before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, City, Town, 01 Place, at the Discretion of such Justices, there to be and remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Months.

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the Ad passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry^ and Apprentices, as extends, or may be construed to extend, to restrain any Person or Persons from setting up, using, occupying, and exercising, the Craft, Mystery, and Occupation of a Master Hat-maker, Hat-maker, or FeJtt maker, unless such Person or Persons have been brought up as Apprentices therein, be, and the same i* hereby repealed.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons using or exercising the Trade of a Master Hat-maker, Hat-maker, or Felt-maker, shall, during the Time of his continuing to use or exercise such Trade, be capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in the Execution of this or any other Act relative to the Punishment of any Journeyman Hat-maker or Apprentice who shall offend against this or any other Act made for the Regulation of the said Trade.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal the said Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or any of the Provisions therein contained, or any of the Acts therein mentioned 5 but that the said Provisions shall remain in full Force, and the Penalties and Far-' feitures in the said Acts mentioned or recited, to which Offenders are respectively subjected, may he levied, recovered, and inflicted, in the same Manner as such Penalties and Forfeitures might have been levied, recovered, and inflicted, before the making of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person convicted before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any of the Offences in this Act mentioned, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, to be held for the County, City, Borough* Town, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, giving immediate Notice of the Intention of bringing such Appeal, and finding Security, to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall have been made, for being present at such General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the Judgment of the Court; and such Justices, in such General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, shall finally hear and determine the Matter, and shall have Power to award reasonable Costs to either Party, as to them shall seem just; and if such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, such Appellant shall be Committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action. shall be brought against any Justice oif the Peace, Constable, Headborough, or other Officer, or against any other Person or Persons whomsoever,.for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under, or by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Matter or Thing.

X. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a public Act in all Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 143

CAP. LVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather* Fur, Hemp,

FJax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second [intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses com- Recital of an mitted by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, ‘and in the fvoolleny Lineny Fuji t an y Cotton, Iron, Gco«

Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures 5 and for preventing unlawful Combinations of c Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures,

and for the better Payment of their Wages) \ it was enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever,

who should be hired or employed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare or work up any Woollen, Linen,

Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, or Silk Manufactures, or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or of any of the said Materials mixed one with another, should, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, purloin, embezzle, feCrete, fell, pawn, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, any of the Materials with which he, she, or they should be respectively intruded, whether the same, or any Part thereof, be or be not first wrought, made up, manufactured, or converted into tner- chantable Wares, and should be thereof lawfully convicted, in Manner therein mentioned, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence should be committed, or where the Person or Persons 10 charged should reside or inhabir, it should and might be lawful to and for the saidf Justice or Justices, by Warrant under hi£ or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,

there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, and also to order the Person or Persons so convicted to be once publicly whipped at the Market-place, or some other public Place, of the City,

Town, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders should be respectively committed; and in case of a further Conviction, in Manner before prescribed by the said Act, for or upon a second or other subsc- quest Offence of the same Kind, it should and might be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction should be had, to commit the Person or Persons so again offending, to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month* and also to order the Person or Persons 10 again offend tng, to be publicly whipped at the Market-place, or some other public Place of the City, Town, or Place where such Offender or Offenders should be respectively committed, twice, or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices should appear reasonable: And whereas it is thought necessary to vary the Punishment for the Offences herein-before recited be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Ehy of July, one Somchof the thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, so much of the said recited Act as prescribes what the Punish- fata A«f u ment shall be in any of the Cases before-mentioned, or before whom such Conviction shall be had, whether p^feribe* tbt for a first Offence, or a second or any subsequent Offence, shall be repealed; and instead of infliding the Punishment so directed, the Justices of the reace before whom the Conviction shall be, (halt commit the embU^iing, Person convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, there to be kept to hard Labour, in pawning, *c. of the Case of a first Offence, for any Time not less than fourteen Days, nor more than three Months; and Material*, it

in the Case of a second or any subsequent Offence, for any Time not less than three Months, nor more hereby lepeatoi than six Months; and may likewise for the first, or for any subsequent Offence, order the Person convicted sub-

to be once publicly whipped, if such additional Punishment shall by the said Justice or Justices be deemed ftlcute/instead proper. thereof.

1L Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, No Person to be who shall be charged with any Offence or Offences against the said recited Act of the twenty-second Year conrifted, uniefo of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, shall be liable to be convicted, unless before two before two Juror more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where tici4* the Offence shall be committed; any Thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III. And whereas, by the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Recital of*

George the Second, it was also enacted, That if any Person or Persons should buy, receive, accept, or CUufo in the

take, by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale, or Exchange, or in any other Manner whatsoever, of or aforesaid from any Person or Persons hired or employed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare or work up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, or Silk Manufactures,

or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair, or Silk, or of any of the said Materials mixed one with another, any Thrum be or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of Wool,

Fur, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, or Iron, or any Leather, Mohair, or Silk, whether the same, or any Part thereof, be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the Person or Persons, of whom he, she, or they, so buy, receive, accept, or take, the said Materials, to be so hired or employed as aforesaid, and not having first obtained the Consent of the Person or Persons so hiring or employing him,

her,

,44’

So much -of the said Act, at orders the Punish-nient for buying, receiving, See, of »ny Goods in the lad-recited Clause mentioned, repealed 5 and other Pu-nhhmentt fob-flituted in dead thereof.

How Justices to proceed when Grtrnders are brought before th-*m for a Second Offence*

Any such Off-n ereonvided beK i e the

C. 56. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

her, or them, who should offer to fell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise dispose of, the said Mate*

rials; or should buy, receive, accept, or take, in any Manner whatsoever, of or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, any of the said Materials, whether the same be or be not first wrought, made 4 up, or manufactutec), knowing the fume to be so purloined or embezzled; then, and in every such Case,

the Person or Persons so buying* receiving, accepting, or taking, any such Materials, being thereof lawfully convicted, in Manner before prescribed by the said Act, for the Conviction of Persons purloin- ing or embezzling the said Materials, should, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds;

and in case the said Forfeiture should not be immediately paid, the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction should be had, should commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction,

or other public Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, unless the said Forfeiture should be sooner paid; and if within two Days before the Expiration of the said fourteen Days the said Forfeiture should not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are thereby impowered and required to order the Person or Persons so convicted to be publicly whipped at the Market- place, or some other public Place, of the City, Town, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders4 4 should be respectively committed, once, or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices should appear reasonable; and in case of a further Conviction for or upon a second or any other subsequent Offence' of the*

same Kind, the Person or Persons 16 again offending, being thereof convicted in Manner before prescribed by the said Act, should, for every second or other subsequent Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty*

Pounds; and in case the said Forfeiture should not be immediately paid, the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction should be had, should commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless the said Forfeiture should be sooner paid; and if within seven Days before the Expiration of the Time for which such Offender or Offenders should be so committed, the said Forfeiture should not be paid, the said Justice or Justices is and are thereby impowered and required to order such Offender or Offenders to be publicly whipped at the Market-place, or some other public Place, of the City, Town, or Place, where he, she, or they should be respectively committed, twice, or oftener, as to such Justice or Justices should appear reasonable: And the said respective Forfeitures of twenty Pounds and forty Pounds, when recovered, after Satisfaction should have been made thereout to the Party or Parties injured, together with such Costs of Prosecution as should be judged reasonable by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction should have been had, should be equally distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons so convicted should reside or inhabit: And whereas it is thought necessary to increase the pecuniary Penalties directed by the said recited Act for the said Offences last mentioned, and to vary the Application of the said Penalties for the same, and further to change the Consequences of Nonpayment;’ be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, so much of the said recited Act of the twenty-second of his late Majesty King George the Second, as enaCb what the Penalty or Punishment shall be for such buying, receiving, accepting, or taking, by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale, or Exchange, or in any other Manner, as is described by the said Act, in the Terms aforesaid, and how such Penalty shall be applied, and what Punishment shall be inflicted in case of Nonpayment, shall be repealed; and instead thereof, the Penalty for the first Offence shall be any Sum not more than forty Pounds, nor less than twenty Pounds, as the Justices before whom the Conviction shall be shall judge to be moil proper 5 and every such pecuniary Penalty shall be applied, under the Direction of the Justices before whom the Conviction shall be, in Manner following; (that is to say) In the first Place, the Expences of the Prosecution shall be thereout defrayed; and then such Satisfaction shall be made thereout to the Party or Parties injured, as the said Justices shall think proper; and afterwards so much of the said Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers as such Justices shall th nk fit, not exceeding, in any Case, ten Pounds; and the Remainder, if any, shall be paid and distributed to and amongst the Poor of the Parish, Town, or Place, where the Conviction shall be, or for the Use of such public Charity or Charities as such Justices shall appoint: And if fujch pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid shall not be paid on Conviction, the said Justices shall commit the Person convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not more than six Months, nor less than three Months, as the said Justices shall think fit to direct, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid; or the said Justices may fend the Person convicted to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, there to remain for three Days, exclusive of the Day of Commitment, with an Order that within the said Time the Person so convicted shall be once publicly whipped at such Market-place, or other public Place as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of TWy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person or Persons shall be brought before any Justices of the Peace, and shall be charged upon Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) upon solemn Affirmation, of having been guilty of buying, receiving, accepting, or taking, by Way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale, or Exchange, or in any other Manner, as is described by the faiu recited Act, in the Terms aforesaid, and it shall appear to such Justices that the Person or Persons so charged hath or have been already convicted of the like Offence for which he, she, or they is or are then charged, that then such Justices shall not proceed to convict such Person or Persons, but shall commit him, her, or them, to the House of C rreflion, or some other public Prison, there to remain until the next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have entered into a Recognizance to answer for such Offence at the said next General or General Quarter Sessions; and the Justices in such General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the same; and if such Person shall be convicted upon the Oath, or*

(being

1

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 145

JO l to lool.g

or be committed. See,

(being of the People called fakers) upon the Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, Quarter Seffiom, the Person so convicted Oi si 1 forfeit and pay, for such Offence, any Sum not more than one hundred shall forfe t trotn Pounds, nor less than fifty Pounds, as the said Justices shall judge to be moil proper; and every such Penalty shall be applied and disposed of, under the Direction of the said Justices in their General or General Quarter Sessions, in such Manner and Proportions as the Penalty herein-before imposed for the full Offence of the like Nature is by this Act directed to be applied and disposed of; and if such Penalty (bail not be paid on Conviction, the said Justices shall commit the Person so convicted to the House of Coriedion, or other public Prison, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not more than six Months, nor less than three Months, as the said Justices shall in their Discretion think fit, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid; or the said Justices may fend the Person convicted to the House of Cofrtdion, or other public Prison, there to remain for three Days, exclusive of the Day of Commitment, with an Order that within the said Time such Person shall be once publicly whipped at such Market-place, or other public Place as aforesaid.

V. And whereas many Frauds are practised, in respect to such Materials as aforesaid, by Persons who sell them knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled ;* be it therefore further enacted, That, after the said first Day of July\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person shall left, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, or offer to fell, pawn, pledge, exchange^ or as aforesaid otherwise unlawfully dispose of, any such Materials as aforesaid, whether wrought or unwrought, mixed knowing them or unmixed, knowing them to have been pui Joined or embezzled, every such Person, lawfully convicted^ to have teen em-

shall bed i able to the lame Punishment as he or she would be liable to by virtue of this Act, on being con- btlz]e*> be

vided of receiving purloined or embezzled Materials, knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled.

VI. And whereas such Materials as aforesaid, which have been purloined or embezzled, are frequently

received by Persons knowing the same to have been so purloined or embezzled; and such Materials

being afterwards worked up, or otherwise disposed of, renders it difficult to convict such Offenders;* be

it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, when any Person or Persons shall be brought or charged upon Oath, before any two or rtiore Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, with being suspected of, or with having purloined or embezzled, or with having received any such Materials as aforesaid, whether the same be wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing the same to have been either purloined or embezzled, or received from some Person or Persons not intitled to dispose thereof, and it shall be made appear upon the Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) upon the Affirmation, of one or more credible Witness of Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, that such Person or Persons hath or have puiloined or embezzled, or hath or have received any such Materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, or received from some Person or Persons not intitled to dispose thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, or for the Justices at their General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and they are hereby respectively authorised and impowered (if they shall think fit) to convict such Person or Persons of having purloined or embezzled, or of having received such Materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, or received from some Person or Persons not intitled to dispose thereof, although no Proof shall be given to whom such Materials belong; and the Person or Persons so convicted shall, for every such Offence, be subject to such and the like Penalties and Punishments, at the Discretion of such Justices respectively, as Persons convicted of buying or receiving any such Materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, are by this Act subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the twenty-second of King George the Second, it was also enacted, That if any Person or Persons intruded with any of the Materials therein and herein-before mentioned, in order to prepare, work up, or manufacture the same, should not use all such Materials in the preparing, working up, or manufacturing, of the same, and should neglect or delay, for the Space of twenty-one Days after such Materials should be prepared, worked up, or manufactured, to return (if required by the Owner or Owners of such Materials so to do) so much of the said Materials as should not be used as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons intruding him, her, or them therewith, such Neglect or Delay should be deemed a purloining or embezzling of such Materials; and the Person or Persons so ne- electing or delaying, being thereof convicted in Manner therein-before prescribed for the Conviction of Offenders against the said Act, should suffer the like Punishment as Persons convicted of purloining or

embezzling any of the Materials therein-before mentioned, are by the said Act rendered subject and liable to: And whereas the Space of twenty-one Days, allowed by the said recited Act, is thought too long a Time to be allowed for returning the said Materials, under the Circumstances, and in Manner aforesaid;

and it may be proper to make the Punishment for not returning such Materials the same as for purloining

or embezzling under this Act;* be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day and altered of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, so much of the said recited Act as allows twenty-one Days after the preparing, working up, or manufacturing the said Materials, for returning so much of the said Materials as shall not be used in such preparing, working up, or manufacturing, and declares that the Punishment f«>r not so returning the Lid Materials within the said Time, shall be the same as under the said Act isdireded for purloining or embezzling, shall be repealed; and only eight Days shall be allowed for returning the said Materials in Manner aforesaid; and the Punishment for not returning them within the said eight Days shall be the same as is determined by this Act directed to be infl ded for purloining or embezzling.

VIII. And whereas, by the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it is enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one rhou- sand seven hundred and sorry-nine, if any Person who should be hired, retained, or employed, to prepare or work up any of the Manufactures therein-before mentioned, for any one Master, should neglect of refuse the Performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himself or herself to be subsequemly retained

Person* felling, panning, &c. any such Mate-

liable to 'he same Punishment at for re* reiving embezzled Materials.

Ht w Justicet to

proceed in relation to Persont charged on Oath with being suspected of having embezzled such Materials, or of having received the same knowing them to have been embezzled, &€.

Another Clause of the Act % Geo. 11. recited.

Another Clause of the said Act tecited.

U

or

146 C. 56.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

and repealed* Any Person being employed to work up Material?, who shall neglect to perform the same for eight Days, &c. shall be sent to the House of Correction*

If any Pcfon shall receive any Materials to be manufactured, in a fictitious Naroej or shall deliver the same to any other Person* without the Consent of the Owner, &c. he shall be liable to the same Pu-11 ifh men t as Perfo iS neglecting to perform their Work, Sec, Preamble*

Justices, on receiving Complaint on Oath, that embezzled Materials are fufp-tied to be concraled in any House, Stc, may gr?nt a Warrant for searching the same.

How Persons shall be punished, in whole Possession such Materials shall be found.

Peace Officers in Towns Corporate, &c. may appichcfk. all

or employed by any other Matter or Person whatsoever, before he or she^hould have completed the Work which he or she was first and originally so hired, retained, or employed to perform, and which was first delivered to him or her; then, and in every such Case, the Person to offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) Affirmation, of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses* before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divi- fion. City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence or Offences should be committed, should be sent to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month: And whereas the said Provision contained in the said recited Clause is not found sufficient for the Purpose intended, and it is apprehended that some other Provision, more proper, may be madebe it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the whole of the said last-recited Clause shall be repealed; and that, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person, being hired, retained, or employed, to prepare or work up any Materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for any Master or Masters, shall wilfully neglect or refuse the Performance thereof for eight Days successively; or having taken in any Materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for Manufacture, from one Master, or two or more Masters being Copartners, shall afterwards take in any Materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for Manufacture, from aqy other Master or Masters; or shall procure, or permit himself or herself to be employed or retained in any other Occupation or Employment whatsoever, sooner than eight Days before the Completion of the Work first taken j then, in every such Case, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) Affirmation, of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, shall be sent to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month.

IX. And whereas it frequently happens that Persons receive the said Materials in fi&iuous Names, in order to be manufactured; and that persons receive such Materials in their own Names, in order to be manufactured by themselves, and afterwards deliver the same to others to be manufactured, without the Knowledge or Consent of the Owners thereof; and that Carriers, or other Persons employed to deliver Materials to Workmen to be prepared or manufactured, do designedly deliver such Materials to other Persons than those intended by the Owner of such Materials ;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person shall receive any of the aforesaid Materials in a fictitious Name, in order to be manufactured; or if any Person shall receive in his or her own Name any of the said Materials, in order to be manufactured by himself or herself, and afterwards deliver the same, or any Part thereof, to any other Person to be manufactured (without the Consent of the Owner thereof); or if any Carrier, or other Person employed to deliver any such Materials to any Workman, to be prepared or wrought up, shall designedly deliver the same to any other Person than the Person to whom such Materials were ordered or intended to be delivered by the Owner thereof; all and every Person and Persons offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, be liable to Prosecution, in the same Manner, and to the same Punishment, as is by this Act directed in respect to Persons taking in any of the said Materials in order to work up, and afterwards wilfully neglecting or refusing the Performance of their Work for the Space of Time aforesaid.

X. And whereas it frequently happens that Materials used in the Manufactures before mentioned, are found, or known to be concealed in the Possession of Persons who have received the same, knowing the m

to be purloined or embezzled, or of Persons known not to be entitled to dispose of the same; and whereas the Discovery and Conviction of the Purloiners and Embezzlers, Buyers and Receivers, of such Mate- rials, is full of Difficulty, from the close and clandestine Manner in which the Offence is committed; and there is still greater Difficulty in proving whose Property such Materials are; and it would tend to the Discouragement and Suppression of such Offences, if the Discovery and Conviction of such Offenders were rendered more easy: And whereas, by the said recited Act of the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, Justices of the Peace, after Conviction of any Offender for purloining or embezzling the said Materials, or for buying or receiving the same, are authorised to grant Warrants for searching the Houses and other Places of the Persons To convicted, but no such Authority is given

before Conviction, nor in any other House or Place, except such as belongs to a Person convicted be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Divisioli, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, upon Complaint made to them, upon Oath, by any one credible Person, or (being of the People called Quakers) upon solemn Affirmation, that there is Cause to suspect that any such purloined or embezzled Materials, whether mixed or unmixed, wrought or unwrought, are concealed in any Dwelling-house, Out-house, Yard, Garden, or other Place or Places, by virtue of a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause every such Dwelling-house, Out-house, Yard, Garden, or Place, to be searched in the Day-time: And if any such Materials, suspected to be purloined or embezzled, shall be found therein, to cause the same, and the Person or Persons in whose House, Out-house, Yard, Garden, or other Place, the same shall be found, to be brought before any two Justices of the Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place; and if the said Person or Persons shall not give an Account, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, how he, she, or they came by the same, then the said Person or Persons so offending, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be punished in Manner herein-afeer mentioned, although no Proof shall be given to whom such Materials belong.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Peace-officer, Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, in every County, City, Town Corporate, or other Place, where there shall be Officers, and every Beadle within his Ward, Parish, or District, and every Watchman, during such Time only as he is on his Duty,

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 147

shall and may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and every Person or Persons who may reasonably b- suspected of having or carrying, or any ways conveying, at any Time after Sun-setting and before Sun-itfing, any of such Materials suspected to be purloined or embezzled, and the same, together with such Person or Persons, as loon as conveniently may be, convey or carry before any two Justices of the Peice for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, within which the suspected Person or Persons shall be apprehenaed; and if the Person or Persons so apprehended in conveying any such Materials, shall not produce the Party or Parties duly intitled to dispose thereof, from whom he, or they bought or received the lame, or some other credible Witness, to testify upon Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) upon folemtv Affirmation, to the Sale or Delivery of the said Materials (which Oath or Affirmation respectively such Justices are hereby impowered to administer), or shall not give-an Account, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, how he; me, or they came by the same; then the said Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and bepumftisd in Manner herein-afeer mentioned, although no Proof shall be given to whom such Materials belong.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in either of the two Cases last before mentioned, when any Person or Persons, who shall be brought before any two Justices of the Peace, shall request of such Justices to appoint a reasonable Time to produce the Person or Persons duly intitled to sell or dispose of the same, of or from whom he, she, or they bought or received the same, or some one or more credible Witness or Witnesses to prove the Sale or Delivery thereof; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such reasonable Time as aforesaid, and to issue out a Summons to the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place where such Person or Persons, or such Witness or Witnesses, shall respectively reside, requiring him, her, or them, to appear before two or more Justices, at such Time and Place as shall be so appointed by such Justices, in order to be examined and give Evidence on Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers)' solemn Affirmation, of the several Matters aforesaid; but such Person or Persons, at the Time of making such Request, shall enter into a Recognizance, with or without Surety or Sureties, as such Justices shall think proper, for his, her, or their Appearance before them, at the Time so to be set, or, for want of such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall be committed until the Time that shall be set or appointed by the said Justices for the Appearance of such Party or Parties, Witness or Witnesses; and if at such appointed Time such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, then, and in such Case, he, she, or they, shall fuft'er such Punishment as is herein-before diie&ed to be inflicted on Persons guilty of such Offences.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall be convicted of a Misdemeanor in either of the two Cases last before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices before whom the Conviction shall be, to cause the said Materials so found or seized as aforesaid, to be deposited in the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Place where such Materials shall be {bund or seized, or in any other convenient Place, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days; and in the mean time to order the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or one of them, to insert an Advertisement in some one or more of the public Newspapers usually published or circulated in or near such Place, or otherwise to cause Notice to be given by some public Crier, and by fixing on the Church or Chapel Door Notice describing such Materials, and where the same are so deposited, to the End that Persons having loft such Materials, or any reputable Person or Persons in their Behalf, may come and claim the same: And in case any Person or Persons can prove his, her, or their Property in the said Materials upon Oath, or (being of the People called Quake s) upon his, her, or their solemn Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of any two Justices of the Peace (or such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, theo such Justices shall order Restitution of such Materials to the Owner or Owners thereof, after paying the reasonable Charges of removing, depositing, and giving public Notice of the same; but if, before the End of the said thirty Days, no Person or Persons shall come and prove his, her, or their Property in such Materials, nor any reputable Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, then the said Justices shall order and direct the same to be sold for the heft Price that can reasonably be had, and after deducing such Charges as aforesaid, together with the Charges of Sale, one Moiety of the Money arising from such Sale shall be given to the Person or Persons, or either of them, who shall apprehend or prosecute the Offender or Offenders guilty of either of the Misdemeanors aforesaid, as the said Justices shall appoint; and the other Moiety thereof, either to and amongst the Poor of the Parish, Town, or Place, where the Conviction shall be, or to such public Charity or Charities as the Justices convicting shall appoint.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, in having in his or her Possession any Materials suspected to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the Party or Parties being duly intitled to dispose of the same, of whom he or she bought or received the same, nor giving a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same; or of a Misdemeanor in having, carrying, or conveying, of the said Materials suspected to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the Party or Parties being duly intitled to dispose of the same, of whom he or she bought or received the same, nor any credible Witness to testify upon Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) upon so-letnn Affirmation, the Sale or Delivery thereof, nor giving a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same (as the Case shall be), shall, for every such Misdemeanor, forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and for the second Offence, the Sum of thirty Pounds 5 and for every subsequent Offence, the Sum of forty Pounds: All which said respective Forfeitures shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender (rendering to him or her the Overplus, after Charges of the said Distress and Sale deduded), by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be deemed and adjudged guilty; of which Forfeiture, one Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to and amongst the Poor of the Parish, Town, or

U a Place,

Persons fufprft-el or having or ca r" ng, after S jn-ftr, any Materials fuf-pedt.-d to b* purloined, Sec,

Justices ra»y, at I be Request of Persons brought before them, appoint a reason-al>le Time to produce the Persons intitl d to dispose of the Materials, Sec,

On the Person* making such Request, enter* ing into a Recognizance, Sec,

On any Person being convicted of a Misdemeanor, as aforesaid, the Materials so found shall be deposited in the H.im’s of the C hutch wardens, St c.

If any Person can prove his Property in the said Materials, they shall be delivered to him, on paying the Charges of removing, Sc c.

But if no Person prove his Property in them, they shall be fold, &c.

Penalty on Persons having in their Possession Materials fuf-pedted to be'pur* loined, Sec,

Forfeitures may be levied by Distress.

148-

On Failure of Dirt ref;, Offender to be coiunitted.

Owner* of Materials delivered to J jurneym'n, &c. to be worked of, may, at all feafo'-able Hours, enter their Shops or Outhouses, to inspect their Materials. Penalty oa Refusal of Entrance, &c.

All Penalties

in the Act xz Geo. II. and in this Act, relating to the said Mate, ids, shall be appli-cab e to the Tools, &c. with which any Person is entitled for n anu^ftur-ing the same.

If any Journeyman Dyer, &c. shall, without the Confcir of his Emp nyer, dye any W60L len. Linen, &c.

he shall forfeit, for the first Offence, 106 Ac.,; or if any Person shall procure any such MateiLII to be so dyed,

he shall forfeit, for the full Offence, 5 s, &c.

Inhabitants of any !'an(h whr. ei any of the aforesaid Offences shall be committed, to be deemed competent 'Witnesses,

C. 56. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Place, where such Conviction shall be, or to such public Charity or Charities as the Justices convicting shall appoint; and if no sufficient Distress shall be found whereon to levy the said Tespective Forfeitures, then the said Justices shall and may commit every such Offender, so respectively deemed and adjudged

5uilty as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol, or other Prison, or House of Correction, within his or their urisdiction, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month, for the first Offence; and for the iecond Offence, for the Space of two Months; and for every subsequent Offence, for the Space of six Months.

XV. And whereas it sometimes happens, by Occasion of the very long Detention of such Materials as aforesaid, delivered out to Journeymen or other Persons employed to work up the same, it cannot be known to the Master or Owners of such Materials, whether the same may have been purloined or cm bezzled, or whether the said Materials are wholly or in Part wrought or begun to be wrought, or in what State or Condition such Materials may be: For Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any such Materials, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to demand Entrance, and enter, at all seasonable Hours in the Day-time, into the Shops or Outhouses of 3ny Person or Persons employed by him or them to work up any of the said Materials, or other Place or Places where the Work shall be carried on, and there to inspect the State and Condition of such Materials; and in case of Refusal, by any such Person or Persons so employed, to permit such Entrance or Inspection, he, she, or they so refusing, shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shilling?, as the Justices, before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper* to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is by this Act directed for the Misdemeanor of being ini the Poffffion of any such Materials, without being able to account satisfactorily for such Possession-

XVI. And whereas the said recited Act, of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, contains no Provision for the Protection and Recovery of the Tools and Im- plements with which any Person or Persons employed in preparing, working up, or manufacturing, such Materials as aforesaid, shall be entrusted for that Purpose; nor any Provision in respect to the Drugs and Ingredients used in dying, preparing, or manufacturing, such of the said Materials as are usually dyed, prepared, or manufactured / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, every Penalty or Punishment directed by, or other Provision contained in, the said recited Act, in respect to the said Materials, so far as the said recited Act is not varied by this Act, and all the Provisions in this Act contained in respect to the said Materials, (half extend and be applicable to any Tool or Tools, and Implement or Implements, with which any Person or Persons shall be entrusted for making, working up, or manufacturing, the said Materials, and also to any Drug or Drugs, Ingredient or Ingredients, with which any Person or Persons shall be entrusted, for the Purpose of dying, preparing, or manufacturing, such of the aforesaid Materials as are usually dyed, prepared, or manufactured, in the same Manner as if the said Tools and Implements, Drugs and Ingredients, were particularly mentioned, both in the said recited Act and in the preceding Provisions of this Act.

XVII. And whereas Journeymen Dyers, Servants, and Apprentices, frequently abuse the Trust re-4- posed in them, by dying Goods for their own Profit, without the Consent of their Masters / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person hired, retained, or employed as 2 Journeyman Dyer, or as a Servant or Apprentice, in the dying of any Felt or Hat, or any Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Leather, Fur, Flax, Mohair, or Silk Materials, whether the same shall be wrought or unwrought, or shall be mixed or unmixed with other of the said Materials, shall, without the Consent of the Mftler, Person or Persons by whom such Journeyman, Servant, or Apprentice, shall be hired, retained, or employed, wilfully dye any of the said’ Materials, whether wrought or unwrought, or mixed or unmixed with other of the said Materials, or without such Consent shall wilfully receive any such Materials as aforesaid, for the Purpose of dying the same, whether the same (h *11 be dyed or prepared for dying, he or she so guilty of either of the said Offences shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the second Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for every subsequent Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; or if any Person shall procure any such Materials as aforesaid, to be dyed by any Person so hired, retained, or employed as a Journeyman, Servant, or Apprentice, without the Consent of his or her Master or Employer, or shall offer any such Materials to any such Journeyman, Servant, or Apprentice, for the Purpose aforesaid, he or (be so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers)-Affirmation, of one or more credible Witr.efs or Wimesses, before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Ricbng, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Shillings; and for the second Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for every subsequent Offence, the Sum of four Pounds; and each of the said Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers; and in case of Non-payment on Conviction, the Person so convicted shall be committed, by the Justices before whom the Convicti on shall be, to the common Gaol or House of Correction, to remain for any Time not exceeding one Month, as such Justices shall; order and direct.

XVIII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Off nee shall be committed contrary to the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Map fly King George the First, or contrary to the Act of the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, or contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, and he £, is

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 149

is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath, or (if the Person complaining be of the People called Quakers) solemn Affirmation, of any Offence committed against this Act, within the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, to issue his Warrant for apprehending, and bringing before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City. Liberty, Town, or Place, the Perfm or Persons charged with such Offence; and the Justices before whom such Person or Persons shall be brought, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and to proceed to Judgment and Conviction thereupon.

XX. And whereas the said Act, of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, only gives an Appeal from an Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace to the General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, where an Order is made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in the Cale of the Buyer or Receiver of such purloined or embezzled Materials as aforesaid, and in respect to the Sale or Disposal of such Materials found on searching by Warrant, after any Conviction for purloining or embezzling, or for receiving or buying such purloined or embezzled Ma erials: And whereas it is thought more proper to give a Right of appealing in the Case of o her Orders of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be made by Force of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign c of his late Majesty King George the First* (intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their WagesJ, and of the said Act, and also in the Case of all Orders to be made by any Justices of the Peace under this Act;’ be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of any two Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted of any of the Offences in the said Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or in this Act, such Person may appeal, and the said Justices are hereby required to make known to such Person, at the Time of such Conv dtion, his or her Right to appeal, to the next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Conviction shall have been made (such Person, at the Time of such Conviction, giving to such Justices Notice in Writing of his or her Jnienrion to appeal, and also entering into a Recognizance, at the Time of such Notice, with sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Sessions); but if the Person giving such Notice of Appeal shall not, at the Time of* giving such Notice, enter into such Recognizance as aforesaid, then the Justices, to whom such Notice of Appeal shall have been given, shall and may commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, there to remain until the said next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for such Place, unless such Recognizance shall be sooner entered into; and the said Justices before wh >in such Conviction shall have been made or any other two or more Justices of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, are hereby impowered and required to take, and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required, upon due Proof made of such Notice of Appeal, either by the Acknowledgment of the Justices to whom the same shall have been given, or otherwise, to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to b* paid by cither Party: And if, upon the Hearing of such Appeal, the Judgment of the Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall, within forty-eight Hours next after the same shall be so affirmed, suffer such corporal Punishment as shall have been directed to be inflicted upon him or her for the Offence whereof he or she shall have been convidTd, or shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said sessions shall award to be paid by him or her, for defraying the Expences fufLined by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal; or, in Default of making such Payment, shall be commit'ed to the common Gaol, or House of Conection, in the same Manner, and for the fime Time, to b- computed from the Affirmance of such Conviction, as shall be directed by the original Judgment of Conviction, unless the Person or Persons so convicted shall have been imprisoned under the original Con' iction, in which (J«»fe the Time lor which such Person or Persons shall have been so confined shall be inJuded in the Ord r of Confirmation.

XXI. And whereas an Act, passed in the twemv-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the more effectually punishing of Persons convicted of fiduerg Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the Dominions rf the Crown of Great Broain; and to prevent the Exportation of Utenfis mode use of in the Wooiien and Silk Manufactures, fr.m Great Britain or Ireland into Foreign Parti \ and for the more easy and speedj Determination of Appeals, allowed* in certain Cases by an Act made in the la ft Session of Parliament, relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned), p eicribes a For n for Coovitfion of the leveui Offences mentioned in the said tecited Act of the cwenty-second of George the Second; hut such Form is not adapted to the said last mentioned Act, as altered by this Ai5t; and it may be useful to have one general Form for the said recited Act of the twenty-second of George the Second, and this Act be it therefore further enacted, That in respect to all Offences which from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall becomrrvtted ag mft the said recited Act of the wenty-second of George the’ Second, so much of the said Act of the twenty-third of George the Second, as pre/cuibes a Form of Con-vi£L n for Offences against the said Act of th twenty-V<«md of George the Second, shall be repealed and that, from and after the said first Day of fu/y, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fiyen, the Justices before wh >m any Offender shall be convicted of an\ Offence, ei her against the said Act of the twenty-second of George the Second, or varied by this Act, or against this Act, shall c-uf’e the Conviction to be certified to the next General or General Quarrer Session of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Cor.vittion w.is made, to be filed

with

Justice of Price,

on Complaint tar bun maor upon Oath of any O.'-fence apa.nft this Act, may issue hi* Warrant for apprehending die Offender,

[Preamble,

Per font t punched by the Order of any two Justices, &c. may appeal to the Quarter Sessions;

giving Notice to such fullices of their intention to appeal, and entering into Recogouance* &c.

Hoar the Delink quest shall be punifred, in case* 1 he Srflion* cona* firm his Conviction.

Tart of an A/V of 2} C»co. II. repealed.

How Justices to

proceed for Cof»-

tHiou Offender aftainst th- fa 1 Ail of 22 Cr > U. or tbi» At.

*5

F#rm of Con-Tidi on.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form, nor removed by Ccitioraii.

This Act not to repeal any former Law except as is herein particularly expressed-f

nor to extend to

any Offence committed against the Ad *a Gro II. be-foiejulyi, 1777.

Limitation of Ad iocs.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

C. 57. Anno decimo septimo Geo^on III. A.D. 1777.

with the Records of such Sessions 5 and such Conviction shall and may be drawn up and written on Parchment, and certified in the following Form of Words, as far as the Name of the Person and the Nature of the Case will admit of; (that is to lay)

AfiAJi'fi* (or C c PE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of

ny other I'hce, J 4 pur Lord A- 5- was convicted before us

as the Case A.iil of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of

be) towt. ( 4 or^ for t^e R[^ing of the said County of <?r, for the City, Liberty,

Town, or Place, aforesaid, in the said County (as the Case shall be) of

[Here Specify the Offence, and when and where the same was committedJ.

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first above written/

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against the said Act of the twenty-second of George the Second, or this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, into his Majesty's Court of Ring's Bench; and the Justices before whom such Convictions shall be had, shall cause the same, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place* wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or General Quarter Sessions; and in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justices to the said General or General Quarter Sessions, the Justices on such General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the Form aforesaid* to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Direction of the said Act, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstandingi

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal any former Law or Laws now in being, for the Punishment of any of the Offences herein above specified, except so far as is particularly expressed by this Act; and no Offender who shall have been proceeded against, upon or by virtue of this Act, for any of the Offences herein specified, shall for the same Offence be afterwards proceeded against upon or by virtue of any such former Law or Laws.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to, or affect, any Person or Persons for anyrOffence committed or to be committed against the said recited Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, before the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; but all and every such Offender and Offenders shall and may be prosecuted and punished in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be severally brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where the Fad was committed* and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought in any other County or Place than where the Fad was committed, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 5 and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases at Law*

CAP. LVII.

An Act for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Recital of Asti King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of deftgmng, en-8 Geo. II. c /$ 4 gracing j and etching Historical and other Prints, by vejling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the seventh and 7 Geo. Its. 4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty if or amending and rendering more effectual the aforesaid Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it was (among other Things) enacted, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all and every Person or Persons who should engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or cause to be engraved, etched, or worked, any Print taken from any Picture, Drawing, Model, or Sculpture, either ancient or mo dern, should have, and were thereby declared to have, the Benefit and Protection of the said former Act, and that Act, for the Term therein-after mentioned, in like Manner as if such. Print had been graved or drawn from the Original Design of such Graver, Etcher, or Draughtsman: And whereas the said Acts have not effectually answered the Purposes for which they were intended, and, it is necessary, for the 4 PLncouragement of Artists, and for securing to them the Property of and in their Works, and for the Advancement and Improvement of the aforesaid Arts, that such further Provisions should be made as

arc

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 58, 59. 151

‘ are herein after mentioned and contained may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy- Af*er June 24, seven, if any Engraver, Etcher, Printseller, or other Person, shall, within the Time limited by the afore- r777*' f*nr said Acts, or either of them, engrave, etch, or work, or cause or procure to be engraved, etched, or ‘"bin the Time worked, in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or otherwise, or in any other Manner copy in the Whole, or limited by the in Part, by varying, adding to, or diminishing from, the main Design, or shall-print, reprint, or import aforesaid Act«, for Sale, or cause or procure to be printed, reprinted, or imported for Sale, or shall publish, fell, or *n§r*« or etch, otherwise dispose of, or cause or procure to be published, fold, or otherwise disposed of, any Copy or Copies of any Historical Print or Prints, or any Print or Prints of any Portrait, Conversation, Landscape, consent oMhe or Architecture, Map, Chart, or Plan, or any other Print of Prints whatsoever, which hath or have been, Proprietor, he or shall be, engraved, etched, drawn, or designed, in any Part of Great Britain, without the express fc»n be liable t« Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, first bad and obtained in Writing, signed by him, her, »"d

or them respectively, with his, her, or their own Hand or Hands, in the Presence of, and atteiled by, E>tub e Custl*, two or more credible Witnesses, then every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, by and in a special Action upon^he Case, to be brought against the Person or Persons so offending, recover such Damages as a Jury on the Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Inquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with Double Costs of Suit.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for enlarging the public Gaol of the County of Warwith, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

€C Preamble; reciting an Agreement between Arthur Gregory and Samuel Aylworth, Esquires, two Justices for the County of Warwick, and Hannah Battejfon, for the Purchase of a Tenement, tffc. The said Tenement, Isfc. is vested in the said Arthur Gregory and Samuel Aylworth, in Trust, for the Purpose of enlarging the public Gaol, &c. Quarter Sessions may cause Part of the House of Correction to be Uki into the public Gaol, &c. Such Part of the said Messuage, isle. as shall be laid to the Gaol or House of Correction, shall be deemed Part of them respectively. A proper Place for dep uting the Rolls and " public Records of the County, to be provided. All Expences attending this Act to be paid out of the 5* public Stock of the County. Public Act.*

CAP. LIX.

An Act to repeal an A made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Tears, in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future \ and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act impowering the Master of the Rolls, for the Time being, to make Art nCir.IL

Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls 5 after thereby impowering the rcCAte4*

Master of the Rolls for the Time being, and his Successors Masters of the Rolls, to grant Building- Jeafes for one-and-forty Years, or for any lefTer Term, of the said Rolls Houses and Premises, or any Part thereof (the Chapel of the Rolls, with a convenient Mansion-house, Court-yard, Garden, Stable,

Coach-house, and other Out-houses and Buildings, fit for the Use and Habitation of the Master of the Rolls, only excepted), it is provided, That the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or any succeeding Mailer of the Rolls, after the Premises should have been once letten according to the rower given as aforesaid, should not make or grant any new or concurrent Leases until within seven Years of the Expiration of the Lease then in being, nor for any lesser Rent than was reserved upon the former Lease, nor for any longer Term than for the Term of twenty-one Years from the making such new Lease: And whereas, since the new-building of the said Houses and Premises, under Leases granted by the Masters of the Rolls for the Time being, by virtue of and under the Power given them by the said Act for that Purpose, the said Houses and Premises (except the said Chapel of the Rolls, and other the said excepted Premises) have, from Time to Time, been letten and demised by the Masters of the Rolls for the Time being, by Leases by them respectively granted thereof for the Term of twenty-one Years,.

at and under larger yearly Rents than were reserved by the said former Leases; all which said yearly

Rents have been and are reserved and made payable to the Master of the Rolls granting such Leases, and

his Successors; and such yearly Rents have for many Years last pad amounted, and do now amount,

only to the yearly Sum of one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, but the improved Rents of the said Houses- do now amount to the yearly Sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven Pounds; the bene- ficial Right and Interest in and to which said improved Rents belong to the Master of the Rolls granting such original Leases, his Executors, Administrators. and Afijgns, as his private Property, subject to,

and after a Deduction only of the said small yearly Rents: And whereas, by moans and in consequence of the Exercise of such the Right of granting and renewing the Leases of the said Houses and Premise*

Sir Thomas Sewrll, M;iftrr of the Rol.*, it ir»titifd ro certain bmeficial Rights in several Lea let granted by him, &c«

and the Earl of Macclesfield to the improved Rents of certain Houses*

The raid Earl of Macclesfield and Sir Thomaa Sewell are willing to accept an Eq divalent for their ref>ective beneficial Rights, &c.

C. 59.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

at such small Rents w aforesaid by the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being, the succeeding Matter or Matters of the Rolls is or are deprived of the Benefit of the improved Rents of the Premises, which, after the Death of the Matter of the Rolls by whom such Leases were granted, accrue and belong to his Family, and the Income intended for the Support of the Office of the Mailer of the Rolls is rendered in a great Measure precarious and uncertain: And whereas Sir Thomas Sewell^ the present Matter of the Rolls, is now possessed or intitlcrd to himself, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of or to the beneficial Right and Interest of and in several Leases by him made and granted of the said Houses and Premises, by virtue of and according to the Power vested in him by the said Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, and the improved Rents thereof for the Term of twenty-one Years from the making of such Leases, on the sixth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fevemy seven; and aHo of and in such other Leases of the said Houses and Premises, or any Part thereof, as he may ac any Tune or Times hereafter, so long as he shall continue Mailer of the Rolls, make or grant thereof, according to the said Power, subject to the Right and Interest of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Macclesfield therein, who, as Residuary Legatee of Sir Thomas Clarke deceased, late Mailer of the Rolls, is intfiled, under Leases granted of the said Houses and Premises respectively by the said late Mailer of the Rolls, to the improved Rents of some of the said Houses and Premises, amounting together to the yearly Sum of one thousand four hundred and fifty-six Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, down to the filth Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, subject to and after a Deduction and Payment of the small Rents reserved on the Leases of those Houses respectively, amounting together to the yearly Sum of ninety Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of one hundred and thirty-nve rounds 5 4 and is also intitled to the improved Rents of some other of the said Houses and Premises, amounting to- gether to the yearly Sum of four hundred and seventy-six Pounds, other Part of the said yearly Sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, down to the twentieth Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, subject to and after a De- dudion and Payment of the small Rents reserved on the Leases of those Houses respectively, amounting together to the yearly Sum of forty-two Pounds, other Part of the said yearly Sum of one hundred and thirty-five Pounds; but as to one other of the said Houses, the small Rent whereof is the yearly Sum of three Pounds, Residue of the said yearly Sum of one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, and the improved Rent whereof is the yearly Sum of forty-five Pounds, Residue of the said yearly Sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, subject to a Deduction and Payment of the said small yearly Rent of three Pounds, the said Earl of Macclesfield has already parted with, and fold his Right and Interest therein, in order that that House might be (as it has ever lince been, and now is) maoe use of by the Clerk of the Rolls Chapel, during the Time the said Earl of Macclesfield's Right and Interest therein would have continued; (rhat is to say) down to the said fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for the Purpose of copying therein the Records deposited in the said Rolls Chapel: And whereas it is inconvenient, and highly improper, that the Mailer of the Rolls for the Time being should not, at the Time he holds and exercises the said Office, receive and enjoy so considerable a Part of the Income of the said Office, towards the Support of the Rank and Dignity thereof; and it has therefore been proposed to give to the said Earl of Macclesfield, and to the said Sir Tl>omas Sewell respectively, an Equivalent for such their several and respective beneficial Rights and Interests as aforesaid, undrr the said several Leases granted by the said Mailer of the Rolls now subsisting, and that the said Matter of the Rolls shall relinquish and give up all Right and Power of granting any more such Leases for the future, by virtue of and under the said Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, in order that the Leases of the said Houses and Premises, and the Right and Power of granting the same for the future, may be properly regulated, so that the improved Rents of the said Houses and Premises may for the future, as they shall become due, be received and enjoyed by the present and successive Matters of the Rolls for the Time being, subject nevertheless to the Provisions hereby made thereout, for the Repairs, Maintenance; and Support of the (aijd Houses and Premises (except as aforesaid), and for other the Purposes herein after mentioned; and the said Earl of Macclesfield and the said Sir Thomas Sewell, respectively, are ready and willing to accept of an Equivalent for such their several and respect tive beneficial Rights and Irtterefts as aforesaid; and the said Sir Thomas Sevjell also to relinquish and give up all Right and Power of granting any Leases of the said Houses and Premises for the future, under and according to the said Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second: And whereas such the beneficial Right and Interest of the said Earl of Macclesfield, in the said Houses and Premises, appears, on and according to a fair and just Estimate and Valuation thereof, to be of the Value of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, from the fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and such the beneficial Right and Interest of the said Sir Thomas Sewell, in the said Houses and Premises as aforesaid, under the said several Leases granted by him and now subsisting, and his present Right and Power of granting such Leases down to and until the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, exclusive of any Right and Power of granting any future Leases, under and according to the said Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, subsequent to, or to take Effect from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, which Right and Power of granting such future Leases he relin- quilhes and gives up, appears, on a fair and just Estimate and Valuation thereof, to be of the Value of twelve thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds three Shillings and one Penny; the said two Sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, amounting together to the Sum of twenty-one thousand and twenty-nine Pounds ten Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny: And whereas, by four several Acts of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late

*53

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59.

A1* 14 Geo. m, recited.

Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth, fifth, and ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, several Sums of Money, Part of the Money belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, lying dead and unemployed in the Bank of Englandhave been placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and specific Parts of the Interest arising therefrom have been appropriated for augmenting the Income of Officers belonging to the said Court: And whereas, by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant-general of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices-, it was enacted (among other Things), That out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus- money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and out of the Interest produced and to be produced from such Securities; and also out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus-money,

placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and out of the Interest produced and to be produced from such Securities; and out of the Surplus-interest which should arise or be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and out of the Interest which should arise or be produced from Securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, should, in his and their Discretion, deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court; and be applied, under the Direction of the said Court, in the first place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining of that AS; and then in rebuilding the said Office called The Six Clerks Office, wich the Of- fices belonging thereto, and in purchasing Ground and Houses for that Purpose, if any should be deemed necessary by the said Court; and in providing a proper Place for transacting the Business of the said Six Clerks Office, during the Time such Office should be rebuilding; and the Sum of ten thousand Pounds,

in erecting proper and convenient Offices for the said Register and Accountant-general of the said Court,

separate and detached from each other, and in purchasing such Ground and Houses as should be necessary for those Purposes; and for preserving the ancient Books of Entries of Decrees and Orders of the said Court: And by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln’s Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant- general of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors, for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant general, and for the Register of the said Court; it was enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining that AS should be paid and defrayed out of the same Funds, and in like Manner as the Charges and Expences amending the passing and obtaining the said Act of the four- teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are thereby directed: And whereas, by one other Act, passed in the said fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the Kings Court of Chancery, by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for ereSing Offices for the Register and Accountant-general of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln’s Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery-lane; and for other Purposes; it is enacted, That, out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus-money mentioned in the said recited Act, and out of the Interest produced and to be produced from such Securities, and out of Surplus-interest produced and to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the several Acts in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty mentioned, and out of the Interest produced or to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act, such Sum and Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, should in his and their Discretion deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, and be applied, under the Direction of the said Court, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining of that Act, and in purchasing the said Ground belonging to the Society of Lincoln's Inn therein mentioned and described, and in building thereon an Office for the said Six Clerks, and the Offices thereto belonging,

as well as in carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, except so much thereof as relates to the rebuilding of the said Six Clerks Office in the Place where the same now stands, and except so far as the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty is thereby altered and varied: And whereas the Ground for building the Offices for the Six Clerks,

and for the said Register, and for the Accountant-general of the said Court of Chancery, has been purchased, and the said Offices for the Register and the Accountant-general have been erected, and so far completed and finished, that the Business of those Offices now is and has for some Time been carried on and transacted therein, and great Progress has been also made in ereSing and building the said Office for the Six Clerks, and the Offices thereto belonging, and the lame will also in a very short Time be completed; and all the several Purposes of the said three Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty have been in a great Measure answered and satished by and out of the Funds provided for the same by those Acts, and will in a very short Time be fully nnfwered and satisfied thereout, except that the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, has been found not to be fuMy sufficient to answer and satisfy the Purposes intended thereby: And whereas the Surplus-interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act

Act 15 Geo. III. recited.

Another Act 15 Geo. III. recited.

J54

Out of the Cash lying dead in the Bank, belonging to the Suitors in the Court of Chancery, there stall be paid, by Order of the said Court, the Expences of obtaining this Act; also 8,4491.

9 d. Halfpenny to the Earl of Macclesfield,

and x«,s8ol.

3*a. 1 d. to Sir Thomas Sewel)9 in full Satisfaction of their respective Interests in the Rolls Houses, Sec, tinder the said Act jz Car. II*

Upon Payment of the Sunns above mentioned, the iz Car. II. to be repealed; and all Leases granted by virtue thereof to be void.

The said Sum® to be paid to the V.tr) of Maccieffi *ld and Sir Thomas Sewell, &c. are to be advanced as a Morf^ae;e on the Rolls liou.cs.

After the Pur-pTes of the Acts 14 and r 5 Geo. III. shall be fa-

-fi:d, certain

C. 59. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Surplus-interest arising from

Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, and the interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty,

amount together to the Sum of two thousand five hundred eighty-two Pounds, eighteen Shillings a Year,

and is unappropriated, except only as to what still remains to be raised and paid thereout to answer and satisfy the Purposes of the said three several Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty 5 and it is computed, that in case the said two Sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, amounting together to the Sum of twenty-one thousand and twenty- nine Pounds ten Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny, and the Money to be applied in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of and attending the passing and obtaining of this Act, be bor- rowed on a Mortgage of the said Rolls Houses, such Mortgage may be discharged, by and out of the said Funds of interest and Surplus-interest, in the Space of ten Years, or thereabouts, besides what may appear to be now still further wanting to be paid thereout, for fully answering the several Purposes of the said Act of the fourteenth, and two several Acts of the fifteenth Years of his present Majesty:

And whereas a very considerable Sum of Money, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, is now, and has been for many Years, lying dead and unemployed in the Bank of England \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed*in the Bank of England, there shall be paid, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, such Sum of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, shall, in his or their Discretion, deem necessary, and be applied, under the Direction of the said Court, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of and attending the passing and obtaining of this Act; and that out of the said Cash, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, there shall be paid, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, to the Right Honourable the said Earl of Macclesfield^ his Executors or Administrators, the Sum of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, as an Equivalent, and in full Satisfaction of and for all his Right, Title, and interest, in and to the said Rolls Houses and rremifes, and the Rents and Profits thereof, from and subsequent to the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and to the said Sir Thomas Sewell, his Executors or Administrators, the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred eighty Pounds three Shillings and one Pfenny, as an Equivalent, and in Satisfaction of and for all his Right, Title, and interest, in and to the fa# Rolls Houses and Premises (except as aforesaid), and the Rents and Profits thereof, under or by virtue of any Lease or Leases by him granted or made of the said Houses and Premises, or any of them, pursuant and according to the said Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, except such Provision as is hereby made for him and the succeeding Masters of the Rolls, out of the improved Rents and Profits of the said Houses and Premises which shall accrue and become due from and subsequent to the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven (except as to what may be due to him or them from the said Earl of Macclesfield, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or the Lessees in such Leases, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for or any ways on account or in respect of the said small yearly Rents, amounting together to the said yearly Sum of one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, upon* or previous to, the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven); and upon Payment of the said several Sums of eight thousand four hundred and forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty Pound! three Shillings and one Penny, to the said Earl of Macclesfield, and the said Sir Thomas Sewell respectively, all such their, and each of their Right, Title, and interest, of and in the said Houses and Premises, and the Rents and Profits thereof as aforesaid (except as in and by this present Act is mentioned and provided) shall cease and determine; and all Leases granted by the said Sir Thomas Seivell, as Master of the Rolls, under or by virtue of the said Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, and now subsisting, shall from thenceforth be void and of no Effect, and the said Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second be repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Act of the twelfth of King Charles the Second shall be and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Sum of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, so directed to be paid to the said Earl of Adacclefield and the said Sir Thomas SeiLvlly as aforesaid, respectively, amounting together to the said Sum of twenty-one thousand and twenty-nine Pounds ten Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny, and also such Sum or Sums as shall be paid out of the said dead Cash in the Dank, for and to be applied in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of and attending the passing and obtaining this Act as aforesaid, are to be considered as advanced and paid, and shall be so advanced and paid on the Security of, and be a Charge on, the said Rolls Houses and Premises (except as aforesaid) by way of Mortgage, for the Repayment thereof; and the said Houses and Premises shall stand and be a Security for the Repayment thereof accordingly, until the same shall be raised and satisfied in Manner herein-afeer mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time when the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall deem the Purposes of the said Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty to have been fully satisfied, the Surplus-interest arising, and which shall arise, from

Monies

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 155

Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the *PP1,c<i Second, and the Surplus-interest arising, and which shall arise, from Monies placed out in pursuance of £^SumY8" the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, and the Interest arising and which shall arise from Ibovc ment^on-Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, shall and may, ed,.

by an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, be appropriated and applied in and to the raising and discharging of the said Sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine Pounds seven Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, and of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid and applied in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of and attending the passing and obtaining of this Act, as aforesaid, until the same shall be fully raised, made up, and completed; and which, when so raised, made up, and completed, shall be considered to be, and shall be in full Redemption of the said Rolls Houses and Premises.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if at any Time hereafter the Whole, How the Court or any Part of the said several Sums so to be paid as aforesaid, out of the said dead Cash, shall be wanted ot Chancery to to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery before the same shall have been c*et

raised, made up, and completed, by and out of the said Funds of Interest and Surplus-interest so appro- paid out of priated, or to be appropriated, for that Purpose, as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, the said Court of the r»id dead Chancery may and shall, in a summary Way, direct the same, orany Part thereof, to be raised out of the Cash should be said Rolls Houses and Premises, or any Part thereof (except as aforesaid), in such Manner as the Court wanted for the shall think proper, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may, at all Times, be paid their respective lhlt

Demands, out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors. ourt*

VI. And whereas it is proper that some reasonable rart of the Rents and Profits of the said Rolls The Lord Chan- Houses, as the same shall from Time to Time accrue and become due and payable, should be appropri- cell or to appoint ated for or towards keeping in Repair, and properly supporting and rebuilding the said Houses and Pre- ahR?civer^h c mises, or any of them, except and exclusive of the said Chapel of the Rolls, and other the said excepted R0U1 Houfo

Premises, as there may be Occasion, and that a Receiver of the said Rents and Profits should be appointed

for that Purpose ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, shall from Time to Time approve of and appoint, shall be Receiver of the Rents and Profits of the said Houses and Premises (exclusive of and except as aforesaid), with such Salary to be paid to, or retained with * by him out of the said Rents and Profits, as the said Lord Chancellor of Great Britain* Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall direct, not exceeding the yearly Sum of fifty Pounds; such Receiver first giving Security by Recognizance with two Sureties, or otherwise, as the said Court shall direct; which Receiver shall, out of the said Rents and Profits, pay the Land Tax, and also pay to the How the Rents Master of the Rolls for the Time being the clear yearly Sum of one thousand two hundred and fifty A*!1 W disposed Pounds, by two equal half-yearly Payments, on the fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of July, in of each Year; the first half-yearly Payment to become due and payable on the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight 5 and with such Apportionment on the Death of any Matter of the Rolls, as in case of Apportionment of Rent on the Death of Tenants for Life; and which Apportionment shall take Place, as well in case of Leases to be granted in pursuance of the Power hereby given of granting Leases not exceeding twenty-one Years to bind the Successor, as of other Leases granted or to be granted by any Matter of the*Rolls so dying, and which shall determine by his Death; and the Surplus of Sutplut to be \ the said Rents and Profits, beyond and after Payment of the said Receiver’s Salary, and the Land Tax, BVnkiYie and such Payment to the Master of the Rolls as aforesaid, shall, by virtue and in pursuance of any Order or Nime of the Orders of the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners for Accountant-the Custody of the Great Seal, as aforesaid, for the Time being, be paid into the Bank of England, in the general, &c. Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-general of the High Court of Chancery, tooc placed to an Account to be intituled. The Account of the Rolls Estate, in order to be paid and applied, in Manner *?pl»d t#" herein after mentioned, in oj towards the Repairs and the Support of the said Houses and Premises (exclu- Sroof the Sa five of and except as aforesaid) and the rebuilding of the same, as there may at any Time or Times here- Houses &c. after be Occasion, and insuring the said Houses and Premises from Fire, except such Part or Parts of the said Rents and Profits as, by any such Order or Orders of the said Court, shall be directed to be paid and

applied by the Receiver, for thnfe Purposes, or any of them, without paying the same into the Bank 5 and Receiver to ic. the said Receiver shall, at the End of each and every Year (or oftener if required and ordered by the said count» BF°° Court), deliver in, upon Oath, his Accounts of his Receivership to the said Accountant-general, and pay his Balances into the Bank from Time to Time, in the Name of the said Accountant-general, to be placed "

to the same Account.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of such the Surplus Rents Out of the Sor-and Profits of the said Houses and Premises, hereby appropriated for the Purpose of repairing, Supporting, plus Renu of and rebuilding, and insuring the said Houses and Premises (exclusive of and except as aforesaid), or out of the said Houses, what the same, or any Part thereof, shall be invested in, such Sum and Sums of Money, as the Lord High ^’anccik£m*y Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great ordwYn/s^ms Seal of Great Britain, shall, from Time to Time, direct or appoint, shall be paid and applied in or towards to be applied to the repairing and supporting of the said Rolls Houses and Premises, or in rebuilding the same, or any of wards repairing them, and in.insuring the said Houses and Premises from Fire, in such Manner as by any Order or Orders same> *nd of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, to be made for those Purposes respect em

tively, shall be directed; and that the said Fund, or any Part thereof, shall or may, from Time to Time, 1 by virtue and in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords investedin Commissioners for that Purpose, be placed out and invested in Government Securities, in the Name of Government the said Accountant-general, and placed to the said Account of the Rolls Estate, and the Interest or Divi- Securities, in

X a dends the Name of the

i56

Accountant-general, and placed to the Account of the Rolls £lUte, dec.

Out of the Interest arising under the said Act 14 Geo. III. the Court of Chancery may order '451. per Ann. to be paid, for fia Years, to the Receiver of the said Rents, in Lieu of the improved Rent of the House before-mentioned.

This Act not to vacate Leases

granted by the Bari of Macclesfield at the most improved Rente:

But the said Rente, from j.0.6, 1777, are to be paid to the Receiver before mentioned.

The Master of the Rolls for the Time being may, after the Determination of certain Le^fes and Terms herein rneotiof cd, grant Leaies of the Rolls Hous'-s for at Years, for the mod improved Rents that can be hid, without taking any t ioe, &c.

Lessees to keep the Premisea inten an tabic Re-

P-r,

C. 59. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

dends thereof be laid out and inverted in other such like Securities, in the Name of the said Accountant-general, and placed to the same Account; and so from Time to Time as often as the Interest or Dividends of the said original Securities, and such new purchased Securities, shall amount to a competent Sum, in order to accumulate and increase the said Fund for the Purpose of repairing, supporting, and rebuilding, and insuring from Fire, the said Houses and Premises, and to be sold, applied, and disposed of for those Purposes, or any of them, by Order of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners as aforesaid, from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion.

VIII. And whereas, by reason and in consequence of the said Earl of Macclesfield* having fold and disposed of such his beneficial Right and Interest in the said House of the improved yearly Rent of forty five Pounds, in which (in case he had not so fold the same) he would now have had a Term of six Years to come, from the making of the Lease thereof on the said sixth Day of January% one thousand seven ‘ hundred and seventy-seven, there will not be any Rent payable for the said House for the said six Years to c the Master or Masters of the Rolls for the Time being, and in the Estimate and Valuation of the said Earl of Macclesfields Interest in the said Houses and Premises a Deduction is made on Account thereof / it is therefore provided and hereby enacted, That out of the Interest arising, and which shall arise, from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, there shall and may, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, although all the Purposes of the said Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty may not have been, or have been deemed by him or them to have been fully satisfied as aforesaid, be paid the yearly Sum of forty-five Pounds, by half-yearly Payments, to the Receiver, so to be appointed, of the Rents and Profits of the said Rolls Houses and Premises, for the Time being, for the Term of six Years, to be computed from the making of the said last mentioned Lease of the sixth Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, in lieu of, and as a Recompence and Satisfaction for the said yearly Rent of forty-five Pounds for the said Term of six Years; and which said yearly Sum of forty-five Pounds shall be deemed and had and taken as Part of the yearly Rems and Profits of the said Houses and Premises of which such Receiver shall be appointed, and be applied and disposed of as Part of the said yearly Rents and Profits accordingly, in Manner and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned concerning the said Rents and Profits.

‘IX. And whereas divers Leases have been granted by, or on Behalf of, the said Earl of Macclesfield, of ‘ several of the said Homes and Premises, to several Persons for Terms of Years not exceeding the Time ‘ which the said Earl of Macclesfield then had to come in the said Houses and Premises respectively, at the best and most improved Rents that could be had and gotten for the lame, and which Leases are now fub-‘ lifting \ be it therefore further enacted and declared, That the Rights of the several Persons claiming under such said last mentioned Leases respectively, or any of them, shall not, by or in consequence of any Thing in this Act contained, be any ways defeated, impeached, orleflened; and that such several Persons, so claiming under the same, shall still be imitled to, and have and enjoy the full Fruit and Benefit of such said several Leases respectively, upon and according to the Terms thereof; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: But the Rents reserved and made payable in and by such said several Leases respectively, although expressed therein to be reserved and made payable to or for the Benefit of the said Earl of Macclesfield, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or in what Manner soever the same may therein be reserved or made payable, which have accrued or become due and payable from and since the sixth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and which from henceforth shall accrue or become due and payable, shall be paid to the Receiver so to be appointed of the Rents and Profits of the said Houses and Premises, and be applied and disposed of as Part of the said Rents and Profits accordingly, in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Earl of Macclesfield, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have and be intitled to such of the said Rents as accrue d and became due on or before the said sixth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and are still remaining due and unpaid under and by virtue of the said lait mentioned Leases of the said Houses and Premises, or any of them.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That from and after the Expiration, or other sooner Determination, by Surrender or otherwise, of the said several last mentioned Leases, so granted by or on Behalf of the said Earl of Macclesfield as aforesaid, and now subsisting, respectively as to the Houses and Premises therein comprized; and as to the Rest of the said Houses, except the said House herein-before mentioned to be of the yearly Rent of forty-five Pounds, from and immediately after the passing of this present Act; and as to the said last mentioned so excepted House, from and after the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; it shall be lawful for the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being, to make and execute any Lease or Leases of all or any of the said Houses and Premises belonging to the Rolls (the Chapel of the Rolls, and the Mansion-house. Court-yard, Garden, Stables, Coach-houses, and other Out-houses and Buildings now used for the Habitation and Accommodation of the Matter of the Rolls, only excepted) for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding twenty-one Yc^rs, in Possession, from the making thereof, or from the Quarter-day next preceding the Date and making thereof; that is to say, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, or the tenth Day of October, whichever of the said Days shall happen to be the Quarter-day next preceding the Date and making of such Lease or Leases respectively, at and for the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had and gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Foregift, or Gratuity for the maki g of any such Lease or Leases; such Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved and made payable to the Milter of the Rolls making such Leases respectively, and his Sued (Tors, during the Term or Terms, not exceeding the said Term of twenty-one Years, for which such Leases respectively shall be granted; and the Lessees *in such Leases respectively executing Counterparts thereof, and thereby covenanting to pay such Rents accordingly $ and thereby also covenanting to keep the Pjremiies thereby demised

in

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 60 - 62. 157

in good and tenantable Repair during the Term, and to leave the same in such good and tenantable Repair No foture Lease at the End, or other sooner Determination of the Term. *ra, lted

XL. And it is hereby declared, That no Lease or Leases of the said Houses and Premises, or any of R0V,r contrary them, hereafter to be made or executed by any Master of the Rolls, otherwise than according to the Power rothiiAtf, dull hereby given to the Mailer of the Rolls for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be binding on his Succef- be binding on fors, or any of them. # h?.s Succ* flora.

XII. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That the Rents and Profits of the said Houses and Premises, Tbc Rents «»nder to be reserved and made payable by and upon any such Lease or Leases thereof hereafter to be made or

granted by any Master or Masters of the Rolls, shall be paid to such Receiver as aforesaid, and be applied acceiter €

and disposed of accordingly, in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid* a v

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That ail Applications to the said Court of Chancery for or C0£ccrC|ringntbi«

touching any of the Matters of this Act, and all Orders and Proceedings relating thereto, shall and may Alt may bemads be had and made in a summary Way, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid or given for the same; to the Court of and without Stamps dn any of the said Orders or Proceedings, or to be had, used, or employed in or about Chancery, gratit, the same, or any of them. Proceeding! to

be without

Stamps*

CAP. LX.

An Act for inclosing and embellishing the Middle Part of Hoxton-fauarey in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoresditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square.

CAP. LXL

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, to opetr a Street from the South End of Long-ditch to the North End of Smith-street, and to widen Part of Tothill street, and of Long ditch aforesaid; and to widen the Passage between Orchard street, and the new1 intended Street, and also to widen Wood-street, and to make a more commodious Entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into Dean's-yard> within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gojbertony Quadring y Donington, Bicker, Swineshead, fVigtofty Sutterton, Algar-kirky Fofdikey Kirton, Frampton, IVibertony and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kir ton* in the Parts of Hollandy in the County of Lincoln.

WHEREAS in the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gojbertony Quadring, Donington, Bickery Swine- Preamble/ Jbeady Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Fofdikey Kirton, Frampton, IVibertony and Brothertoft, within f the hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Hollandy in the County of Lincoln, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Business, Trade, and Commerce, as well in the inland Parts thereof as upon the Rivers Glenny Hammond-beck, and the North and South Forty footy which run through several principal Parts of the same to the Sea, which employ many thousand People, many of whom contract small Debts, amounting in the Whole to a large Sum of Money yearly; and although well able to pay the same, they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under from thr great Expences they are unavoidably put to in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is up*

wards of twenty-seven Miles distant from any Part of the said hundred of Kirton: And whereas an eaiy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the Parishes aforesaid, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit therein;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Oliver Shepherd, William Golding, John Weeks, William Ward, James Shilcocky Commi/Sonif* Christopher Johnson, John Ward, Henry Thorold, John Harvey, William Hunt, Matthew Flinders, Richard Name*. Bowles, John Lee, John Ashworth, Thomas Snell, John Hllkinson, Joseph Lowe, John Birksy David Pike»

Thomas Pi key William Spendley, Thomas Jarvis, David Trimnell, Bracebridge Green, James Godley, William GeCy Joseph Mafony William Hanley, John Hanley, Richard Clay, Cowper Love, John Harms, James Bar-tony IliUiam Lockton, Henry Fountain, Thomas Ackland, John Finch, Richard Harvey? Benjamin Kiptisv John Brother tony Thomas Staveley, Thomas Parry Richard Parry Francis Torke, Benjamin Weather illy William Higdon, John Yerburgh, Richard Terburgh, John Tunnardy John Tunnard the younger, Joseph Black* ithy Samuel Hare, Joseph Netvman, the Reverend John Shaw Doctor of Laws, Michael Robinson^ Richard

tdelly Thomas Fyaell, William Garflt the younger, Robert Barlow, Thomas Brotherton, Samuel Barnard, lithohmcw Claypony French Flowers, John Betts, Abraham Sheathy Abraham Sheath the younger, Weft JVhcldaie the younger, John Cheney, Thomas Waite, Benjamin Parkin, Robert Wilby the younger, fj.ohn Hill9 Samuel Thompson, William For many John Brackenbury, John Francis, Thomas Wilson, John Ireland, James Ellisy IViU am Wfoks, Lhomas Claytony the Reverend Charles / er'ulgt Doctor of Laws, Thomas Wright, William Wright, John Skerrity William Stukeley, Thomas Mar[h, John Overton, John George Calthrop, William Dods

Edward Noble Bell, Francis East land, John Wright, Robert Allen, Luke Bat ham, George Swallow, Thomas*

May dens, William Thimbieby, John Robinson, Robert Robinson, William Slater, Francis Ashworth, Francis Majesty Jfthn Bartol, Henry Burgess, Jan.es Herdy William Crain, Robert Peachy John Walton, Samuel Eljdale, George Emitty and James Gibbins, shall be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein after

mentioned

*58

0

Co mnr>i (Tinner* c-’itlh*u(c 1 a t Court of Justice.

Theii S ylc.

Meeting! ap-pomicd.

For want of a

fufikicnt Number to £!, Clerk to adjourn the Court.

Commissioner*

Powers.

When Commissioneradie, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen.

First Clerk* and Serjeant*.

Visuallers, dec. not to bold any Place of Profit.

Clerks and Serjeants how to be elected.

t)oty of the Clcikij

fnd Serjeants.

C. 62. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

mentioned; and such Commissioners, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of The Court of Requests for the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutter ton Algarkirk, Fosdike, Kirton. Frampton, Wiherton, and Brother toft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court in the Towns of Donington, Kirton, and Gofierton, alternately and by Turns, once in every Fortnight (to wit) on every Friday Fortnight, or oftener if there shall be Occasion, in a Court-house, or some convenient Place, to be provided by the major Part of the Commissioners, who shall be assembled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose; which General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be for the first Fortnight at Donington aforesaid, on the Friday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act; and for the second Fortnight at Kirton aforesaid, on the Friday four Weeks next after the palTing of this Act; and for the third Fortnight at Gosberton aforesaid, on the Friday six Weeks next after the passing of this Act; and for the fourth Fortnight at Donington again, on the same Day of the Week; and io on in Succession and Rotation.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Day, within a Fortnight from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or until the next General Court Day, to be held by Rotation as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, and their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three of more of them, from Time to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as hereafter is mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Colts, both against the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem joft and moll agreeable to Equity and good Confidence; and if the Commissioners, so assembled, shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, whose Name (lands first on the Lift of the Commissioners directed to be kept in the Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the casting Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, and as often as it shall be necessary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein-before particularly named, or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their refusing or neglecting, for the Space of twelve Months, to act herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any eleven or more of them, to meet and assemble together, at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to ad, and to elect and appoint one or more Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners

dying or refusing to ad; and every such Commissioner so elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby enabled to ad in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Atkinson and Jonathan Gleed, Gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Reauefts; and that Stiles Mapletoft, William Steevenfon, and James Robertson, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court of Requests; who shall continue Clerks and Serjeants of the said Courts so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

VI. Provided always, That no Commissioner, or any Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling-house, Ale-house, or other House of any public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other rlace of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Place of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Misbehaviour, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet at some convenient Place, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and a Majority of the said Commissioners so met, are hereby authorised and required to chuse and appoint another fit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks herein-before named and chosen, and their Successors, so from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall make and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Part of each of the said Court-houses, fair and complete Lifts in Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be elected and appointed as aforesaid; and shall also, and are hereby impowered and required to ifltie, or cause to be issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by them, and kept for that Purpose; and that the Serjeant and Serjeants herein-before named and chosen, or from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by them.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 62. 159

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it Persons m»y foe shall and may bejawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or for Debl1 uadc* hereafter shall or*may have any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, due or owing 40 i# to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the Parishes aforesaid, or trading and dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to either of the Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being; who shall immediately make an Entry How Officer* in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall there- »re to proceed, upon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the same; thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear, at a certain Time and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served, on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging,

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working of such Debtor or Debtors within the Parities aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any threeor more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such Interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein as to them shall seem moil just and equitable.

X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual Commissionero for the Purposes thereof,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the way require Time being, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners assembled in Court as the CouVt* aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as c u' they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so &s they shall be consistent with Equity, and do not tend to lefien, abridge, or alter the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the respective Clerks and Serjeants or Officers of the said Courts for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only: Ac- tn4 deterrriot cording to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any ?!l}iulta/or three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and Dc un cr4*8# to hear and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XT. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the Commissioner*

causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,* be it further enacted by the Authority way administtf aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of 041 them assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered, to administer, or cause to be administered, an, Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them assembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall OuNon.ty-have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause to be allowed by the said Court, f^danuhe refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and com may pro. may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made cecde*putt» upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons, in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on

sche Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Costs, as to them dull seem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Day of the Return of Or may unri.

the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall CofoonNoa. rot appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand to the Satisfaction of p|\ot 'I14 the said Couft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, #IDU

to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commit Commiflr,7,!'i sioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, k

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execu- BoJy or Good*

tion, either ag dnft the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, at the Jfegainftthe

Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Body, tneCleilt

Seal, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of either of the said Courts, who, determined by*Virtue of any such Precept idued avc

upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is

and are hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such \hc Party 1

Party or Parties, being within the Parishes aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, to some common

Ciaol or House of Correction within the said Cuncy of Lincoln, there to remain until he, she, or they shall

perform and obey fijeh Order, Decree, or Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Calendar Months: And such Serjeants, by Hagiinftthe

virtue of any such Precept i/Tued upon she Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall ^td^al^clc^cr"

thTsuftolc

i6o

by Distrest and Sale, ATc.

Court may order Debts to be paid t several Times, &c.

On Eieeutton, Clerk to indorse the Debt and Co As.

In what Cases Execution shall 1 c superseded*

Serjeant (offering an Escape, &c. by Neglect, to pay Debt and Cofli,

Commissioners to be sworn.

The Oath*

Memorial thereof to be re* giAcred.

The Fees*

C. 62. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

and may, and is and are hereby impowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the Parishes aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money and Cc fts, as shall be so ordered and decreed: And if the Party against whose Body or Goods (ueh Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be la.wful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Pr< of thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the respective Serjeants in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several Payments, then, upon the fitft Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them dial seem reasonable, to be recovered by the same Process, and in like Manner as is herein-before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstandingi

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon any Execution, awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who issues the same shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered and decreed to be paid: And if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the Book, or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs; and also the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison; then, and in such Case and cases, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Negltd, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its due Effect, It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to inforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as are herein provided for the Payment of other Debts.

X\

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect; (that is to say)

T jf. B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the yiore easy and speedy Recovery of /mall Debts, within the several Parishes tf/'Sur- fleet, Golberton, Quadring, Dcmington, Bicker, Swineuiead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Fosdike, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertofr, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland# 4 in the County of Lincoln, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party.

'So help me GO D/

Which Oath the Clerk or Clerks of the said Courts, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk or Clerks of the said Courts shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered, in the Register of the said Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other, shall he taken by the Clerks or Serjeants, or their Successors, for their several *nd respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

To the CLERKS.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence.

For issuing every Summons, Sixpence.

For every Subpcen 1, Sixpence.

For calling every Plain iff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence.

For ev*M> Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For fwca'ing every tn-fs, PI lintiff, or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

2 For

c.

C. 6?

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 62.

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Threepence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence; if by Instalments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Book, Sixpence.

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Infulf or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Ol der, or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Donington, Kirton, or Gosberton, and attending the Court, with the Return thereof. Sixpence; if out of either of the said Towns, Threepence rrmre for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, One Penny.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, One Shilling; if rut of either of the Towns of Donington, Kirton, or Gosberton, Threepence more for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinqu.nL to Prison, Sixpence for every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of each of the said Courts, in some conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said Commissioners shall meet, fothat all Persons concerned may fee and examine the same.

XX. Provided always, That no Costs to be given, awarded, or allowed by the said Commissioners, shall in any Case whatsoever exceed the Sum of ten Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of the said Court, for the Time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward, than what are herein before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Town or P?rish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXII. And be it further enacte 1 by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Clerks or Serjeants shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices; that then, upon Complaint

, and due Proof Thereof, made upon Oath in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are hereby <Ji-rested and required to cau'e th whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an AdverTnement to be inserted in some public Ntwfnapcr, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then present, not being left than Eleven in Number, (h ill and may examine and consider the M rits of such Compaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Pa t of them, that any of the Clerks or Serjeants have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty, as aforesaid, in his Office, it shall and may lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dilmifs or remove fu< h C!e»k or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint a fir and proper Person to execute the fain Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of him so difinified and removed as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commission^r of the said Court for the Timeb ing, shall he Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissi r.er in the herring and determining such C iu.'e, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein: But after being heard in the said Cause, (hi 11 withdraw from the said Court, until the same is finally determined: And if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interfiled in, any Ciufe d< pending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exfcrcife the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative to such Cause.

XXIV. And, for the better enrorcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be m rde by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may be invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to, or returning from, the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time shall affront, insult, or abuse, hinder or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, any of the Clerks or Seri- ants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then fitting, or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be h'dd in or near the Town where such Insult or Misdeme-.nor shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be iffied by the Clerk of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, directing such Serjeant to apprehend and tr-ke, or cause such Person or Persons so offending as afore-lai i to be apprehended and t.<ken, before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Pa.ts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and upon the Fast alledged being proved, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and direct' d to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shilhrgs, nor less than hve Shillings, which shall he immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner

161

Table thereof to be hung up in the Court-house.

Costs in no Case to exceed ten Shillings. Penalty on taking greater Feet.

Clerks and Serjeants may be

displaced for Neglect of Duly, &c.

No Commissioner, &c to act wncie interested.

Penalty on in

ful’in§ the Court.

l6 2

If the Fine 5*

not immediately pai *, it may be levied by Dilirefs, &c.

Copy of the last preceding Clause to be stuck up in the Court-house.

Gaolers, &c. to receive Persons committed.

Penalty on Refusal, or ot*r-mitting Escape.

No Action for Debt recoverable by tnii Atf, to be brought in »ny other Ccurt*

To what Debts this Act shall not extend.

Penalty on wilful perjury.

Penalty on not

obeying a Subpceaa.

This Act not to obstruct the Execution of an Act of 16 Gee, Ji.

C. 62. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be applied: And if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by DifEefs and Sale of the Offender’s Gx)ds, or to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to feme common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of Lincoln, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they, shall pay the said Fine-

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed or stuck up, in some public Parc of each of the said Court-houses, or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the Time being, of the respective common Gaols, or Houses of Correction, within the said County of Lincoln, shall and may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to stand committed, by any thr*-c or more of the said Commissioners present in Court; or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process, Bluing out of the said Court of Requests: And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols, or Houses of Corredfi- n respectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be so committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and fufter such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by five or more of the said Commissioners; cveiy Keener offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the said County, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or mo;e credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Di fere cion of such Justice or Justicev; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, by the Person or Persons so offending^ into the Hands of the Justice or Justices before whom he or they shall be convicted; or in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the H.ind and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or any other Courts whatsoever, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests 5 and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; but the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and ryrposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will or Testament, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming"or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bve-lavy; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afnrciuid, That in case any Person or Persons making Oath or giving Evidence, in any Ciufe or Mu'tcr whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and fufter the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within the Parishes aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued out of the said Court ot Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be H ewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear; and Oath shall he made before the said Commission is, by the Party at whose Instance and on whole Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for such Party; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, aft'embled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fine not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Otmano) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commflijmrs, or any three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Paity at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be consti ued to extend, to prejudice, obstruct, prevent, or defeat the Execution of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the n;:re easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Bolton and Skitbeck Quarter, and the Parishs

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 63 - 65. 163

of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln) 5 or in any Manner whatsoever to interfere with, lessen, or alter the Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the Borough of Boston, Skirbeck Quarter, and Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, by the said Act constituted, or to impower the Commissioners acting by virtue of this Act to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, lelTen, alter, or takeaway, any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities which by the said Act were vetted in all or any of the Commissioners acting under the said Act; but that the same shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made, apv Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done, or to be done, in Adllon* pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months

next after the cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County of Lincoln,

[General Issue.]

and nor elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General lssue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon: And if

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit; or if, upon a Verdict

or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants can Treble Cote,

or may have in other Caies where Costs are given by Law.

[Public Act.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- judged, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, repairings lightings and watching the StreetSs and ether public Passages and Placets within that Part of the Parish of Clerken well, called Saint James’s, and removing and

Annoyances thereinfor^widening the Passage from Clerken well-green to the Parish, and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish; for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleaning the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell-cloj'e to Rofoman’s Streett and from Rofomans Street to Saint John Street, and for building a Chapel in the said Parish.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-second Yeat of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byalfen, the Isle of Ely, and County Cam- ' bridge; and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of H untingdoh, so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal% fVitcbam, Chatteris, and a Place called Byalfen, in the Isle of Ely.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Aa tx Geo. II, Grounds in the several Pacifies of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Ptace called recited*

Byal-fcn, in the lde of Ely, and County ^Cambridge; and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held as by the said Act is directed, to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and Angular the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, bounded and described in the said Act (except such Part, and so much thereof, as is therein excepted), and all and every Commoner and Commoners having Right of Common on the commonable Parts thereof, by an equal and proportionable Tax, in any Rate or Sum not exceeding one Shilling and Sixpence per Acre for the first Year, to be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of Marchs one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; arvl for every Year after with any other yearly Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding one Shilling Acre, for carrying on and effecting the said Work of draining, and for maintaining the same: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Rccitai of the said Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and prferving certain Fen Lands and S mer«Vm. &e. 4 Low Grounds in the Purifies of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, and the Fa ifi of Colne, in the County 3* Geo.

of Huntingdon, certain other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the Parishes th rein mentioned,

were added to and directed to be drained with the Fen Lands and Low Grounds described in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second: And whereas by another Act, made ,nj RWej, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for draining and preserving &c Act of certain Fen Lands% Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Purifies of Ramley, Bury, Willow, W - *5 Geo. III.

164

Boundaries of the present Lands,

Comrr’/Tioneni of the former Act to be Cumin ifiionei* of this.

Meeting of Commissioners,

Commissioners impowered to lay a further Tax of 5 5 an Acre for the first tour V nd 2 ?. 6 d. an Acre afterwards.

C. 65. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

boys,- Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Pa'ijhcs of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Elv, in the County of Cambridge?. all the Lands and Grounds lyne in the said Parishes of Dcddington. Sctr.eijhain, Colne, anti Pidley with Fenton, and Part of the Lands and Grounds lying in the Parish of Chatteris, contained *in the Boundaries of the said two recited Acts made in the tvv< nty-fecor.d and thirty second Years of the Reign ot King George the Second, were there- by taken from the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting under the Lid two recited Acts,

and placed under the Controul and Ju; ifdiction of the Commissioners a ing under the said last recited Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present JVLjtfty; so that there n^w lemain only fix* 4 th ouiand and eight hundred Acre*. by Estimation, or thereab- uts, subject to the Controul of the Coni- missioners acting by virtue of the said Act made in the twenty Lcond Year of the Re ign of King George

the Second, and which are bounded as follow?; (th it is to say) B ginning at a Bank called The Tu enty- foot Bark, or Black Bank, next adjoining to a House now in the Potttttion of Th mas Rogers; and from then e along by the Side of the Outring Ditch next the Lands called North Aleadiands, to a Place called The JFeJl water; and from thence along by the said Water, to a Place called Copen*s Corner; and from thence to Some fmm Turnpike Bridge on the East Side of Semersham Turnpike Ko^d; and from thence

along the East Side of the said Road, to the hard Lands at a Place called The Ferry Cle!m, otherwise Chatteris Ferry; and from thence along the Outring Ditch next adjoining to a Common, known by the Name of Ferry Burrctvs, to another Common called Horse-load Fen; and from thence along by the Out- ring Ditch next adjoining to the said Fen, formerly known by the N*me of Snare's Load, to a Tunnel lying under and through a Bank called Ireton s if ay or Bank; and from thence al ng by the Outring Ditch which parts certain Grounds ca'led Mepal Severals f om a Common called Block Fen, and the Out-

ring Ditch which parts Chatteris Severals and the said Block Fen9 to the said Bank called Ireton s Way9 4 o'herwife Mefal Bank; and from thence along by th'* said iy or Bank to Chatteris Common, near to a 4 Place called IVenny; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch which parts the Lands now in the Pof- session of William Purrant and others, from a Place cal’ed Chatteris Common, to a Common Fen called Longuood Fen Comma; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch, which divides certain Lands now*

in the Potttttion of John Gardner Ffqu’re from the last-memioned Commons, and along the Outring Ditch of certain Lands now in the Pottettion of the Reverend Matter Pemberton, to certain Lands called Bishop*s Lands, now in the Pottettion of Perkins Saunders; and from thence along by the said Ditch next adjoining to a Common called Chatteris Common, to a Bank called The Forty-foot Bank, and so along by the said Bank to a Place called Welches Dam \ and from thence along by the Bank called The Twenty- foot Bank, or Bl ck Bank, to the Division Dike, between the House of Thomas Rogers before named, and the Lid North Mead'an ds; which said Lands and Grounds are all situate and lie in the* Pari Hies of Sutton9 4 Alepal, Witcham, Chatteris^ and a Place called Byalfen within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cam- bridge: And whereas the said Commissioners did, in pursuance of the said firtt-recited Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, alTcfs and rate the said Lands and Grounds bounded as above described, and erect Works and Engines for draining the same, from which the Prc- prietors have found the greatest Benefit; but the said Works and Engines are by Length of Time and other Accidents become so ruinous and decayed, that the present Tax of one Shilling per Acre is now very insufficient to amend and maintain the Lme; and the Commissioners have also contradicd several Debts to a considerable Amount, and which cannot be discharged, nor the necessary Works for draining and preserving the said Lands be made, repaired, and maintained, without the further Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Jiy the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners appointed determined by or ad!ing in pursuance of the said former Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, in case they now are pottettld of thirty Acres of taxable Land within the Boundaries of the Lid Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or are Agents for any Proprietors of Lands in the said Fens and Low Grounds intitled by the said former Act to appoint such Agenrs, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, dm ing the Time they shall be poffetted of such Qualifications, to adh as well in Execution of this present Act as of the said former Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed Commissioners by this present Act; and that upon the Death, Refi nation, or Rctufal of any of the Commissioners now ad!ing by virtue of the former Act, that then the surviving Commissioners shall puifue the same Rule for choosing new ones in their Stead, as by the former Ail is directed

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lid Commissioners or their Successors, or any five or more of them, shall, twice in every Year, meet on the Days and Times in the Towns as in the said former Act mentioned, except in the Town of Snmersham, and mav meet at such House or Place of Meeting in the said Towns as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper; but that the firtt Meeting of the said Commissionerc, for the Purpose of executing this Add. shall be h- id at the H >use of John Smithy known determined by the Sign of Tl'e C^cfs K>vs^ in Chatteris in the Ijlr of E!y> or at some other Public House in Chatteris aforesaid, on the third Tuesday next after the piling of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and rtnv he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any fi e or more of them, at all and every or any such Meeting or Meetings, to aiiefs, rate, r*x, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds aforesaid, and liable to be taxed determined by virtue of the said former Act (other man and Except a certain Common called AFef>all Gall Fen C rnmrn, and all public R- acts and Diovew.*y> throughout the said Fell Lands and Low Grounds, which are hciebv exempr* H from any l ax to be ia it H at any Time under and by virtue of this Act) by an equal and proportionabb Acre-tax, with such forth; r bum < r Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any live or more of them, shall think proper, so as the same do

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. 165

not exceed the annual Sum of five Shillings an Acre [over and above the Tax wherewith the said Lands and Grounds are already liable to be taxed) for the first four Years next after the passing of this Act; and for every Year after with any other yearly Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, over and above the said Tax wherewith the said Lands and Grounds are already liable to be taxed; and also to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and singular the said F< n Lands and Low Grounds io bounded and described as aforesaid, and which are not liable to be taxed by virtue of the said former Act, by an equal and proportionable Acre-tax, with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commifli mers, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, so as the same do not exceed the annual Sum of five S hill mgs per Acre for the first four Years after the ptiling of this Act; and for every Year after with any other yvany Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre in any Year; all which said Sum or Sums of Money, so to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be paid, collected, levied, and recovered in the same Manner as the said Acre-tax of one Shilling per Acre by the said former Act is directed to be paid, colledeJ, levied, and recovered.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tax shall belaid, by virtue of this Act, upon two certain Parcels of Lammas Land lying in AL:pa I aforesaid, called The Great and Little HAts, 'or the fi ft two Years next after the passing thereof; nor any larger Tax than the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre for the third Year after the patting thereof; nor any larger Tax than the Sum of five Shillings per Acre for the fourth Year after the passing thereof; and that from and after the Expiration <*f the said four Years after the passing of this Act, the said Great and Little Ho ts shall be subject to the same annual Tax of two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, as the other Lands and Grounds are liable to by virtue of this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the several and respective Tenants of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, which shall be rated or assessed at the annual Sum of five Shillings an Acre by virtue of this Act for the first four Years after the passing thereof, and also the several and respective Tenants of the said Lammas Land, called The Great and Little Holts, which shall be rated and all tiled at the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre for the third Year after the passing of this Act, and at the Sum of five* Shillings per Acre for the fourth Year after the passing of this Act, shall, and are hereby required md au n riled to pay such annual Sum of five Shillings, two Shillings and Sixpence, and five Shillings an Acre re’pe iiv iyr and to deduct the same out of the Kent which now is or shall accrue due to their respective Landlords for the said Lands; and the said Landlords, both mediate and immediate, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon proper Receipts bung produced of such Payment, and upon Payment of the Residue of the said Rents: And that every Tenant, paying the said Assessment, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Assessment Dull amount to, as if the same had been actually paid unto such Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall have been due or payable, except where there are or have been prior Agreements made between the Landlord and Tenant to the contrary.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That in all Cases where there shall be a Lease or Agreement subsisting. which has more than seven and under fourteen Years to come and unexpired, at the Time of the passing nf this Act, one Moiety of the Taxes to be laid by virtue of this Act Inal] be borne and paid by the Landlord, and the other Moiety by the Tenant; and that in all Cases where there shall be a Le.ile or Agrrrm* nt subsisting, which has fourteen or more Years to come and unexpired at the Time of the passing of this Act, the Whole of the Taxes to be laid by virtue of this Act fh .11 be borne and pi*! by the Tenant.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the f »id Taxes or Assessments shall be applied and disposed of, in the first Place, to defray the Expences of obtaining this Act; and in the next Place to discharge such Notes of Hands as have been given by the Commissioners for Money by them borrowed and expended in Works for imbanking and draining the Lid Fen Land* and Low G oun with the Interest thereon due; and then to discharge the Bills due to Tradelrmn for Materials and Work done by Order of the said Commissioners; and the Remainder thereof in making, maintaining, and keeping such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Bridges, Tunnels, and Outlets, and erecting, repairing, maintaining, and keeping such Works and Engines as will be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and for the other Purposes directed by this Act, and to no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tax or Assessment shall be rated, charged, or levied for or in respect of any Lands, being Part of the Lands bounded and del rib <1 as aforesaid, which are known and distinguished by the Name of High la"dsy and have not been damaged determined by Inundations.

IX. And, in order to the ascertaining the Number of Acres contained within the said Boundaries, and which are High-lands, and have not been dam ged by Inundations, and which are not,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall ami may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine rr more of them, who 111.ill be present at the first Meeting, or any other Meeting ro be held by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorised, if they shall think proper, to order a Survey to be taken, and a Map made, by such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, of all the Lands and Grounds contained nr comprized in this Act, as well those already surveyed as tnofe noi; which Survey and M*«p shall be delivered in upon Oath so the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, who shall be on fi m at any IMte-irg to bw held by virtue of this Act, and the Charges thereof shall be borne and paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise whether any such Lands shall or shall not be deemed High-lands, the same shall be determined upon View, on or before the first Day of September^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, by two indiffeient Persons not having any Property in the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds contained within the said Boundaries, one of whom lhdl be nominated by the Commissioners, and the other by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in Dispute> and the

How the Great

and Li le H"!ts ate to be taxed*

Tynan’s to pay th.r T x, and deduc thr same out of their Rents.

Who shall paf th" Taxe* lor lun Is under Lease.

Annlication of Taxes*

High-’andi not to o* taxed.

A Survey to be tak^n, and Map* made.

If any P fpVe shall «irife whether an*, of the I. old*- lil >'t o b?

deemed Highlands or r.or, the lame to be de~-

*66

te-mined by two indiffexenc Persons.

Iftbe said Per-f os cannot agree, they are te chuse an Vmjdre.

In case the Pro-

|>ric*for refufrs to name a Referee, &c. the Matter to be Icttled by tbr Quarter Sessions,

Tenants for

Lite, &c. im-pc»w.-rcd to borrow Money;

nd to mortgage their Lands fir Security*

CornTTuflioneri imj.Mwered to borrow 6,000!*

and to assign the Rates as a Security,

Mortgagees to

be Crrdi ors in equal Degree.

Application of Money borrowed.

Mortgages of the Rates to be numbered.

Securities miy be aligned by Indorsement,

C. 65. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

said two Persons, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall take an Oath well and truly, to the best of their Judgment and Knowledge, to determine whether such Lands shall or shall not be deemed High-lands (which Oath anyone or more of th^ Ommissioners is and are hereby impowered to administer); and the said two PerDns shall set forth their Determination in two distn.'t Writings, and shall sign the same; one of which Writings shall be delivered to the Owner or Owmrs of such Lands, and the other of such Writings shall he deposited and kept in the Place where the Accounts and other Records of the said Commissioners are kepr; and the Determinatin' of the said two Persons (h ill be final.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That in case the said two Persons so chosen shall not agree in their Opinions* then they the Lid two Persons shall nominate and appoint one other indifferent Person not having any* Property in the said P en Lands and Low Grounds; and such Person, being first sworn in Manner above-men tinned, shall and is hereby impowered, together with the said two other Persons, to determine the Matter, so in Dispute; and the Determination of them, or any two of'hem, shall be final.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor of Lan h so in Dispute shall neglect or refuse to appoint inch Referee, or the Referee by him appointed shall refuse to come to a Determination on the said Land with the other Referee, or to agree with him in appointing an Umpire, then the Matter in Dispute, how far the said Land is taxable, shall be settled and determined by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, assembled at their then next General Quarter Sessions; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, or for any Number of Years determinable upon Life or Lives, or other Contingencies, or for Trustees of any Charities, or any other Purposes whatsoever, by Writing urp'-e tin ir Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to charge such of their said Lands and Grounds, which are subject and liable to be taxed by this Act with the annual Sum of five Shillings per Acre for the first four Years after the passing of this Act, with any Sum not exceeding the said several annual Sums of five Shillings per Acre; and for securing the Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same, to surrender, grant, mortgage, lea'e, or demise the Lands and Grounds so to be charged unto such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the same respectively; so as every such Surrender, Grant, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and he void, or with an xpress Trust to b* surrendered or assigned, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, with the lute eft theteof, shall be fully satisfied and paid j and so as every such Surrender, Grant, or Demise, so to be made by any Tenant in Fee, for Life or Lives, or in Tail, or for Years determinable upon Contingencies, contains a Proviso, that the Persons intitled in Remainder or Reversion shall not, nor shall any Person he liable, on his her, or their becoming seised and possessed of any such Lands or Grounds, to pay *ny further or larger Arrear of Interest than for one-half Year preceding the Time when the Title of such P« (IVflion shall accrue and commence; and that every such Surrender, Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstandinr the Want of a legal Title, or any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other In, umbrances, of, upon, affecting, or concerning the same Grounds, Lands, and Premises, or any Part or Pai ts thereof then in being, or capable of taking Effect to the contrary.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them (such major Part not being lefv than fifteen), assembled at any public Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered; from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of six thousand pounds, which they shall think necessary for the new-making, carrying on, repairing, and prHerving the aid Works; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals (without Stamps) to assign over the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged or to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and every or any Part thereof, as a Security for the Repayment of tuch Sum or Sums, with Interest for the same, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums of Money, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns: And all and every such Person or Persons to whom such Mortgage, Ash'inment, or Transfer thereof shall be made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein n.entioned, Creditors on the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any Sum of Money: Which Money so to be borrowed shall, in the first Place, be applied and disposed of to defray the Expences of obt ining this Act; and in the next Placet to discharge such Notes of Hand as have been given by the Commissioners for Money by them borrowed and expended in Works for embanking and draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, with the Interest thereon due; and then the Bills due to Tradesmen for Materials and Work done by Order of the said Commissionc rs; and the Remainder thereof in making, maintaining, and keeping such Cuts, Drains, Banks, Bridges, Tunnels, and Outlets, and erecting. repairing, maintaining, and keeping such Works and Engines as shall be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and for the other Purposes dbedled by this Act, and to no other U*e or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages or Assignments of the said Rates and Taxes to be made, as well of the Taxes to be raised by this piefent Aff, as all future Mortgages or Assignments to be made of the Rates an ! Taxes raised by the said former Adf, shall be numbered, beginning with Number One, and so proceeding in numerical Order; and that no Assignment shall be made for any greater or leller Sum than one hundred Pounds; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Person to whom any Assignment of the said Rates and Taxes to be raised by virtue of this Act, or the former Act, shall hereafter be made for securing any

3 Sum

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. 167

Sum or Sums of Mon*y thereby secured, shall have full Power from Time to Time, by Indorsement on the original Gram or Security (withour Stamps), to assign and transfer the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and after the Time that the lame is entered in a Book to be kept by the id Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk is hereby required to make upon producing such Alignment, and Payment of one Shilling for the said Entry), shall intirie such .\ilignee or Assignees. his, her, or rheir Executors, Admmifiratois, or A (Tig ns, to theiaid principal Sum, and all interest due or to grow due thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees, and every other A -signte or Assignees, (h.ill and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement or otherwise, assign and make over such Mortgages and Securities so assigned as aforesaid, and so toties quoiies as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment being entered into such Books as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rates or Taxes to be raised by virtue of this Act on the said Lands and Grounds, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Principal Monies so to be borrowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and with the Interest of such Monies from Time to Time, and shall vest in the Creditors upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the same and every Part thereof shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nnnp lyment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges of recovering the said Rates or Taxes, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default in Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners and their Collectors and Receivers could have had in case such Principal Money and Interest had been regulailv paid.

XVIII. Provided always, That nn Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest, upon the said Rates and Taxes charged upon the Lands and Grounds by virtue of this Act by the lVid Commissioners, unless the same shall be so borrowed at one of their Meetings directed to be held by this or the former Act, nor at any such Meeting as aforesaid, unless fifteen Commissioners at the least shall be then and ihere pelent and consenting or agreeing thereto.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal, alter, or take away, any of th Clauses, Restrictions, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act to the Commissioners acting by virtue and in pursuance thereof; but that every Clause, Power, and Authority therein contained, (h<dl remain.and be in the same Force and EtFcft as if this Act had never been made; and that all the Cfaules, Restrictions, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds herein-before described in this present Act, shall extend to this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; save only and except such Part or Parts thereof as are altered, taken away, or repealed, by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be borne and defrayed out of the first Monies that shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Successors, shall be, and are hereby authorised and impowered to take Earth from any Part of the Lands contained within the said Boundaries for the Purpose of making and repairing such Banks, Mill-hills, Dams, Headings, and other Works within the said Boundaries, as they shall think necessary, paying such reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who have a Right to the Soil wherefrom the same shall be taken, as shall be determined by the said Commissioners and such Proprietors agreed on; and in case of any Dispute about the same, that it shall be settled and adjured as by the said former Act is directed in similar cases; and that they shall and do, and they are hereby authorised and required, within twelve Calendar Months next after passing this Act, to make and cut a new Drain from the present Twenty foot Drain between Sutton and Ale pa I Fen to the old Sixteen-fnor Drain in Master Fortrey's Land, twenty Feet wide at the Top, and fhtten Feet at the Bottom, and five Feet d< ep.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Land lying within the Limits aforesaid, through which any Drove-way Dike, Out-ring Dike, or Division Dike hading to any of the Mill drains within the said Boundaries, doth or shall pass, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to road, scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dike, or to make the same of the Depth of lour f eet, and the Width of nine Feet at h alf, after fourteen Days Notice in Writing to him, her, or them given, from Time to Time, determined by the Collectnr or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to cause *u< h D kes to be roaded. scoured, deanled, opened, repaired, and deepened in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, at the proper Costs, Charges, and Expences of such Owners or Occupiers; and also wherever a Road or Way have been or shall be made over or across any such Dike, without a Tunnel not less than eighteen Inches Square of clear Water-way lying the rein, and also wherever a Road or Wav h ive been or shall be made over or across any Mill-drain, without a Bridge over the same of the Width of the Bottom of the said Drain, to cause such Ways or Roads to be Uken up, and such Dike or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth for conveying the Waters through the lame to the several Mills or Engines erected or to be erected for draining the said E'en Lands and Low Grounds, and by Warrant or Precepr, under the Hands of three or more of the said Commissioners, to levy such Charges and Expence- as shall h occasioned determined by the deepening and widening of the said Dikes or Drains, or taking up the said Roads on the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands through which the said Dikes shall pass, or to which they shall be contiguous, or who shall make or cauie to be made Inch Road as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, to put this or the said former Act into Execution, shall make noDams or ocher Works to hinder the Waters drained from the said Lands situate on the North

rail

Rates to be charged with-Monies borrowed.

ind, In Default of Payment, veiled in Creditors.

No Money to be borrowed, unieffr at a Meeting wher' fifteen Commissioners aTe present. Certain Cl life* of the former Act\ extended tO

this Act.

Expences of thit A A ho w to be paid.

Com miffi oner# impowered to t»k* Earth for nuking Bankv See,

and to make a

Drain from the-T* trfify Foot Drain to the old Sixteen-so >t Drain, Arc. Su'veyo-s may cauf- Ditches leading to Millar crains to be pouter, Arc. if the Owners, Arc*. shall ne^led so to do.

C rr.rr.i.Tionert n n t ^o any W» rk to t j i ter tnc Wttcrh in

i68

Cranebrook, Sec, from issuing to their Outfall*.

If the Commissionns shall make a Drain across any Road or Droveway, they shall rre& proper Bridges.

How Justices to proceed for Conviction of Of* fenders.

Form of Conviction.

Saving Clause to the Cot portion of Bed fold Level.

Limitation of Actions,

<3eneral Issue,

C. 65. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

east Side of C^anebroch and South-west Side of the Outring Ditch of the North Meadlands, aforesaid, or any other Watercourses, Dikes, or Drains, running in, by, or through the said Lands and Grounds within the Boundaries described as aforesaid, from issuing and passing to their accustomed Outfalls; and that they the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby authorised and required to (cour our, cleanse, and keep such old Dikes, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, as have hereto'ore been made, used, or kept in Repair by the said Commissionerp, in good and sufficient Repair and Condition for conveying the said W aters to their said Outfalls; any Thing in this or the said former Act contained to the contrary in any-\vife notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commissionc'rs shall make or tife any Drain or Cut across any Road or Droveway, they shall, and are hereby authorised and required to ered, or cause to be erectd, and, from Time to Time, to keep in Repair, proper Bridges for the Use and Convenience of all Persons passing and repassing along such Road or Droveway; and also that during the Time that any Bridge or Bridges, Tunnel or Tunneis, across any Drain or Drains that now is or are, or hereafter shall be made across a certain Road or Way called lretons it ay or Mr pa I Bank,* shall be erecting or repairing, the Lid Commissioners shall also erect and keCp up a proper temporary Bridge, or proper temporary Bridges, over such Drain or Drains, for the Use and Convenience of all Persons passing or rep ailing along the said Way or Bank, so that the Road or Way along the said Bank may not, at any Time, be thereby stopped or impeded.

XXV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, and the said for- mer Ad,* be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Perons shall be convicted of any OJftnce against this Act, or the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said Lands or Grounds so herein before bounded and delcished, fh.il! and may* cau'e the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same hfftd, as the Case shall happen; videlicet:

T)E it remembered, Thar, on the Day of in the Year of our Lori

A B is convicted before me C. D one of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely feither on h:$ own Confection, or on Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wi n* lies, as the Case shall /»r], determined by virtue of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the twenty-second ear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and p~e- serving certain Fen Lands and Low G otinds in the 'everal P irilhes of Sutton, ALepnl, Hitcham, Chat- feris, Doddingto*\ and a PI cc called Byal fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and a so in c< the Parishes of Some'sham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes Sutton, M<piL itch am, Chatteris,

and a Pi ce called By. I ftn, in the Isle of Ely, in the said Act dderb-d; Ifpeefying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same ivas committed. os the Case shall be J.

Given un er my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written/

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein mentioned, shall nor extend, or heconftrued to extend, to impower the said or any of them, to have, use, or exercise any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers, Drains, or Works already made, or her* after to be made, by the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of The Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue of an Act of- Parliamen* made in the ffeemh Year of the Reign of Kin^ Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Starute whatsoever; or to invalidate, lien, diminish, alter, or t ke away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in the fain Govern r, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Statute whatsoever, are now vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and he in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonadv, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of th m, s fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act h id never been made.

XXVII. And it is herrby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuan e of this or the former Act, or in Execution of any the Powers and Authorities her^hv or thereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be la>d or brougtv in the Court of Sessions of Pleas of the said Ifeof Ely, or in the County of Cambridge, and not eKewnere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, N"t Guilty 5 and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, or the former Act, as Persons acting by the Authority of Commissioners of Sewe s are enable ! to do, and give this or the former Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than a-> aforesaid), at any T'rial to be thereupon had; and that the Fad alledged to have been done was done in pur-fuanc e an by the Authority of this or the former Act: And if the same shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought aftef the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear a Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise; then, in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or

A.D. 177;. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.’ C. 66=—65; 169

Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as where Costs Treble 0§fl«. t>y Law are awarded.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be P«Hi* Aa. deemed a Public Act; and all Judges, or Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without (pecialiy pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the Hamlet of Mile-end Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present MajestyJfor making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City rf Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at Maifmore, near the City of Glou cester\ for railing, widening, and securing Over's causeway, leading from the said City towards Maifmore aforesaid and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances there* from, and preventing the like for the future.

WHEREAS a Bridge was, about sixty-six Years ago, built with Brick and Stone across the River

Severn, in the Parish of Maifmore, and near the City of Gloucester, and in the Turnpike Road

leading to the City of Worcester, determined by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Maifmore, by a Fine of two hundred Pounds set on them at a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Glou- cejier, in Easter Sessions, one thousand seven hundred and nine, on their pleading Guilty to an Indictment found against them for not repairing their Bridge called Maifmore-bridge, and the Highways in the said Parish, and by a voluntary Gift from the County of Gloucester by Order of the said Seifi ms, and also by other Subscriptions; which said Bridge, since the Time of building, has been of public Utility \ 4 but the said Bridge not being built sufficiently itrong, has for a considerable Time been in a ruinous Condition, and was lately totally destroyed by means of the Equinoctial Tides and great Floods: And whereas, in order to prevent the Communication between the said Cities, and many Parts of the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and other Counties and Places, from being totally stopped, a temporary Bridge has been built of Wood by certain Persons at their own private Expence: And whereas it is necessary for the public Convenience, that a substantial and safe Bridge should be built in the Room of the former Bridge so destroyed as aforesaid May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

[Proviso.]

Trustees appointed for building a Bridge across the Severn. When Trustees die, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Qualification of Trustees. Penalty on acting if not qualified. Meetings of Truf- tees appointed. In default of a sufficient Number, the Clerk to adjourn. Trustees to pay their own Charges, ifc. Orders to be made at Meetings only, iffc. A Bridge to be built of Stone, &c. across the River Severny at Maifmore, near the City of Gloucester. Materials of the old Bridge vested in the Trustees, who are impowered to contract with the Proprietors of the Wooden Bridge; but if they rc- fuse to fell the Bridge, &c- Trustees may cause it to be taken down, and a new temporary Bridge to be built. Persons damaging the Bridges, to forfeit treble the Value of the Damage. Trustees may erect Toll-houses, fc. and take the following Tolls: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Carriage, Three-pence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ais, laden or un- laden, and not drawing, one Penny: For every Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, Ten-pence per Score \ 44 and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Hogs, or Lambs, Five-pence per Score. Tolls vested in the Trustees, tsV. and may be levied by Di ft refs. In- habitants of Maifmore, &c. not to pay Toll going to their Meadows. Inhabitants of Gloucester, MjiJ- more, &c. to pay Toll but once a Day. Trustees may vary the Tolls. If the Bridges shall, by Accident, become impassable, an occ&fional Ferry may be set up. Trustees may provide a Ferry till die *4 temporary Bridge shall be passable, 13c. Trustees may borrow 5000l. and assign the Tolls as a Secu- rity. Securities, &V. to be entered in a Book. Assignments not exceeding <;o/. maybe transferred by Jnaorfement only. Commissioners may appoint Officers, and pay their Salaries. Officers to account. 44 Officers refusing to account, or to pay the balance, it may be levied by Distress. On Failure of Dif- tress, &c. the Party to be committed. Persons destroying Toll-gates, &V. to be adjudged guilty of Felony. Actions on Behalf of the Trustees to be brought in the Name of the Clerk, who is to be re- imbursed all Charges. Persons assaulting or threatening Collectors, &c. to forfeit not exceeding 40l. 44 nor less than 10s. When Bridge built, and the Money borrowed repaid. Tolls to cease. Certain Meadows near the former Bridge to be let, and the Rents applied towards building, &c. Maifmore- bridge. Trustees of an Act 9 Geo. III. to cause Overs causeway to be widened, &c. Persons liable to Repair of the causeway, to remain so. Trustees may borrow i,2©o/. Trustees may take Grave], Sand, &c. from The Town-ham. Persons injuring the causeway, to forfeit not more than m t / nor Ida than 20 s. OnSept. 22, yearly) three Persons to be chosen our of each Parish in Gloucester,

170 C. 69. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

at the Vestry. Qualification of the Persons to be chosen, and of the Vestry-men. Justices to hold a

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Special Sessions annually; at the first whereof to order a Plan for paving the four principal Streets. 44 Justices to give Notice to the Parish Officers to deliver in Lists of Persons chose in Vestry $ out of which Lifts they are to appoint Surveyors for the respective Parishes. Parish Officers, for neglecting their Duty, shall forfeit 5 /.; and Persons for not executing the Office of Surveyor, 1 cl. Duty of Surveyors. 44 Penalty on Neglect. Streets'to be paved as the Surveyors direct. On Refusal of Owners, 44 Uc. to pave, the Surveyor may cause it to be done, and levy the Expences by Distress. Te*

nants may deduct the Expences of paving out of their Rents. Covenants between Landlord and Tenant not to be vacated. Surveyors to give Notice to Inhabitants to alter Spouts, Signs, and Penthouses, Uc.

If Owners, Uc. neglect fourteen Days after Notice, Surveyors may cause the same to be done, and u recover the Expence from the said Owners, Uc. Penalty on Persons causing Annoyances, Uc. Steps, 44 Uc. projecting into the Footways to be altered as the Surveyors shall direct. Clause to enable the Mayor and Burgesses, and the Dean and Chapter, to sell or exchange Lands, Uc. Footways to be swept every Saturday. The Street Soil to be the Property of the Surveyors. Streets to be swept twice *4 in every Week. Surveyors to keep Accounts of Money raised and expended by them. Justices to order a Rate to be made- Rate may be levied by Distress. Penalty on Overseers refufin® to make or cnlledt the Rate. Justices may provide a Place to lay Soil in Penalty on driving any Wheelbarrow, u Uc. on Foot-pavements. Penalty on causing other Nuisances. Cattle not to be killed, Uc. in the Streets. Swine or Cattle (landing for Sale, or found wandering, to be secured. Penalty. Penalty on sifting Ashes, Uc. in the Streets. Hoards to be allowed under certain Restrictions. Limited Time for emptying Boghouses, Uc. No Carriages to be left in the Streets, on Forfeiture of 10l. Width of Wheels of Ciry Carts, Uc. Bow-windows, Uc. to be taken down. Penalty on Persons throwing Filth into the Severn^ &c. Recompence to be made for Damages done to or by Water-pipes. Penalty on Persons assaulting Parish Surveyors, Uc. Expences of this Act how to be'paid. Persons aggrieved may appeal to thq. Quarter Selfijns, whole Determinauon shall be final. If the Mayor, Uc. of Gloucester are interested, then the Appeal shall be made to the Quarter Sessions for the County. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered. Commissioners may reward Informers. Application of Penalties. 44 Distress not. to be deemed unlawful for want of Form, Uc. Plaintiff not to recover, if Tender of Amends hath been made. Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari. Writings to be without Stamps. Persons liable to repair Pavements, to continue so. This Act not to extend to the Precincts of the Cathedral. The Rights of the Corporation of Gloucester, &c. teferved. Limitation of Actions. General Hide. Treble Costs. Public Act."

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley-bridge% in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham.

WHEREAS the making a Cut or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Tient^ at the Place where the same joins or communicates with the Lord- ships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, through Part of the same Lordships, and also through Part of the several Lordships of Samly-acrty Stanton, Little HaUam, Ilkejione, Shipley, and East- woody to or near Langley ^bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, will render the Carriage of Coal, Lime, Limestone, Timber, Lead, and all Kinds or Merchandise, to several Parts of the Counties .4 of Nottingham^ Derby> and Leicester, much cheaper and easier than at present; which will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures of the said Counties, and also to other Parts of the Kingdom, and will be of public Utility: And whereas the several Persons herein after named are desirous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make and maintain the said Cut or Canal; but cannot effect the same without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, Uc.

Names of Proprietors, who are incorporated. Company of Proprietors impowered to make a navi- gable^ Canal from the Trent to Langley-bridge \ and to build Bridges, Sluices, Reservoirs, Uc.; and to dig Gravel, Uc. in any Grounds contiguous to the Canal; and to make Towing-paths, Uc. making Satisfaction for E>amages to Owners of Mills, Lands, Uc. Proprietors impowered to cut through two small Gardens. The Map and Book of Reference to be authenticated and copied, and to be aumitted as Evidence. Canal to be made pursuant to Plan and Book of Reference. Names of Land-owners not being in Book of Reference, to be no Obstruction in making the Canal. Lands may be entered for making Surveys, Uc. Breadths of the Canal and Towing-paths. Watering-places for Cattle to be preserved. Company to make Drains, Uc. for conveying Water from adjoining Lands. Bodies Po- litic, Uc. impowered to sell and convey Lands, Uc. Agreements, Conveyances, Uc. to be inroiltd. of Rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed: Their Powers. If Parties refuse to sub- mit to the Determination of Commissioners, Uc a Jury to be impannelled. Jurors may be challenged. 44 Witnesses to be examined on Oath. Verdict of the Jury, Uc. to be final. Value of Lands, and Da- mages sustained, to be distinguished. In case Proprietors refuse to accept the Recompence offered, the Company may nevertheless use the Lands, Uc; but the Proprietors may apply to the Commissioners, or to a Jury, for Satisfaction. Penalty on Sheriff, Jurors, Uc. for Neglect of Duty. How Expences of Juries shall be paid. Persons requesting a Jury, to enter into Bond to prosecute, Uc. Commissioners

*7i

A.D. 1777. Anno deimo septimo Georgii III. c. 69.

not to take Notice of any Complaint, till Application has been made to the Proprietors,

[Proviso.]

How Persons giving false Evidence shall be punished. Upon the Payment or Tender of Monies assessed, 44 Premises to be vested in the Company, &c. Verdicts, &c. shall be recorded, and allowed to be good Evidence* After Payment of Sums assessed, and Entry of Verdicts, &c. Mills, Lands, &c. purchased. 44 to be vested in the Company. 'Purchase money due to Corporations, &c+ to be laid out in the Purchaso of Estates subject to the same Uses, Zffc.; and, till such Purchases shall be made, to be put out at Interest. The Commissioners to settle the Proportions of Money to be allowed to Tenants. In Default *c of Payment of Money for Damages, the Rates to be liable; or.it may be recovered at Law. If Da- mages, 12c. are not paid out of the Tolls, they may be levied by Distress of the Company's Goods. *4 If yearly Rents are not regularly paid, how they may be recovered. Persons destroying the Work^ guilty of Felony. Penalty on Persons obstructing the Works. Lands, &c, purchased by the Company vested in them. Money subscribed, Cfc. and Effects for carrying on the Navigation, vested in the Company. Company may raise 15,400l. amongst themselves. Application thereof. The Subscription-money to be divided into 154. Shares; which shall Jbe deemed personal Estate. Every Subscriber of an 154th Share to be a Proprietor. Proprietors to have a Vote for each Share, not exceeding seven. 44 Proprietors may raise amongst themselves, if necessary, 7,700l.more; or borrow the same, and " assign over the Navigation, tsfc. as a Security. Form of Assignment No Preference of one Assignee 4‘ before another- Alignments to be entered, and may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Transfers to be entered, &c. Interest to be paid for Money borrowed before Works are finished. No Person to act 41 as a Proprietor who has not one whole Share. Assignments to be considered 2s real Securities. No 44 Assignee deemed a Proprietor. Interest to be paid yearly: How to be recovered. General AlTerr)bli<^ 44 of Proprietor* to be held annually. A Committee to be chosen, and Officers. Committee to be under Controul of the General AITerably, and to be appointed annually. Meetings of Proprietors may be .<4 called upon Emergencies. General Assemblies to consist of fifty Shares. Proprietors not meetings to forfeit 5 s. for each Share. General Assemblies may audit and-settle Accounts. General Assembly, or Committee, may make Calls, &c Proprietors to pay Money called for. If the first Call is not paid, 44 Company may sue for the same. Penalty on neglecting to answer future Calls. No Share to be for- feited, till Declaration thereof at a General Auembly. Power in General Assemblies to make Bye- laws, and to impose Fines on Offenders. When Subscribew die, before Shares completed, Executors, 44 &c. may complete the same How to proceed when there is a Deficiency of Assets, &c. How Shares may be disposed of Shares may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Shares not to be sold after any Call made, till it is completed. Books to be kept for entering the Proceedings of the Company Commissioners Accounts and Orders to be entered by the Clerk; which shall be admitted as Evidence. 44 Books to be locked up. Commissioners Clerk may be removed. Company impowered to take Ton- nage For every Quarter of Wheat, Rye, Beans, or Pease, 6d.: For every Quarter of Malt, d.: 44 For every Quarter of Barley, ^or other Graiu not before enumerated, 5 d, 5 and so in Proportion for any greater or lets Quantities: For every Ton of Coal and Coke, is. 6 d.: For every Ton of Slate, 6 d.; 44 r or every Ton of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatsoever, not before specified, except Gravel, 44 Stone, and other Materials to be used for the making Roads, is.: And for every Ton of LimeorLime- Hones, 1 d. per Mile; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity or Weight: And one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight avoirdupois shall be deemed one hundred Weight. Coals, iffc. from Hallam Collieries, if any Cut shall be made from thence, to pay 9 d person, and Merchandise, &c. 1 x Rates to be fixed at the first General Assembly, and may be afterwards altered. How the Rates may be recovered. Duties exempted from the Payment of Taxes. Masters of Vessels to give just Accounts of their Lading. On Neglect, to forfeit 5l. In case of Difference concerningr the Weight of Goods, Vessels to be detained, and Goods weighed, Canal, &c. to be free, onray-

[Proviso.]

ment of the Rates. The Company to provide Gates, Stiles, Bridges, fcfr. In case the Works are damaged by Floods, the Company may enter on adjoining Lands, and dig Stones, &c. to repair the same; making Recompence for Damages. Coals, found in digging the Canal, to be taken away by Land-owners. Proprietors of Mines may cut Drains to discharge the Water, £sV. Restrictions on draining and working of Mines. Mines may be worked, in certain cases, beyond the Limits before prescribed. Company's Agents may enter Lands or Coal-pits, to view the Works, &c Owners of Coal-mines lying under the Canals, &c. desirous of working, to give Notice to the Company. If 44 Company restrain the Owners from working the said Mines, they shall pay them the Value thereof. 44 Disputes to be settled by the Commissioners, &c. Owners of Mines may make Cuts through their own Lands, iffc. Company to tpke a Lezfe for 99 Years of the Rev. Mr. Chambers's Corn-mil!; or to purchase the same. If Parties disagree, a Jury to be summoned, £?V. Lords of Manors, &c. may make Wharfs, or erect Warehouses, &c. on their own Lands. Rates of Wharfage. Owners to caul® 44 their Names to be painted on the Ouifides of Vessels, and to cause Vessels to be incafured, Owners, for Neglect, to forfeit 5 /. Boat mailer or Owner made answerable for all Damage done by the Crew. 44 Proper Places to be made for Boats to turn and lie in for other Boats to pass by. Regulations to be observed in passing the Locks, on Penalty of 5l. Commissioners to regulate the mooring of Vessels. 44 Penalty on causing Obstructions by Vessels. Vessels sunk in the Canal to be immediately weighed. Persons floating Timber, or overloading Vessels, £sV. to forfeit 5 /. Commissioners not to 44 a St where interfiled. Persons throwing Ballast into the Canal, to forfeit t A Canal not to be under the Power of Commissioners of Sewers. Persons on Board having Nets or Guns, not being qualified, 44 to forfeit 40s.; and the Mailer, tsfe. permitting the same, to forfeit 5 A When Commissioners die, 44 or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Qualification of Commissioners. Persons act;ng, not being qualified, to for feit 50l. each. Commissioners to be sworn. The Oath. Commissioners who are JuU 44 uces may act as such. Commissioners not to hold Places of Profit, CtV. How special Meetings of the - 7 Commissioncw

172 C. 70, 71. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Commissioners shall be appointed. Three Commissioners may call Meetings on Request made. Fourteen Days Notice to be given of Meetings. Where the Commissioners Meetings shall be held. Rights of Lords of Manors, &c. to Mines and Quarries preserved. Clause for preserving Rights to Fisheries. Land-owners impowered to use Pleasure-boats on the Canal. If Lands not used for four Years, to be reconveyed. If Company refuse to reconvey the Lands for a valuable Consideration, they shall revert to the original Proprietors. Writings not liable to Stamp-duties. Proceedings not to bequalhed for want of Form. Canal to be measured, and Mile-stones let up Penalties and Forfeitures how to be re- covered and applied. How Justices to proceed for Conviction of Offenders. Form of Conviction. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form. Proviso. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, who are to determine the Matter in a summary Way. Company may pay off Mortgages on Land used for the Canal. Mortgagees to acknowledge the Receipt thereof, on the Back of their Mortgages. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. Public Act."

---

CAP. LXX.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining in the said Parish.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms-houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to sell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno decimo octavo GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the FOURTH Session of the

FOURTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 18 Georgii III.

1. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies of Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

3. An Act for containing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

6. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

7. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigton.

8. An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol.

9. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Lilford, being a Vicarage united to the Rectory of Achurch, in the County of Northampton; and for repairing the Parish Church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing and widening Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snaresbrook, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex.

11. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachusets Bay in New England.

12. An Act for removing all Doubts and Apprehensions concerning Taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain in any of the Colonies, Provinces and Plantations in North America and the West Indies; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or relates thereto.

13. An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners with sufficient Powers to treat, consult and agree upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations and Provinces of North America.

14. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cases therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

16. An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat Flour, Biscuit and Pease, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur and Labrador.

17. An Act for building an additional Jail, and also a Prison and House of Correction within the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act to explain an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange; or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills or other Securities for Payment of Money; or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods.

19. An Act for the Payment of Costs to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cases; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony.

20. An Act for further continuing the Duties granted by Three Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

21. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester; and the other made in the Seventeeth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act.

22. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery.

23. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

24. An Act for allowing the Re-importation of unmanufactured Tobacco from foreign Parts, although the same may have been sold abroad; and the Importation of Tobacco, the Growth and Produce of the Island of Dominica, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

25. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain and Flour imported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester and Chester, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain and Flour is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

26. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

27. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom.

28. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of double Tolls; and for vacating Contracts for leasing Tolls.

29. An Act for empowering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and Hereditaments belonging to them in the Parishes of Alnwick, Embleton and Warkworth, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in some one or more of the Open Common Fields at Corbridge, in the said County; and to empower the said Commissioners and Governors to grant Leases, in manner therein mentioned.

30. An Act for the more effectually levying of the Duty upon Servants in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

31. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augusta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, one other Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frederick one other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda one other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum.

32. An Act for further continuing so much of certain Duties as have by several Acts of Parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex.

33. An Act for the better Preservation of Fish, and regulating the Fisheries, in the Rivers Severn and Verniew.

34. An Act for the easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candleshoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk.

36. An Act for more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

37. An Act for paving Parts of the Footpaths on the Sides of the great Road, called Whitechapel Road, in the County of Middlesex; and also the several Streets, Lanes, Roads and Passages, opening into the same; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and near thereto.

38. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

39. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

40. An Act to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to foreign Parts; and to extend such Part of the same Act, as obliges the Master of British or Irish Ships, sailing from any of His Majesty's Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing there, to the like Vessels sailing into Denmark, Norway and Archangel.

41. An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the same Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Endowments.

42. An Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel.

43. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County of Lincoln.

44. An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

45. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

46. An Act for allowing further time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

47. An Act to amend such Part of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices.

48. An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

50. An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, to arise out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

51. An Act for applying the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey.

52. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cases.

53. An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines.

54. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise.

55. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; and for further encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Ireland.

56. An Act to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom Duty-free.

57. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

58. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

59. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned.

60. An Act for relieving His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

61. An Act for repealing certain Provisions in Two Acts, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; one intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the other intituled, An ACt for vesting such as remain unsold by the present Trustees in Her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such Uses as the same were before vested in the said Trustees; and for the more effectual selling and setting the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several Acts relative to the Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond Everard.

62. An Act to continue an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise, for a limited time, the Punishment, by hard Labour, of Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

63. An Act for enabling Trustees under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into Execution, notwithstanding they may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls for Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or Soldiers on Duty.

64. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

65. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Earl to His Majesty and the Public.

66. An Act for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for authorising the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to sell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session House.

68. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge.

69. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling.

70. An Act to enable Hector Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findborn, in the County of Elgin and Forres.

71. An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to make a Street or Opening from Moor Fields, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the East, into Bishopsgate Street; and also from the East End of Chiswell Street, Westward, into Barbican; and to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of Sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds for such Purpose.

72. An Act for erecting a Building for holding the Courts and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for holding the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the order public Business of the said City and Liberty; and for appropriating Part of the Surplusses of the Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence thereof.

73. An Act for paving the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of Middlesex; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for such Purpose.

74. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

75. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey; and to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton.

76. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apostle, in the said Town and County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

77. An Act for paving and repairing the Streets, Lane and other public Passages and Places within such Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, as is extraparochial; and certain Parts of Magpie Alley and Blossom Street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the said County; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

78. An Act for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex.

79. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Northampton; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstruction and Annoyances therein.

80. An Act for widening and improving a certain Avenue called Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spital-Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for paving Dirty Lane, and also the East Side of Petticoat Lane, from Whitechapel High Street to Wentworth Street; the said Avenue called Wentworth Street; from thence in one continued Line through Old Montague Street, Chapel Street, and Princes Row to Baker's Row inclusive, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the same; and for removing all Obstructions and Incroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

81. An Act for continuing the Terms and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the Eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford over Botley Causeway, to Fifield, in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, the Twenty eight Year of His late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Hortley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Percy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland.

84. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Several Acts for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hudley to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and also Canewood Lane leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and the Road beginning at Barnet Blockhouse and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid.

85. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York.

86. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City, of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for making a Road of Communication from the said Road between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present Turnpike Road from Newport aforesaid to Eccleshall, in the County of Stafford.

87. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop.

89. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop, and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the said County.

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Endfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford.

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stoken Church, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enslow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge; and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said County.

92. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Ealingwould, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for repealing certain Parts of Three several Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the field County.

95. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering and keeping in Repair the Roads from Whistle Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset; and from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; and from a Place called Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Beamister; and from Bugler's Corner in the Town of Beamister, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe; and from Upsydling Ease Leaze, to the Town of Corne Abbas; and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset.

96. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty Second Year of the Reign of the late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County.

97. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair Several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing Two Acts, one of the Twenty fifth Year of His late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several other Roads adjoining thereto.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond; and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

100. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, amending and widening the several Roads leading from the Red Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several other Roads adjoining thereto.

101. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, so far as the same relates to the Roads therein called The Ivelchester Turnpike Roads.

102. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from the Stone Pillar to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Gloucester.

104. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Donnington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln.

105. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also one other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act.

106. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Fourth Year of King George the First, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton.

107. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Wilton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland.

108. An Act for continuing and amending an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hill, over Skelton and Castle Sowerby Pastures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road, upon Castle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket otherwise Hesket Newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said County.

109. An Act to impower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Hem Heath, in the same County.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford to Andrew's Cross, and to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the County of Sussex.

111. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine; and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the Top of Trap Hill; and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County of Salop; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several other Roads, branching out of the Roads comprised in the said Act.

112. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Post in Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton, to Wetford Bridge, in the said County; and for repealing several Acts made in the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty third Years of His late Majesty, relating to the said Roads.

113. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing, amending and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland.

114. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville; and also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

115. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle), upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

116. An Act for altering, repairing, and widening, tha Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 18 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Earl Nugent, and the Right Honourable Charles Townshend, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Cantley, Brampton, Bessacarr and High Ellars, within the several Manors of Brampton and Bessacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Francis Popham.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Meyer and Christopher Henry Martens.

5. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent (Part of the Estates devised and settled by the Will of John Thoyts, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to Sir Samson Gideon Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the like Uses and Trust, in the said Will.

6. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Common Grounds within the Parish of Bulwick, in the County of Northampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands in the Liberties of Kimcoate and Walton, in the Parishes of Kimcoate and Knaptoft, in the County of Leicester.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Titchmarsh, in the County of Northampton.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and waste Grounds in the Parish, Lordship and Liberty of Sapcote, in the County of Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of Northampton.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Rushden, in the County of Northampton.

12. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs and Commonable Grounds in the Hamlet or Tithing of Bookampton in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures or Waste Grounds, in the Manor of North Dalton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, and Common or Waste Land in the Lordship of Long Whatton, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for regulating the stocking of a certain Piece of inclosed Pasture Ground, called Nazeing Wood, or Nazeing Park, in the Manor and Parish of Nazeing, in the County of Essex, and for keeping the Fences thereof in Repair.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Clifton upon Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Brislington otherwise Busleton Common, in the Parish of Brislington otherwise Busleton, in the County of Somerset.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Lathom and Skelmersdale, in the Parish of Ormskirk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Isham, in the County of Northampton.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Common Pastures within the Lordship or Parish of Castle Donnington, in the County of Leicester.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts.

22. An Act to enable Walter James Head Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for enabling Charles Wyndham Esquire (now called Charles Edwin) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Edwin only.

24. An Act for naturalizing David Henry De Beanne.

25. An Act for naturalizing Hans Arswidsson.

26. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Loudonsack.

27. An Act for naturalizing Henry Wilckens.

28. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Deane and Jacob Gottfried Hippins.

29. An Act for naturalizing James Cazenove.

30. An Act for naturalizing Francis Long.

31. An Act for naturalizing Antoine Bazin.

32. An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury to enfranchise and grant a small Parcel of Glebe and Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and also to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his Successors, to build a Parsonage House on Part of the said Glebe and Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Charles Howard Esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl, in the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland and Surrey, subject to certain Charges affecting the same.

34. An Act for vesting the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estates of Henry Perryn Browne Esquire, in the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom for making a Recompence to Sir Richard Perryn, his Father, for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, to the Office of Master of Baliol College, in Oxford.

36. An Act for establishing an Agreement, for discharging the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Leicester, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Laughton, from the Payment of Tithes, or any Modus or Rate for Tithe; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, as a Compensation for the said Tithes, and in lieu thereof.

37. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands or Grounds, in the Tithing of Ogbourn Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures and Common Grounds within the Parish of Kegworth, in the County of Leicester.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Harpole, in the County of Northampton.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Common in the Lordship of Earl Shilton, in the County of Leicester.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands in the Tithings of Frampton and Hayley, in the Parish of Sapperton, in the County of Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Braybrooke, in the County of Northampton.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures and Moors within the Parishes of Thimbleby and Edlington, in the County of Lincoln.

44. An Act for assigning certain Open and Inclosed Lands, and Rights of Common, within the Manor of Ripley, in the County of York, pursuant to an Agreement entered into between the Trustees of John Ingilby Esquire, a Minor, and Walter Vavasour Esquire, Thomas Grimston, and Elizabeth Eteson; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the consolidated Parishes of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington Saint Mary, in the County of Gloucester; and for taking down the Rectory Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parishes.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Township and Liberties of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds called Shuckburgh Fields, in the County of Warwick.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marston, in the County of Bucks.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called North Myms Common or Wood, in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hertford.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the Parish of Patney, in the County of Wilts.

51. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons Waste Lands within the Parish of Tacolneston, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Hackthorne, in the County of Lincoln.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Manor and Hamlet of Cow Honeyborn otherwise Chapel Honeyborn, in the County of Gloucester.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Glusburn Moor, within the Manor of Glusburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

55. An Act for vesting the several yearly Rents and Copyhold Fines, payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and issuing out of the several Messuages, Lands and Tenements within the Manor of Howden, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to enfranchise the several Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands and Tenements within the said Manor; and for applying the Money arising from such Sale and Enfranchisement in the manner therein mentioned.

56. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement, made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham, and General Cuthbert Ellison, for the Partition and Division of a Tract of unimproved Land, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Partition and Division made in pursuance thereof.

57. An Act to enable John Arthur Worsop (heretofore called John Arthur Esquire) to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry, on the Terms therein mentioned.

58. An Act to empower John Bond Merchant, and Sarah his Wife, or the Survivor of them, during their respective Lives, to grant Leases of their settled Estate, in the County of Surrey.

59. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Bullock Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge an Incumbrance thereon, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

60. An Act for exemplifying or enrolling the Will of George late Lord Bingley deceased, and making such Exemplification, or attested Copies of the Inrolment thereof, Evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish and Manor of Hitcham, in the County of Buckingham.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the Manor and Tithing of Coate, in the Parish of Bishop's Cannings, in the County of Wilts.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Barby, in the County of Northampton.

65. An Act for confirming a Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields, Common Meadows and Common Pastures within the Parish of Little Berkford, in the County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Township of Kersall, in the Parish of Kneesall, and County of Nottingham.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the County of Gloucester, and several small Parcels of the said Fields which extend into the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County.

68. An Act for confirming, establishing and making effectual certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into for inclosing and dividing the several Commons called Ealing Common, Ealing Green and Cooks Hill, in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks, and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish and Liberties of Napton upon the Hill, in the County of Warwick.

70. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De Bruges.

71. An Act to enable the Honourable Temple Simon Luttrell to make a Jointure upon his intended Wife out of his settled Estate; and for making a Provision, by way of Equivalent, in lieu thereof.

72. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hooke Campbell Esquire, with Elizabeth Eustacia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Byfield and Westrup, in the Parish of Byfield, in the County of Northampton.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Fenny Compton, in the County of Warwick.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Westhay Moor, within the Parish of Mear, in the County of Somerset.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and Common Meadows within the Parish of Hanslop, in the County of Buckingham.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence and Saint Andrew, in or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, some or one of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Floore otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton.

79. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Sutton deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting certain Lands in the said Sir Richard Sutton, in Easthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, in the Archbishop of York and his Successors, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for the Mansion House, Park and Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Meadow, in the said County of Nottingham, now held by the said Sir Richard Sutton upon Lease for Lives; and for vesting the same, together with other Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu of the said settled Estates.

80. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by Sir James Wright Baronet, for Sale of the Manor of Husborne Tarrant, and several Woodlands and Hereditaments in the County of Southampton, to Joseph Portal Esquire; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

81. An Act to enable the Reverend Richard Harrington, and the Receiver for the time being of the Estates of Arthur Champernowne Esquire, an Infant, to grant Leases and Setts of the same Estates during his Minority.

82. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Anthony Deane the younger, Esquire, in the County of Worcester, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, together with other Monies therein mentioned, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein expressed.

83. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Henry Martin Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Elton, in the County of Huntingdon, in Trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

84. An Act to authorise Sir Lawrence Dundas Baronet, and the several other Persons therein named, to insert in a Deed of Disposition and Conveyance of Lands and Hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled by Articles made previous to the Marriage of Thomas Dundas Esquire, with Lady Charlotte his Wife, the like Power of Exchange, as is contained in the Settlement made previous to the said Marriage, of certain Estates of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas, in England.

85. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estates of Shawfield and others, in the Counties of Lanark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shawfield, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same.

86. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett the younger, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed in Exchange for other Estates of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

87. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields in the Manor and Parish of Gratley, in the County of Southampton.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Otley, and Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Fourstones Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

90. An Act for dividing, inclosing and preserving a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Ollerton, in the Parish of Edwinstow, in the County of Nottingham.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bolsterstone, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of Bolsover, in the Parishes of Bolsover and Clown, in the County of Derby.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common and Waste Ground within the Township of Dinnington, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bolnhurst, in the County of Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient Inclosures, within the said Manor and Parish, from the Payment of Tithes.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Ruskington, in the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Northowram, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds of and within the Parish of Maidford, in the County of Northampton.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and within the Parish and Liberties of Wooton, in the County of Northampton.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Ground and Waste Grounds within the Manors or Lordships of Rouslench and Radford, in the Parish of Rouslench, in the County of Worcester.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, with Dame Annabella Blake, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with Mary, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Christopher Degen, with Catherine Furlong, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

105. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin Esquire, with Mary, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

106. An Act to enable Edmund Hartopp (lately called Edmund Bunney) Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body by Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Hartopp.

107. An Act for naturalizing Court Henry Dirs.

108. An Act for naturalizing Phillippe Besnard.

109. An Act concerning certain Estates heretofore of Francis Keck Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Oxford and Wilts; that is to say, for vesting such Part thereof which hath been sold under a Decree and subsequent Order of the Court of Chancery, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same; and for carrying into Execution an Agreement concerning other Parts of such Estates; and for confirming and carrying into Execution a Partition made, pursuant to the said Decree and subsequent Order, of so much of the said Estates as remain unsold; and for vesting Part of such Estates in Diana Mary Barker, and her Heirs, subject to the Trusts in the Will of Francis Baber Esquire, deceased, and the Residue in Trustees, to be sold; and for directing the Application of the Money which shall arise by such Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

110. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Parish of Crayford, in the County of Kent, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Shovel Blackwood and Sarah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned; and also for vesting certain other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Norborn, Betshanger, Ham, Sholdon and Poultons, in the said County of Kent, called Poulton Farm, and West Street, and Park Gate Farm, entailed upon the Issue Male of the said Shovel Blackwood, in other Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned.

111. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands and Tenements in the County of Surrey, settled in and by the Will of Thomas Bridges Esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and draining certain Moors or Pieces of Waste Land within the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Benedict, in Glastonbury, in the County of Somerset.

113. An Act to enable James Rumball, now called James Quilter, his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Armour of Quilter, in pursuance of the Will of James Quilter Esquire, deceased.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Octavo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twentieth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; being the fourth Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

[Further continued till Jan. 1. 1779.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

4s.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. V.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[From the passing

That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, ofthb Aftiui and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- juu

nine, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the by

Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Throe-fourth* Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain^ or Foreign Sen-of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, nw,u so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at anyone Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that One-fourth

174 C. 7. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

This Act not to restrain any Royal Proclamation to be made pursuant to an Act 13 Geo. II.

Preamble.

Trustees.

Penalty on acting if AOt qualified,

Division of the County into two Districts.

Meetings of Trustees.

Five Trustees may adjourn, &c.

Proviso relating lo Adj urn-

mejiia.

Trustees in each

District to be forn;ftie<i wi:h the Valuation of each Parish; and shall make up exact Lift* of the Valuation of

veiy PcfTtliion of Land 3

fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, fayed and excepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation )9 or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away1 or redrain the Efieft of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to ferue in his Majestys Ships of Wary and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Privateers).

CAP. VII.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigton.

WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services and Work, and Monies, which are thereby authorised to be exacted and levied, have been found by Experience inefficient to amend, keep in Repair, and make the Roads and Bridges necessary within the County of Wigton, and that other and further Powers are requisite to be given to the Heritors and Justices of the Peace of the said County, effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution; and as this cannot be obtained without the Aid of Parliament;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who is at present, or hereafter shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, asr Proprietor or Life-renter, of Lands lying within the said County of Wigton, as valued in the 1 ax-roll or Valuation Books for the said County, to the Extent of one hundred Pounds Scots per Annum; and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons, being Heirs of said Property, and also the Sheriff-depute of the said County for the Time being, and the chief residing Magistrate of every Royal Borough within the said County, during his Magistracy only, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees and Commissioners for making, repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the Highways, Roads, and Bridges within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by this Act to them given and granted.

II. Provided always, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall presume to act as a Trustee, every such Person shall, for such acting, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution; to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff-depute of the said County, or his Substitute, which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, to be by them applied for repairing the said Roads; and in case any such Complaint shall be made, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

III. And, for the more eafv and effectual Execution of this Act, and of the Powers herein after granted,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said County be divided into two Districts; one District to consist of the several Parishes within the said County in the Presbytery of Wigton, and the other District to consist of the other Parishes within the said County in the Presbytery of Stranraer; and the aforesaid Trtiftees or Commissioners shall hold their first Meeting in the Town-hall of Wigton^ the second Tuesday of June next at Mid-day, in order to concert and give the properest Instructions for carrying this Act into Execution; and thereafter the said Trustees or Commissioners, within the District in which their Lands respectively do lie, or any five or more of them, shall annually hold a Meeting at Wigton the first Tuesday of October^ and at Stranraer the first Friday of October, at Mid-day, declaring five Trustees by this Act to be a Quorum, with Power to them, or the Majority of those present, at said fixed (or other District) Meetings, to adjourn to such other Times and Places within each District respectively as they may judge proper, and with Power also to choose a Prefes and Clerk, and to make such Appointments and give such Directions as to them the Trustees for each District separately shall seem proper; and the said Trustees or Commissioners shall have Power to act in any one of the said Dill rifts, whether redding therein or not, provided they have the Qualification therein required by this Act; and the said Trustees shall at all their different Meetings pay and defray their own Expences.

IV. Provided always, That where the Number present at the said fixed District Meetings, or other Meetings called or appointed by Adjournment, shall not amount to five Trustees, and that three Trustees present shall think fit to adjourn the Meeting, then, and in that Case, ten Days previous Notice of the Day and Purpose of the adjourned Meeting (which shall be to the same Place) shall be given in Manner herein after mentioned: And provided also, that any three Trustees may, at any Time, call a District: Meeting upon ten Days Notice thereof, and of the Purpose and Business of such Meeting, and the Clerk shall, in such cases, always intimate by circular Letters, to the Trustees residentin the District for which the Meeting is called, the Day and Purpose of such Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at their said first Meeting, the second Tuesday of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or at any subsequent District Meetings, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to call for Copies or Extracts of the Tax Roll, or Valuation Lift of the Lands, in the several Parishes within each of the said two Districts, and which Copies and Extracts, duly attested, the Collector of the Land Tax in the said County is hereby directed to furnifti them wiih; and therefrom the said Trustees shall make, for the sole Use and Purpose of this Act, exact Lists of the valued Rent of every Person’s Foiieffon in

Truflres to appoint Officer*.

Penalty on Defaulters.

---

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7. 175

every Parish within the said two Districts severally, whether the same be occupied by the Owners or by Tenants; and in case two or more Possessions shall stand valued in cumulo, or together, the said Trustees shall call the Proprietor, or his Factor, to give in a Division of said Cumulo Valuation, proportional among the different Possessions, which State shall be subject to the Revisal of the Meeting; or in case of Neglect, they shall by an Inquiry into the Proportion that the different Possessions bear to each other, divide the total Valuation of the Whole, so valued in cumulo, proportionably among the Parts, and thereby ascertain and fix the Composition in Money for Statute Services and Labour, to be required from every Occupier of Land, as herein after mentioned:

[and of Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, &c.]

---

And also exact Lifts shall be made up of all Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, and the Number of Horses kept by each Person: And likewise exact Lifts shall be made up of all Persons whatever chargeable with Statute Labour, as herein after mentioned: And the said Lifts shall be made for every Parish respectively* within the two Districts aforesaid, and shall be from Time to Time revised and altered as a Change of Persons and Circumstances may require: And also the said Trustees may and shall appoint fit Persons to be their Clerks, Collectors, Cashiers, or other Officers, during their Pleasure, with reasonable Allowances for their Care and Pains, such Allowances for the whole Officers not exceeding five ter Centum of the whole Money levied; and such Collectors and Cashiers shall find Security for their good behaviour and faithful accounting, and shall account every six Months, oroftener, if required by any five Trustees upon Oath before two Justices of the Peace of the said County:

And in case any such Collector, or Cashier, shall, after ten Days Notice given him for that Purpose, under the Hands of any five or more Trustees, refuse to give in such Account or Accounts, and to swear to the Truth thereof, or shall refuse to pay the Balance due thereon to the Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees to receive the same, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace for the said County or District to commit the Offender to the County GaoJ, there to remain until such Account shall be fully paid and satisfied, or until he shall be liberated therefrom in due Course of Law.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees for each of the respective Districts shall enter their Proceedings, and an exact Account of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and of the Application of it, in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, which all Heritors of the said County shall have Liberty to inspect gratis.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who by Law are chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads by Statute Service, shall still remain chargeable in so far as to be compelled by the Trustees or Commissioners to pay a Conversion in Money, as is by this Act declared.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons inlhe actual Possession of their own Lands, are and shall be deemed chargeable in the same Manner as Tenants who occupy Lands, and that all Carters and Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, shall pay a Competition for themselves* and for such labouring Horse or Horses as shall be employed by them respectively, as herein after mentioned; and that all Householders, Cottagers, Labourers, and Tradesmen, and their Servants and Journeymen (Apprentices only excepted), shall pay a Composition in Lieu thereof, as by this Act is herein after directed.

IX. Provided, That no Servants hired by the Year, or Half-year, nor Cottars who work as Servants by the Year and whose Mailers shall be subjected to pay a Composition for the Land wherein such Servants and Cottars reside, or other labouring People hired by the Tenant x>r Proprietor by the Year, shall be liable in any Composition in place of Statute Service.

X. And whereas it hath generally been found that a reasonable Composition in Money, in place of Labour, is more useful and effectual for the Purpose of repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable by Law in Statute Services, than their being called out and obliged to perform the actual Service required by the Laws now in Force relative to Highways be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person chargeable to such Statute Services, shall hereafter, in Lieu thereof, pay such a Conversion in Money or Composition for the same, as shall be fixed by the Trustees of each District at their said Annual Meetings respectively, not exceeding the Rates following; (that is to say) All Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors or Tenants, shall be liable to pay yearly a Composition in Money for the Lands occupied by them respectively, by the valued Rent of such Land, not exceeding fifteen Shillings Sterling for each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; but the Tenant in Lands now let for Pasture only, shall be entitled to a Deduction from his Rent of the Composition Money paid by him for his Possession of the said Pasture Lands* which the Heritor or Landlord shall allow* and be burthened with: And all Carters* Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, shall* by way of Composition for Statute Service* pay at the Rate to be fixed as aforesaid, not exceeding Ten-pence Sterling per Day for each Horse, and Five-pence Sterling for each Man per Day.

Provided always, That so far as the said Carter*, Carriers* and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Prorlfo.

Labour* shall lent any Lands and be a defied in the Quality of Tenants for the Lands occupied by them respectively, they shall be entitled to a Deduction out of such Assessment to the Extent of the Rate or Composition to which they are hereby made subject in respect of I heir Hoifes* and die Composition to be demanded and exacted from Householders: And all the before-mentioned Pei foils in the same Class chargeable with Statute Services, shall be at the Rate to be fixed as aforesaid, not exceeding Five-pence Sterling per Day for each of the six Days Labour: And the Whole of the aforesaid Sums shall be paid, by equal Moieties* on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June and the twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to a Colirftor or Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees and who are to keep an exact A.ccount of the Money so collected* and shall be allowed a suitable Gratification for their Trouble.

XI. And also be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector of the Land Tax, or Cess, CorwHVn Moot each Royal Borough in the said County for the Time being* shall be annually bound to collect the n*y»« Rwi

A a 2 Conversion Boroo*h‘10

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Those liable in Statute Service, to pay Conversion Money.

What Persont are chargeable therewith.

Provide.

The Statute Labour of the County to be converted into Money,

176

collected by tht CoUeltor* of tke Lmd Tu

»ho shall be allowed 5 pet Cent*

Exemption of iriUigr&t Person*.

If Coo vet Hon be not duly paid, it may be levied by Distrcis.

Persont apgrev* od shall receive Treble Damage*,

Arc.

Every loot. Bcots to pay t a. 10 d. Stealing towards building, See, of Bridges.

Trusteot empowered to borrow on the Convection Money of each PariA, not exceeding three Years Income} and to atiign the Convertior.a as a Security.

Sscumios to be entered in a Book.

Trusteea empowered to make Dr tins, Bridges, ScQ,

anl to widen or

Brjighten the

Beads.

C. 7. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Conversion Money of the Statute Work of the Inhabitants and others redding within such Royal Borough, in case he shall be desired or required so to do by the Trustees or Commissioners of the District, at their drft annual or any after Meeting, and shall be bound to account for and pay unto the said Trustees, or any Person empowered by them, the Monies he shall so collect and receive, after Deduction of five Pounds per Centum of the Sums so collected to be allowed him for his Trouble; and that under the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling, to be paid by such Collector, to the Trustees or Commissioners of the District, for every such Offence in refudng or neglecting so to do, which Penalty shall be levied and recovered in Manner herein after directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for a Quorum of the said Trustees to exempt and free from Payment of any Composition for Statute Work, all such Persons as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, and unable to pay for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse, on or before the said respective Days, to pay the aforesaid Conversion when required, then it shall be lawful for the Sheriff depute, or any two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, to grant summary' Warrants for poinding the Effects of the Defaulter for Payment of the converted Values before-mentioned, and One-third Part more, besides the Expence of Execution; which Warrants shall be granted, and the Sheriff and Justices aforesaid are hereby required to grant the same, upon an Application made by the Collector, and an Attestation signed by him, bearing that the Persons complained of had been deficient in paying the Conversion before-mentioned.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That the Sheriff-depute, or the Justices of the Peace aforesaid, or any two or more of them, shall award Damages to the Treblo Value to be paid to the Persons aggrieved by such Warrant or Warrants by the Collector, if they shall find a false and improper Accusation has occasioned the said Warrant and Distress: And in case the Collector shall fail to exact the aforesaid Conversions, he shall be liable, and, by Sentence of one or more of the said Judges, be subjected to pay Treble the Conversion Money so omitted to be exacted by him.

XV. And whereas it his been (bund by Experience, from the great Number of Roads and Bridges, and the daily Increase of Carriages, within the said County of frtgton, that the Sum of ten Shilling* 4 Scots upon each hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised to be levied by the (ixtieth Act of the second Parliament of King Charles the Second, has been inefficient for keeping the said Roads and Bridges in Repair, and for making such others as may be deemed necessary; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Supply for the said County, or the Majority of those present at the Annual Meeting appointed by the LandT ax Act, or any other adjourned or General Meeting in Time coming, to assess the whole County to the Extent of twenty-two Shillings Scots, or one Shilling and Ten-pence Sterling, upon every one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent yearly, to be levied by the Collector of Supply at the same Time with the Land Tax of the said County, and applied towards building, making, repairing, and upholding: the Bridges, and repairing the Roads, in the said County, where the Commissioners shall direct*

XVI. And, for the more speedy Reparation of the said High Roads within the said County, or any particular Parts of the same that may be deemed necessary, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for the Trustees of each of the said Districts, at any General fixed Annual Meeting, two Thirds of the Heritors in the Parish requesting it, upon the Credit of the Conversions or Sums by this Act appointed to be paid for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money that from Time to Time shall be deemed necessary for repairing the said Highways (so as the same do not in all, at any one Time, exceed three Years gross Income of the Duties arising from tho Parish for which the same is to be borrowed), and to assign the said Conversions and Sums (b appointed to be paid, or any Part thereof, for such a Term of Years as shall be necessary to repay the Sum or Sums that shall be so borrowed, with Interest for the same till Repayment thereof 5 provided that such Sum of Sums so to be borrowed shall be expended within the particular Parish upon which the Assignment to the* Conversion is granted; and that the Conversions or Funds of no other Parish, nor of the County at large, shall be liable for such Debt so borrowed by any particular Parish: And the said Trustees are hereby di* rested to enter Copies of all such Securities, and the Alignments thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, declaring however that no Money shall be determined to be borrowed, or the Con-verf&on Money fixed in any of the Districts heightened or lowered, unless that a Letter from three of the Trustees to the Clerk of the District, intimating that it is their intention to apply to the General Annual Meeting for some of those Purposes, shall be lodged with him two Calendar Months previous to the said Meeting, upon which Letter the Clerk shall mark the Day he received it, and immediately write circular Letters to the Trustees of the District, intimating his having received such Letter, and the Purport of it.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or Commissioners in the respective Districts, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered to make or cause to be made the said Roads in the best Manner they may judge suitable, and to cut and make Drains through any Ground lying contiguous to the Roads, and to make and erect Arches and Bridges of Stones, Brick, or Timber, upon the said Roads, and to pull down any old Bridges that areufeleis and unnecessary by the Roads being turned about, or otherways, and apply the Materials to the building of new Arches, or for repairing the said Roads, as they shall see proper: And also, where they find any Part of the said Roads are not of sufficient Breadth, they are hereby empowered to widen and extend the same to a Breadth not exceeding ten Yards 5 and if they find it proper for (bortening the Roads, or for making them more accessible and convenient, they shall, and they are hereby empowered to alter the Situation of the same accordingly*.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7. 177

XVIII. Provided, That in all such Alterations and widening of Roads the said Trustees shall, in-every Ml.

Particular, follow the Method prescribed in the General Act of the eleventh of George the Third, for widening of Roads in Scotland, excepting as in so far varied or altered by this Act 5 and the said Trustees, TmAiietmay or any such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, take, and carry away. Gravel, take Material* Furze, Heath, Stones, or other such like Materials, out of the several Grounds of any Persons where Ground*1* such Materials may be found, not dug or raised by the Proprietor, or others authorised by him, for his or u

their own private Use, for repairing, amending, and making said Roads, or for building Arches and

Bridges as aforesaid, and to open convenient Accedes for carrying off the said Materials, which Accesses,» and the Places from which the said Materials art proposed to oe taken, must be marked out by three Trustees, if so required by the Owner, or his or her Factor, or by the Occupier, paying reasonable Da- kinfS*ttf» mages to the Owners or Occupiers of the Grounds respectively from which such Materials shall be taken, or over which the same may be carried: But if the Owner or Occupier shall not be satisfied with the Damages offered by the Trustees, Application may be made to the Sheriff to have the same ascertained by a Jury, in the same Manner as prescribed in the aforesaid Act of the eleventh of George the Thirds

XIX. And also, as an easy Access to Water-carriage and to the Sea may tend much to the Improve- RoM* may b* rnent of Agriculture and Commerce, be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said mmdc loth* Trustees, at their General Annual Meeting in each District, three Months previous Notice being given

to the Proprietors, to order Roads to be made in the nearest and most convenient Direction from the great

Roads, not only to the different Ports or Places mentioned in the Book of Rates within the said County,

but also to the following Places; viz. at or near Carty upon the River Cree in Bar> the South-west Corner

of Maitland, on the North Side of the River Bladonoch, at, contiguous to, or immediately below, the

Port or Flace now used for landing of Shells, Lime, or other Goods, Port Errocb Bay, the Foot of the

Burn of Killantrae (now Port William), Auckin Malebay, Kilfillan Burnfooty Pollantan Burn, Sand Head

of Baleregany i fles of Killezer, Balgounbay, Curgbie-bayt East and West Tarberts, Clouyard-bay, Ardwel-

bay, Part of Spittall Portlongy Portmore, Clachan Burnfooty SoUburn, ClayboUy and Innermejfany the Pro- on payiof D*

prietors being previously paid the Value, not only, of the Ground taken up by such new Roads, and by oooogm*

fbe Fences that may be made along the Sides of the same, with the Expence of said Fences, and also of the Ground necessary for a Landing-place whereon to lay out Lime, Shells, Coals, or other Goods, with the Expence of fencing off the same; and which Ground for a Landing-place shall not exceed one Acre*

but also the Proprietors or Occupiers being paid all Damages arising from the said new Roads and Ports;.

And for ascertaining and fixing the Value and Damages aforesaid, the same Mode is hereby required to be followed that is prescribed by the Act of the eleventh of George the Third, for determining the Valuer and Damage arising from breadthening Roads to thirty Feet.

XX. Provided always, That in altering, ^widening, or making the Roads aforesaid, or in digging or Ho®fc*, Gaj*i* taking away the aforesaid Materials^ nothing shall be done that may any way prejudice any Hottfeor Build- *c:

Ing, or any Garden, Orchard, or planted Walk, or any Avenue to any Ffoufe, or any Piece or Parcel of Niclosed Ground which, before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven*. has been set apart and used as a Plantation for Trees.

XXI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have or shall in Time Proprietor* coming be made along the Side of any of the Highways or Roads in the said County, by the Proprietors Mitch* to r Occupiers of the Ground, then they shall be hound to keep those Ditches properly scoured, and not allow Water to stagnate therein; and in case of their failing so to do, after ten Days Notice previously given, the Overseers of the said Roads, being so ordered by any Trustee, may and are hereby authorised to order them to be cleansed, opened, and scoured, at the Cost and Expence of the Occupiers or Pofteflors-of the Ground through which these Ditches are made; and upon their refusing Payment of the Expence thereby incurred, it mall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, the Sheriff-deputc or his Substitutes, to levy such Expence by Distress and Sale in the same Manner as ia-directed for levying the Composition Money aforesaid: And where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages* Drrio* to bor across any Roads, for the Conveniency of the Occupier of the Ground through which it pafles, shall be wni. made, the Occupier shall always cover the Drains along the Sides of the Roads with sufficient Stones, in* such a Manner as that the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, and the Road thereby prejudiced; and also, if any Occupier of Land shall conduct any Water across the Road for the meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, he shall be obliged to carry the same across the Road in a covered Drain, so deep and so sufficiently constructed as that the Water may never break out and prejudice find Road.

XXII. And, for preventing Annoyances in all or any of the said Roads,* be it enacted, That every: No Annoyance* Person. in plowing any Field contiguous to any of the Roads, shall always make Head-ridges along the ,ai<* oath* Side or the said Road, which in whole or together shall be twenty-four Feet in Breadth at least *y and that Ro*dl-' do Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber, Stones, Lime, Dung, Soil, Compost, A foes, Rub-biQi, or other Matter, upon any of the said Roads, or in the Trenches or Drains along the Sides of the same, excepting Material for inclosing of Grounds adjoining to the said Roads, which nevertheless shall be so laid down as not to interrupt a free and easy Passage for two Carriages; nor in making any covered DireOfons for or arched Passage or Drain for Water across any Road, mail a safe and easy Passage along one Half of the nuking Drain*. Road be any way obstructed, either by breaking the Road or laying down Materials, but the said covered Drain or Passage shall be made across one Half of the Road, and completely fintshed before the other Half shall be opened, and the Whole shall, if practicable, be completed in the Course of one Day, or the open Part and the Materials for executing it so well fenced off, that Passengers in the Dark, may suffer Ho Injury j which Precautions and Manner of executing covered Drains as aforesaid, shall be strictly ob-fenred by all Conkaftoie or others* employed in making or rtpairiAgef (hr said RoadsAnd ail and every

Bcrlons

178

Penalty on Of*

fenders.

Penalty on dragging Timber, &c. on the Roads*

Roada to be jnetfured, and

Mile-stones

cte&ed.

Penalty on defacing the m* or breaking down the Parapet Walla ot Bridges, dec*

Diflri& Meetings may appoint Committee* for executing particular Parts.

Conversion Mosey to be applied within the Pari fli, in the first place*

a

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Scf-

C. 7. Anno decimo octavo Georgi 1 III. A.D. 1778.

Person so offending shall not only forfeit the Materials so laid down, but also the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein after directed, one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, the other Half to be applied for malting or repairing the said Roads.

XXIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be drawn or hauled, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Iron, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel-carriage, or shall suffer any Tree, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon a Wheel-carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed.

XXIV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, at their General Annual Meetings in the respective Di(lri£b, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be erected on the Side thereof, denoting the Distance at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; and also to order or cause to be erected GuiJe-posts upon such Parts of the Roads where the same are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper: And if any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface any such Mile-stones or Guide-posts set up by Order of the Trustees, or shall break down the Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made, as herein directed, or shall be aiding and assisting to any of these Offences, or refeue or attempt to refeue any Person apprehended for having been guilty of any of them, every Person so offending in any of the Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff-depute of the County, or before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, shall not only be condemned to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings Sterling; and fora second Offence shall, besides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than two Pounds Sterling.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at their General Meetings of the said several Districts, to fix and ascertain the particular Roads in every Parish to be repaired, and to proportion and appropriate the Money levied in the Parish, to each of the said Roads, and to appoint Committees of their own Number, for overseeing, directing, and carrying on the making or Reparation of such of the Roads and Bridges as shall be committed to their Charge.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That the Conversion Money collected for Statute Labour in each Parish shall be applied, in the first place, in making and repairing the Roads therein, and afterwards, in the next place, shall be applicable to the Roads leading from that Parish through the adjoining Parishes, and thereafter only to such other Roads in the District, as, in either of these two cases, a Majority of the Trustees in such Parish shall approve of: And the said Trustees of any of the said Districts, at their Annual General Meeting aforesaid* may, after the Roads in one Parish, and from it, are completed, diminifti and let down the Conversion Money aforesaid in such Parish, to such Rates as they may judge sufficient for keeping the said Roads in constant good Repair, and for making or repairing others that may appear necessary* Provided always, Any Debt previously contracted by such Parish, shall be fully extinguished*

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted or authorised to be imposed in relation to any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, the Manner of levving and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offence, before two or more of the Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-depute of the same County, either by the Confession of the Party, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justices (which Warrant is hereby authorised and required to be granted, and Oaths to be administered, gratis) \ such Sale being always made by public Auction to the highest Offerer at such Places as shall be directed in the same Warrant, within three Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale (after such Penalties are recovered, and the Charges thereof dedudedj shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures shall be immediately paid to the said Trustees or their Collectors for the Time being, ^nd shall be laid out and applied in repairing of such of the Roads upon, or in respect whereof, such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred: And in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeitures and Penalties shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-depute of the said County, together with one other Justice, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall consider himself aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, Sentence or Judgment, with respectt to any of the Matters or Things by this Act referred to the Determination of the said Trustees, Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-depute and his Substitutes, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal or apply for Redress to the Justices of the Peace for the said County in their then nexfc Quarter Sessions (giving fourteen Days previous Notice to the Parties interested or complained of); but in case there should not be fourteen Days 10 the next Quarter SeiAons, then such Person or Persons shall be at

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 8—-11. 179

Liberty to appeal to the Justices at their next subsequent Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the Matters in Dispute, and whose Judgment therein shall be final and "*u conclusive.

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall be no Objection to any Person aftinjg as a Justice of the Peace Trafteramay in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is thereby appointed a Trustee, excepting when a Justicei. Complaint shall be against him personally, and in that Case he shall not fit or aft as a Justice of the Peace.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions or Complaints for sail Limitation of and every the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrong done, or Injury suffered in AOiona. any Matter relative thereto, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of passing this Act, as (settled Expenses #f this and allowed at the first Meeting of the said Trustees appointed to put this Act into Execution, shall be

defrayed and levied by a Tax upon the Heritors or Land-owners within the said County of WigUn, according to the Valuation of their respective Lands, and to be coll eft ed by the Collector or the Land Tax,

or any other Person appointed by the General Meeting of the Trustees aforesaid for the said County.

And it is especially provided and declared, that no Trustees shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

[Public Act.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a public Act; and all Judges and Justices, and others, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a licensed Theatre or Playhouse is desired in the City of Bristol:* May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament;

ttert Patent for estabiiAing a Theatre at Bristol.

" and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to befent;" as relates to common Players oj Interludes)* whereby all Persons are discharged to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the Time being; be, and the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the said City of Bristol\ and that it shall and may be lawful HI# Majesty em-for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse powered to grant within the said City of Bristol, which shall be entitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is entitled and subjected*

CAP. IX.

An Act for taking down the Parifc Church of Lilford, being a Vicarage united to the Rectory of Achurch, in the County of Northampton; and for repairing the Parish Church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy’s Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snaresbrook, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. XI.

An Act for repealing an Act, pafifed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Feign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuseta Bay in New England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Province of the Massachusets Bay had for many Years been governed under a Charter, granted by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary: And whereas an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[

intituled, An Act for the better regulating Acti4 Geo. III. the Government of the Province of the Massachusets Bay in New England, has been found to create great recited,

Uneasinesses in the Minds of the Inhabitants of the said Province, and has occasioned Jealousies and Ap-*4 prehensions of Danger to their Liberties and Rights in several others of the Colonies and Plantations in North America: For quieting and extinguishing such Uneasinesses and Apprehensions,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

t8fl>

itr<S repealed.

V

BreiciHIe*

'Ko Tax t# be

jiereafter im-tpoGrd, bjr the King and Parliament of Great Britain, on any of the Colonies in North America or the West Indict) except, &c.

So much of an Act 7 Geo. III. at imposes a Duty on Tea Imported from Great Britain ‘into America, ^repealed.

[Preamble.]

His Majesty empowered to appoint five Corami flioners to treat with the Americans for Redrest of C iterances, dec.

The Regulations, dec. agreed on, not to he

G. 17, 13. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

potto), and Commons, (n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after tha passing of this Act, the said Act, of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of bi. present Majesty, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

-t

CAP. XII.

An Act for removing all Poubts and Apprehensions concerning Taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain in any of the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America and the West Indies \ and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or relates thereto.

WHEREAS axation by the Parliament of Great Britain, for the Purpose of raising a Revenue

in his Majesty's Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America, has been found by Ex* t porience to occasion great Uneasinesses and Disorders among his Majesty's faithful Subjects, who may nevertheless be <iifpoied to acknowledge the Justice of contributing to the common Defence of the Empire, provided such Contribution should be raised under the Authority of the General Court, or General Assembly, of each respective Colony, Province, or Plantation: And whereas, in order as well to remove the said Uneasinesses, and to quiet the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects who may be disposed to return to their Allegiance, as to restore the Peace and Welfare of all his Majesty's Dominions, it i* 4 expedient to declare that the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not impose any Duty, Tax, or Assessment, for the Purpose of raising a Revenue in any of the Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations :* May it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; And it is hereby declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not impose any Duty, Tax, or Assessment whatever, payable in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Provinces, and Plan* Cations in North America or the West Indies \ except only such Duties as it may be expedient to impose for the Regulation of Commerce; the net Produce of such Duties to be always paid and applied to and for the XJfe of the Colony, Province, or Plantation, in which the same shall be respectively levied, in such. Manner as other Duties collected by the Authority of the respective General Courts, or General Aflem-*blres, of such Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations, are ordinarily paid and applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act* so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for grant* inr certain Duties in the British Colonies end Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of "the said Colonies ^r Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks jpayable on China Earthen Ware extorted ft America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations; as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or has Relation to the said Duty, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners with sufficient Powers to trqaf, consult, and agree upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces of North America.

FOR the quieting and extinguishing of divers Jealousies and Apprehensions of Danger to their Liberties «nd Rights, which have alarmed many of his Majesty's Subjects in the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations of New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Caro lina, South Carolina, and Georgia; and for a full Manifestation of the just and gracious Purposes of his Majesty, and his Parliament, to maintain and secure all his Subjects in the clear and perfect Enjoyment of their Liberties and Rights;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-.sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorHe and empower five able and sufficient Persons, or any three of them, to treat, consult, and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic and Corporate, or with any Assembly or Assemblies of Men, or with any Person or Persons whatsoever, of and concerning any Grievances, or Complaints of Grievances, existing, or supposed to exist, in th,e Government of any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations respectively, or in the Laws and Statutes of this Rtalm respecting the same; and of or concerning any Aid or Contribution to be furnished by any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations respectively, for the common Defence of this Realm, and the Dominions thereunto belonging; and of and concerning any other Regulations, Provisions, Matters, and Things, necessary or convenient for the Honour of his Majesty, and nis Parliament, and for the coraimn Good of all his Subjects.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Regulation, Provision, Mit er, or Thing, so proposed, treated, consulted, or agreed, shall have any other Force or Effect, or be carried

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 14. 181

further into Execution, than is herein after mentioned and provided, until the same shall have been confirmed by Parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to facilitate the good Purposes of this Act, his Majesty may lawfully enable the said Commissioners, or any three of them, from Time to Time, to order and proclaim a Ccflation of Hostilities, on the Part cif his Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, for any Time, and under any Conditions or Restrictions; and such Order and Proclamation to revoke and annul in the same Manner and Form.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners, or any three of them, by Proclamation under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to suspend the Operation and Effect of a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth Year of the K.eign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with certain Colonies and Plantations therein named, and for

Acts of Parliaments for regulating the Trade of the Colonies or Plantations, the said Suspenuon shall take Effect; and the said Suspenuon and Proclamation, in the same Manner and Form, to annul and revoke.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners, or any three of them, to suspend, in any Places, and for any Times during the Continuance of this Act, the Operation and Effect of any Act or Acts of Parliament which have passed since the tenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and which relate to any of his Majesty* said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations in North America, so far as the same does relate to them; or the Operation and Effect of any Clause, or any Provision or Matter therein contained, so far as such Clauses, Provisions, or Matters, relate to any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to grant a Pardon or Paidon* to any Number or Description of Persons within the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations.

VII. And, that no Let or Hindrance may happen from the Vacancy of the Office of Governor and c Commander in Chief in any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations respectively, or from the Absence of such Officer from his Government,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners, or any three of them, in any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations respedhrcly, wherein his Majesty hath usually heretofore nominated and appointed a Governor, to nominate and appoint, from Time to Time, by any Inftmment under their Hands and Seals, a proper Person to be the Governor and Commander in Chief in and for any such Colony, Province, or Plantation; to have, hold, and exercise the said Office of Governor and Commander in Chief in and for such Colony or Plantation respectively, with all such Powers and Authorities as any Governor of such Province heretofore appointed by his Majesty might or could have exercised, in as full and ample Manner and Form as if fueft Governor and Commander m Chief had been nominated and appointed by his Majesty* Letters Patent qr Commission; and for that Purpose, if need be, to revoke, annul, and make void, any Commission qr Letters Patent heretofore granted for appointing any such Governor and Commander in Chief.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue to be in Force until the first Day of June$ cue thousand seven hundred and seventy*nine.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathine of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cases therein mentioned.

Where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver-general of the County is to issue four Months Pay in Advance, according to the Establishment of Pay here set down; with Half a Year*s Salary to the Regimental and Battalion Clerks; and the Allowances to the Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings; and Pay for Cloathing of the Militia. Where Pay has not been issued, no Pay to be issued till the Liord Lieutenant, or Deputies, shall have certified to the Treasury and Receivers-general the Inrolment of Three-fifths of the Men and Officers. The Money is to be paid by the Receiver-general to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion (except the Allowances to the Clerks of the Meetings) -upon producing the Warrant of his Appointment; and for Independant Companies to the respective Captains, or to their Order; according to the Establishment laid down in the Militia Act of 2 Geo. III. 44 A second Payment is also to be made within three Months after the first, and a third within three Months after the second. Receipts of the Persons to whom the Money shall be so paid to discharge the Receivers-general. The Regimental and Battalion Clerks are to pay in Advance one Month’s Pay to the Adjutant; and two Months Pay to each Captain for the Serjeants and Drummers; and for the Serjeant-major and Drum-major t\vo Months Pay to be paid to the Commanding Ollicer of the Company to which they belong. Captains to distribute the Pay accordingly, and account for the same yearly to the Clerk, or Receiver-general if an independant Company, according to the Form specified in this Act; and pay back the Surplus Monies in his Hands. On Discharge of Serjeants or Drummers as unfit for Service, no Pay to be issued till others are appointed; nor any Payment made to such as are

finally binding until confirmed by Parliament,

Commissioner* may order a Cessation of HofH-litiea by Sea or Land*

His Majesty nay empower the Commissioners to suspend, by Proclamation, the Prohibitory Act of 16 Geo. III,;

or any other Act^ or Part of an Act, relating to America, passed fiocc Fej. 10, *7«j.

His Majesty may empower the Commissionert to grant Para dons i

and to appoint Governors in those Provinces, &c. wherein his Majesty hath ofually appoint* cd them.

Coetlnnatcfi rf tha Aftr

i8a C. 15. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

discharged by the Commanding Officer, The Clerks are likewise to pay, out of the Sums allowed for contingent Expences, li.^rMan for Hospital Charges; and the Sums necessary for the Repaid of Arms, and Carriage thereof Residue to be applied for the Benefit of the Regiment, ts'c. as the Field Officers and Captains shall direct. Account of the said Sums to be made up yearly, &c. Money allowed for contingent Expences of Independant Companies to be applied and accounted for by the Captains. Clerk to retain Money in his Hands for his own Salary. When the Lord Lieutenant or Deputies shall have fixed the Days of Exercise, they are to certify the same to the Receiver-general, specifying the Number of Men, and Days they shall be absent from Home. Receiver-general to issue ct thereupon Pay for Officers and Men to the Regimental Clerk, &c. Where there shall be Independant Companies only, the Receiver-general is to issue Pay to the Captains, &c* according to the Rate here set down. Clerks to pay over the Money to the respective Captains. Captains to make up their Account according to the Form specified in this Act, which is to be signed by them, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer, and delivered, with the Balance, to the Clerk, or Receiver-general. 4‘ Accounts allowed sufficient Vouchers. During the Time the Troops are embodied, and called out into actual Service, and receive Pay as the King’s other Forces, all ray and Allowance from the Receivers-general is to cease. Receivers-general to pay the Allowances to Clerks of the General Meetings, and to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, upon producing Orders from the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants; which Orders to be a Discharge to Receivers-general. Regimental and Battalion 14 Clerk to give Security for paying and accounting for the Monies received by them; the Bonds to be lodged with the Receivers-general, and put in Suit by them, on Non-performance of the Conditions; and they are entitled thereupon to full Costs and Charges, and /. per Cent, of the Money recovered; the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor. The Regimental and Battalion Clerks, and Captains of Independant Companies, are to deliver in Accounts of their Receipts and Disbursements. Costs, &c. where to be recovered. No Fee payable for any Warrant or Sum of Money issued in pursuance of this Act. Officers on Half-pay serving in the Militia may receive the Subsistence-money payable to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns, they taking the Oath specified in this Act before a Justice. Receiver-general, upon receiving a Warrant from the Commanding Officer, certifying the Receipt of the

Cloathing, and an Order for Payment, is to pay the same accordingly. If any Regiment, (hart cease, 3 s~ per Diem is to be paid to the Adjutant from such Time to 25th March, 1779. When Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia are unfit for the Service, the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices may order a frefti Ballot. Colonel, may discharge such Militia Men who become unfit for Service before the Expiration of their Term."

Rtcifal of 16 Geo III. C^p. 5.

v

All Goods, not krin* the Growt h, fee. of Arr.euca, r othrr his Ma-j.-fty’s D.vnr-iwonr, that hive been taken, or shall be during the Continuance of the recited Act, and hroupht into Great Bri- tai'i determined by ary >hip properly 10m-muhoned, to be secured under the King’s Locks ia Warehouses, at the Iipence of

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS several Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, have been taken, and condemned as 4 y, pfjze> in pursuance of, and under the Authority of an A<ff made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Illano, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Penfyl~

vania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,

and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repea lr ing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing *4 and discharging, lading or shipping, or Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at the Town, and withia the Harbour of Bcjlcn, in the Province of Massachusets Bay," and also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said A Sis respcfiiwly mentioned j. 4 and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Alai fly to grant Pardons, to ijfiue Pro- clamations, in the Cases and for the Purposes therein mentioned): And wfiercas Part of the Cargoes of such Ships and Vessels, which is now secured in the Warehouses at several Ports in this Kingdom, not being Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British American Colony or Plantation, or of any other Place or Country under the Dominion of his Majesty, are subject by the Laws now in Forces to the Payment of high Duties upon being imported into and used in this Kingdom; which Duties, in some Instances, being equal to the Value of the Goods, will not only be a Discouragement to the Captors and Importers thereof, but will put them under the Necessity to fend such Goods, for the future,

directly to foreign Markets, to the Loss of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and belt, enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual. and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Goods, not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any British American Colony or Plantation, or any other Place or Country under the Dominion of his Majesty, that have been, or any Goods or Merchandises whatsoever which shall hereafter be taken during the Continuance of the said recited Act, and which have been or shall be brought into Great Britain by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, for that Purpose, shall and may, upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, be landed in any Port within this Kingdom, and secured under the King’s Locks, in Warehouses provided at the sole Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection, of the Commissioners or other principal Officers, for collecting and managing the respective Duties of

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 15. 18$

Customs and Excise to which such Goods are liable; and upon Admission of any such Goods into such Duties to be paid

Warehouses, there shall be paid by the Captors, or their Agents, the following Duties only, which shall when lhf

not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upoil the Exportation of the same Goods; that is to say. For all are wwc ou

such Goods (except Wines and Vinegar, and such Goods as are herein after enumerated) taken^ as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, the Half of the Old Subsidy, granted by the Act of Tonnage

and Poundage, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second;* and the Whole of the further Subsidy of Poundage, granted by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, being what is commonly called The Subsidy One thousand seven hundred and forty fieven; and for the like Goods, if taken by any private or other Ship having Commission as aforesaid, the Half of the Old Subsidy, and no more j which Duties shall be collected, paid, and applied, in

the same Manner, and to the same Purposes, whereunto they are by Law appropriated, subject nevertheless

to the customary and legal Difcbunts and Abatements, and Allowances for Damage: And for every Ton

of such Wine and Vinegar, taken as aforesaid, either by Kis Majesty's Ships of War, or Ships having

Commissions as aforesaid, the Sum of three Pounds, and so after the same Rate for any greater or lesser t

Quantity, to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, as Parc of the Duties arising by an Act,

passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty fieveral additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain; and for raisiing

a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and q Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said

additional Duties).

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Half of the Qld Subsidy, granted by Duties on cer. the said Act of the twelfth of Charles the Second, and the Whole of the further Subsidy of Poundage, granted by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, which is directed by this Act to be paid for such Prize Goods taken by his Majesty's Ships of War; and the Half of the Old Subsidy, granted by the said Act of the twelfth of Charles tht Second, which is directed by this Act to be *'

paid for such Prize Goods taken by private or other Ships having Commissions as aforesaid, shall be payable ad valorem, and nootherwise, upon the Oath of the Captors, or their Agents, upon the following Goods; *,

that is to say. Upon all Sorts of Woollen, Worsted, Thread, Cotton, Linen, and Silk Manufactures,

Medicinal Drugs, and Hats, Handkerchiefs, Checks, Knives, Nails, and all Kind of Hard-ware, notwithstanding the same may hare been rated in the Book of Rates of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or the Additional Book of Rates of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and that the said Duties ad valorem respectively, on the Goods before enumerated, shall be levied and collected by the same Rules and Regulations, and under the same Penalties >«, and Forfeitures, as are directed and prescribed in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force with respect to any Goods paying Duty ad valorem.

III. Provided always, That no Duties or Customs whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Prize CertainCoot* Goods, confiding of any Military or Ship Stores, or any Goods which, by any Law now in Force, may J*®*liab,e toanf be imported into this Kingdom Duty-free; any Thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary Dutjr* notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prize Goods which shall be' Cocxii in

received into any Warehouse in pursuance of this Act, or which are now remaining in any Warehouse io ar,y Warehouse* this Kingdom, where they have been secured under the King’s Locks, by the Permission of the Commis- "aaf°onfip’v. sioners of the Customs, shall and may, upon Payment of the respective Duties before directed by this Aftr of th?be-

be exported at any Time directly from them, either by the Captors or their Agents, or by any other Person fore mentionei or Persons, without paying any further Duty of Customs or Excise for the same; the Person or Persons Datie*, be ex-exporting the same giving sufficient Security,* in double the Value of the Goods, before the Delivery

thereof out of the Warehouse, that the same shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back [it again, or relanded, in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guemfiey, ‘Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or 11 Alan, or the lilands of Faro or Ferro; which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port from whence' she same are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorised to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods Proviso, rdatng shall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein they are secured as aforesaid, to be consumed in this King- to Coo^tikea dom, the Person or Persons so taking out the same shall first pay up the Remainder of the Duties which hourc[for H^me would have been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had been regularly imported by Way consumption!" of Merchandise into this Kingdom; and such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations to which they would have been subject if this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge Unmerchaot-any Wine with the before-mentioned Duty of three Pounds per Ton, which shall, at the Time of land* able wm«n*t ing the same, be damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and which shall be given up by the Cnprors, of 1‘able to Duty, their Agents, to the Officers of the Customs, to be publickly fold, in order to be dill illed into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar, in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of hir late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the Improvement efi Us Majesty's Revenues 0/

Vujloms, Excise, and Inland Duties)*

£ b i

C. 16.

Anno decimo o &woGsordii 1IL

184

A.D. 177®.

[Preamble,

A©»

IJ Geo. III.

14 Geo. III.

and 1$ Geo. III. mind.

Certain Qatnti-tiet of Wheis-flour, lie. allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, Ire. for the Benefit of the Fishery, from the Ports ^erein-after ptAtioned.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for illotting the Exfjorfation of certain Quantities <5f Wheat-flour, Biscuit, and Pease, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Boy Chaltur, and Labrador.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn)* whenever the Prices of certain Species of British Corn or Grain exceed the Prices therein limited, the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom 4 i* prohibited, under certain Penalties in the said Act mentioned, except in particular Cases allowed by that and several subsequent Acts of Parliament; And whereas certain Quantities Of Biscuit and Pease, allowed tt> be exported to the Island of Newfoundland* for the Benefit of the British Fishery there, by two Acts* the one made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit tf the Britishi Fishery there) 3 and the other made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Cohnits tn America, and to the Island Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements be- longing to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease 4 f* Newfoundland, Notra Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with re~ 4 fptfi to adtotfing or carrying into Execution his Majestfs Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles)4 hive been found insufficient for the Use of the British Subjects Carrying dtt the Fishery at the said Island of Newfoundland\ Nova Scotia* Bay Chaleur, and Labrador \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to ship and export Wheat-flour. Bread,- Biscuit, and Pease, out of and from the several Ports in this Kingdom herein after mentioned, to the several Places herein after named, for the Benefit of the British Fishery carried on in those Parts, so as the same do not exceed the several Quantities respectivefly limited to those Places in any one Year, any thing in the said recited Acts* Or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding 3 (that is to say).

To the tfland of Nhvfokndland, four hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Nova Scotia* three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons'of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.

To EayChaleur* five hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and twe* hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador, two hundred Quartets of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Newfoundland, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, three hundred Tons of Biscuit, and J } two hundred Quarter* of Pease.

To Nova Scotia* two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and twer 't J hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Bay Chaleur* two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and J two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador* two hundred Quarter* of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and £ I two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Newfoundland* two thousand five hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one thousand one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one thousand Quarters of Pease.

To Nova Scotia* two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hull— dred Quarters of Pease.

To Bay Chaleur* three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador* two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Newfoundland* one thousand five hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, five hundred Tons of Biscuit, and five hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Nova Scotia, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit* j and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

j To Bay Chaleur* three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador, three hundred and fifty Quarters of Wficat-fiour, one hundred and fifty Tons of LBifcuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

From

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georou III; C. 17.

To Newfoundland, one thousand five hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, five hundred Tons of Biscuit, and six hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Nova Scotia, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Bay Chaleur, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Newfoundland, four hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons of

Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

B s §4 f To Newfoundland, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons 11 of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

To Newfoundland, two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, sixty Tons of Biscuit, and one

io Newfoundland, two hundred i I hundred and twenty Quarters of Pease.

B J To Newfoundland, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred Tons of Biscuit,

J* *£ °S c and one hundred and twenty Quarters of Pease.

185

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Articles The f«i4 Ar-exported as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject to the like Securities, at the respective tide* to be f»b-Ports from whence they are exported, that the same shall not be landed or sold in any Parts whatsoever fc* *?The ,ike other than the respective Places for which the same shall be entered and declared for Exportation, and in 0»E*w^a»io» all other Respects not altered by this Act shall be liable to such and the like Rules, Restrictions, and *, 4',reifed by Regulations; and the Persons granting or making any false Certificate, or counterfeiting, era fins*, or fal~ thetecited a & fifying any Cert>ficate, or knowingly publishing such Certificate so counterfeited, erased, or falsified, shall 14 Geo. III. be subject for the same Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said recited Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; which Penalties and For- ' fixtures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and applied, in the Manner directed by ghat Ad.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for building an additional Jail, and also a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the common Jail of the County of Cornwall for Criminals is within the Castle of LatmceHen in the f*d County, which is at present in a very decayed Condition, and being

situated near the Eastern Extremity of the County, the Ease and Convenience of the Inhabitants would be best Aiited by an additional Jail for Criminals being provided nearer the Centre of the said County j

and the Borough of Bodmin in the said County, being, from its Situation, and the Advantages of healthy Air, a good Soil, and Plenty of pure and whedefome Water, esteemed the properest Place for the Erection of such additional or new Jail; the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough have, in order to for*

ward the Design of erecting the same, agreed to give up a Piece or Parcel of Ground lying within the said Borough, oeing Part of the Pefieifions of the Corporation, and commonly called or known by the Name of Berrycoombe, otherwise *Burcom, as and for the Site of the said intended Jail, being very convenient and proper to be used for that Purpose, without receiving any pecuniary or other Consideration

for the same: And whereas the said Jail within the Castle of Launceston aforesaid has been hitherto kept in Repair by and out of the Revenues of the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, and his Majesty,

being disposed to promote the Convenience and Security of his Subjects in the said County, hath been roeft graciously pleafa) to order certain Sum of Money to be advanced and paid out of the aforesaid Revenues, to be applied as well for putting the said last mentioned Jail into immediate Repair, as towards erecting the said intended new Jail: upon Condition, that the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being may be for ever freed and discharged, not only from all Contributions to the future Repairs of the said Jail within the Castle of Launceston aforesaid, but also from all Charges and Expences which may attend the erecting and finishing of the said intended new Jail, or the future Repairs thereof; which said Sum has been accordingly paid to and accepted by his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of and for the said County, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, upon the Conditions aforesaid: And whereas, besides the said present and intended Tails for Criminals, a Ward or Prison for the secure keeping of Debtors, and also a House of Correction for certain Offenders, are greatly wanted in the said County, there being at present no public Building for either of those Purposes; and, as the same may be most conveniently united to the said intended Jail for Criminals, it has been proposed, that the intended Building within the Borough of Bodmin aforesaid shall consist as well of a Jail for Criminals,

as Of a Ward or Prison for Debtors, and a House of Correction; but forasmuch as the erecting, completing and finishing of the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, will necessarily require 4 a considerable Sum of Money, beyond what has been already advanced by his Majesty's Order as afore-4 (Aid, and no Money can or may be raised or collected for that Purpose without the Aid and Authority of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice Bud Confetti of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled.

j 86

A Piece of Ground within the Borough of Bodmin vested in the Justices of the County of Cornwall; who are to build a new Jail, Zee. thereon.

Jail, &c. to be public.

Shejiff to hate the keeping of the J.til and Prison,*

and Justices of the House of Correction.

Debtors Prison to be maintained by the Sheriff.

Contract for building the Jril, &c. confirmed.

Justices may contrail for Land, for the Purpose of bringing Water to the Jail.

Guardians, Trofti.es, &c. empowered to I'dJ.

C. 17. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

and by the Authority of the same, That the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate, lying, and being within the Borough of Bodmin aforesaid, Part of the Possessions of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, and commonly called or known by the Name of Berrycoombe, otherwise Burcom, with the Appurtenances, shall, from and after the passing of this present Act, be settled upon and vested in, and the lame is hereby thenceforth settled upon and vested in his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of and for the sauf County of Cornwall for the Time being*

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to cause to be built, cre&ed, perfected, and finished, upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground hereby vested in them as aforesaid, a strong, proper, and convenient Jail for the Confinement of Criminals, and also a Ward or Prison for the secure keeping of Debtors, and likewise a House of Correction for the confining of certain Offenders to be kept to hard Labour, or otherwise, as by Law they may be subject, together with proper Places for the Residence of the Jailer, Turnkey, and Mailer or Keeper of the House of Correction respectively; and also such other Buildings and Conveniences as {hail, by the said Justices, to be assembled in their General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, be from Time to Time adjudged requiftte or proper for rendering the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, more secure and commodious, and best calculated to answer the respective Purposes for which the same are to be erected.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, when and as soon as the same shall respectively be built and finished, shall and are hereby declared to be a public and common Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, for the said County; and that as well the said intended Jail, and the said other Jail within the Castle of Launceston aforesaid, as the said House of Correction, and the Buildings thereto respectively belonging, shall, from Time to Time, be maintained, supported, and repaired, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as other Jails and Houses of Correction in this Kingdom are by Law directed to be supported and maintained, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being shall have the keeping of the said intended Jail and Prison, and shall have Power, When the same are respectively made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, to remove thither such or so many of the Criminals and Debtors then in his Custody, as he shall think necessary or proper; which Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape: And that the said intended House of Correction shall belong to and be under the Care and Management of the Justices of the said County for the Time being, to be by them applied to such Uses and Purposes as Houses of Correction in general are by Law applicable to.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said intended Ward or Prison for Debtors, with the Buildings thereto belonging, shall from Time to Time, and at’ all Times after the same shall be erected and completed as aforesaid, be maintained, supported, and kept in Repair, by and at the Expence of the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being; and that in case of any Default or Want of Repairs of the said Prison at the Time of the immediate Sheriff for the Time being delivering over the Prisoners, then in his Custody, to his Successor, such Successor shall have and be intitled to his Remedy or Action at Law against his Predecessor, for Recovery of such Damages as shall be an adequate Satisfaction for such Want of Repairs, together with his full Costs of Suit.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Contracts and Agreements as the said Justices have already entered into, or shall or may hereafter enter into, for the repairing the said Jail in the said Castle of Launceston, and also for erecting, completing, and perfecting the said intended new Jail, Prison, House of1 Correction, and other Buildings, with any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be, and the same ^re hereby ratified, confirmed, and established, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And whereas it will be necessary, when the said intended new Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, are finished and perfected, that a certain Stream of Water should be carried and conveyed thereto, from a Place, within the said Borough of Bodmin, called Fairwash, through, over, and along certain Lands and Grounds lying between that Place and the said Parcel of Ground called Berrycoombef otherwise Burcom^ the Property of divers Persons, for the Purpose of supplying the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, with Water; and the Owners of the said Lands having agreed that the said Stream may be so conveyed over the same for that Purpose, on having a reasonable Satisfaction made to them for such Pernliflion be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, to contrail and agree with the several Owners or Proprietors of, or other Persons interested in, the said, Lands or Grounds through and over which the said Stream of Water is intended to be carried, from the said Place called Fairwash, to the said new Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, for supplying the same with Water as aforesaid, for the Purchase of so much and such Part of the said Lands as shall appear ne-ceilary to be taken and used for that Purpose, or for the Liberty or permission of carrying such Stream of Water through and over the same: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every or any Person or Persons, who are or shall or may be seised or possessed of, interested in, or intitled to, the said Lan s and Grounds; and also for all Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees, as well for themselves, as for and on Behalf of their Cejhtique Truth, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whomsoever, 3nd to and for all Femes-covert seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, seised, possessed, interested, or intitled, of, in,-or to the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, under any Manner of Right or Title whatsoever, to enter into ContraCb with the said Justices, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, for the Sale of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be thought necessary, or be required by them, for the conveying of the aforesaid Stream of Water to the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, though and over the said Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, or otherwise for thj

e

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 17. 187

Liberty or Permission of conveying the said Stream through and over the same: And that in case the said If Partiei can-Justices, and Owners of, or Persons interested in, the said Lands and Ground?, cannot agree upon a Surfi nVK, e^ Jury to be paid for such Part thereof, or Liberty therein, as shall be necessary or be required for the Purposes 'eR com*

aforesaid respectively, then the said Justices shall cause the Value thereof respectively to be inquired after p and ascertained by a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the said County; and in order thereto, the said WimeflVi may, Justices, or the major Part of them, to beafsembled in their General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby au- be examined on rhorised and required, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, to summon and call before such 0at""

Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every such Person or Persons as shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any two or more of the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and such Justices shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own, as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired after, and assessed such Value and Recompence, the said Justices shall thereupon adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed to be paid to the Parties according to the Verdict of the Jury; which Verdict shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Verdin of Jury And, for summoning and returning such Jury, the said Justices, or the major Part of them, so to be af* to be final, fern bled as aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the Manner of sum-said County, commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Men eJur/»

of the said County (not any of themA)eing in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall), to appear before the said Justices at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be ap-

Jointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such ury accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Justices shall and are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the aforesaid Purposes and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the said County (not being in the Commission of the Peace for the said County), either of the Bystanders or such others as can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of twelve; junr* may be and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they challenged, come so be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array: And the said Justices shall have Power, from Time Justic* may fine to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on the said Sheriff, or his D Duty, or their or either of Sheriff, &c* their Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be sum- mak’.Dg Default, moned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn thereon, or, being so sworn, shall refuse to give, or not giving, their Verdict, or otherwise wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any Person who, being required to give-Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn, examined, or give Evidence: Which Fine or Fines shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for any one Offence, and shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of such Justices, and shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Ach

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be agreed On Payment of Upon between the contracting Parties,* as the Purchase or Consideration Money of so much and such Part Purdnie-Mo-or Parts of the aforesaid Lands and Grounds as shall be necessary, or be required to be taken and used for v«"e3'ia^ the Purpose aforesaid, or of such Liberty in, through, and over the same, as may be contracted for in the Justicei.

Lieu thereof, or otherwise upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may be fetded and assessed by the said Jury as a sufficient Value, Recompence, and Satisfaction of or for such Land^or Liberty respectively, as aforesaid, or upon Tender of such Sum or Sums reflectively to the respective Persons intitled to receive the same under the Descriptions aforesaid or otherwise, or their respective Agents; or in case of Want of Opportunity to tender, or of Refusal to accept the same, that then, upon leaving the same in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, for their respective Use, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into and take Possession of so much and such Land as shall be found necessary or requisite for the Purpose aforesaid; and* that the Quantity of Ground so wanted, or the Liberty or Permission of conveying the before-mentioned Stream of Water through and over the said Lands and Grounds respectively, if the same shall alone have been contracted for, shall be, and is hereby vested in the Justices of the said Counry for the rime being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they J>i/Kcei m maki* are hereby authorised and required, when and as soon as such Land shall be vested in them as aforesaid, to Watercoun*, j make such Cut, Channel, or Watercourse, and also to eredf, fix, place or set up, all such Works and other Things in, through, over and upon the said Land, as shall appear necessary, requisite. proper or convenient for carrying and conveying a Stream of Water from the aforesaid Place called Falruash^ to

the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, for better Supplying the same with Water, as aforesaid, without any Hindrance or Interruption of, from, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever 5 and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, in like Manner, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, to enter into and upon the aforesaid Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the Purpose of cleansing, Semiring, repairing, or amending, the said Cut, Channel, Watercourse, Works, and other Things, or any of them, or any Part thereof.

IX. And, for raising Money for the erecting, completing, and finishing of such intended Jail, Prison, Jufli esmajr House of Correction, and other Buildings as aforesaid, and for the several other Purposes intended by raiic 6Ctoi. for this Act, over and above the Sum so advanced by his Majesty's Order, as herein-before mentioned,'

^t^pole*

be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, or the major Part of them, at their 11

KM General or Quarter Sessions to be held after, the passing of this Act, or at any subsequent General or

i88

How to be act'etfed.

Ratos to be nude.

Magistrates of Boroughs, &c. to make Asseff-menu therein.

fbfHces may ecrrow Money)

esblch shall be paid out of the County Stock,

Application of the Money to be raised, Sec*

C. *7. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Quarter Sessions, to conclude and agree upon and aflefr such Sum or Sums of Money as they frail, from Time to Time, find necessary for the Purpose of this Act, but not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of six thousand Pounds; and the same shall be rated and assessed in such and the same Manner, and according to such and the same Proportions, upon every Town, Parish, Hamlet, or Place, within the Limits of the said County, and upon the Boroughs, Towns-corporate, and all other Precincts and Liberties within the same $ and shall be collected, received, levied and paid, and be accounted for, by the Persons making such Cohesions, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, with Power of levying and enforcing the Collection and Payment thereof, and for punching all Persons whose Duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, and shall make Default therein, as the County Rates have been usually, or can or may, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy ojfeffng, oolleSiingy and levying of County Rates. or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, be atfeflcci, collected, received, levied, paid, and accounted for within the said County; and such Atfefiments, when received, shall be, from Time to Time, paid by the Treasurers or Vice-treasurer of the said County, to the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as they, in their said General or Quarter Semens assembled, or the major Part of them, frail, by their Order, appoint to receive the same $ and that the Receipt of such Justices, or of the Person or Persons to be so appointed, shall be a full and fits-ficient Discharge to the said Treasurers and Vice-treasurer for the Payment of such Monies*.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective PdHfh Officers, or other Persons, who shall pay or be liable to pay the Rates or Assessments which shall be made in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act, upon any Parish, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place, and also all such Parish Officers and Persons upon whom any such Rate or Assessment shall be levied, shall and may. from Time to Time, after Notice shall be given of the Amount of the Rate or Assessment upon such Town, Parish, or Place, either before or after the same shall have been actually paid by, or levied upon such Officers or Persons, rate and levy such Monies, by a separate and distinct Rate and Assessment, upon every such respective Town, Partfh, Borough, Liberty, or Place, in such Manner and Proportion, and with such Powers for Recovery thereof, as any other County Rate can or may be assessed or levied.

XI. And whereas there are several Boroughs, Towns-corporate, Liberties, and other distinct Jurisi- dist ions within the said County, in which she Justices acting in the Commission of the Peace for the said County have no Power or Authority be it therefore enacted, That the Mayors, Justices, or other Magistrates acting in and for such Boroughs, Towns-corporate, Liberties, and other diibn&Turifei&fons, shall, and are hereby authorised and required to rate and assess a Sum or Sums of Money, in the same Proportion as the County in general frail be rated and assessed j and in like Manner, when collected and received, shall pay the same to the said Treasurer, who shall account for such Money to the said Justices, in the same Manner as for the Money received in and for the County at large; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to give the Justices for the County any Power or Authority in the said Boroughs, Towns-corporate, Liberties, or other distinct Jurisdictions, which they had not before the passing of this Act.

XII. And forasmuch as the Money to be raised by the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act may not be thought proper to be collected so speedily as the same may be wanted, since thereby some of the Persons, liable to answer the same, would be subject to Inconveniencies/ be it therefore enacted, That the said Justices may, and they are hereby authorised, when assembled in their General or Quarter Sessions, from Time to Time, as it shall to them, or the major Part of them, seem necessary or expedient, to raise Money upon the best Terms the same can be procured at Interest, for the carrying this Act into Execution $ and for that Epd to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall find necessary to be raised and applied for that Purpose: And that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, in their said General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, by their Order to confirm and establift any such Agreement, so made as aforesaid 5 and thereupon such Agreement, so established by such Order, and a Copy thereof, without Stamps, under the Seal of the Court of Quarter Sessions, and signed by the Clerk of the reace of the said County, frail be, and the same is hereby declared to be effectual (or securing to the Person or Persons so advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, such Sum and Sums, with such Interest as in and by any such Agreement shall be for that Purpose stipulated; and that the said Justices, in their said General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, when and as any such principal Sum or Sums of Money, so advanced as aforesaid, shall, by the Terms of any such Agreement, become payable, by their Order to direct the same principal Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall be intitled to receive the same, together with such Interest as shall be then due thereupon, by the Treasurers or Vice-treasurer of the said County, out of the County Stock, which Stock is hereby declared at all Times to be subject and liable thereto, until full Payment and Satisfaction of the said principal Money and Interest.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Charges and Expences as shall have been sustained or expended in or about the procuring and obtaining of this Act, shall, in the first Place, be satisfied and paid by and out of such Money as shall be raised in pursuance thereof, and has been advanced by his Majesty's Order, for repairing the said Jail, in the said Castle of Launcejhn^ and also towards erecting the said intended Jail as aforesaid; and that after Payment thereof, and of the Charges and Expences of erecting, completing, and finishing the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, and other Buildings, and all Debts incurred thereby, and also of all other Monies to be paid in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act, the Residue or Surplus (if any) of the Money so to be raised and levied by virtue thereof, and already advanced by his Majesty's Order, as last aforesaid, shall, by Order of the said Justices, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, be paid into the publick Stock of the said County, and shall be deemed

189

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

and taken to be, and be paid and applied as Part of the common County.Stock, to and for such Uses, and in such Manner, as the same Stock can or may be applied.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Charges and Expences of ob- Tmfurerfo

taining and passing this Act shall not be fully paid and satisfied within Six Calendar Months next after the pay pence* ef paflkig thereof, the Treasurers or Vice-treasurer of the said County shall, and is and are hereby required, thf ifnot within One Month next after the Expiration of the said Six Months, to pay and discharge all such Charges in

and Expences, or so much thereof as shall be then remaining unsatisfied; and the said Justices shall and

are hereby authorised and required to allow what they or he shall so pay in the Treasurer’s or Vice-treasurer’s Accounts.

XV. And be it enacted, That some Time in the Month of October in every Year, a fair and just Account Accent* to be shall be made out of all the Money received and paid by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and when, mahout and to whom, and for what Purposes the same was paid, laid out, or expended; a Copy or Duplicate of *niiually» which Account, signed by the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the Time being, to be kept among the Records

of the Sessions of the Peace 5 which Clerk shall, from Time to Time, permit any Person or Persons, rated which maybe or assessed under or by virtue of this Act, to inspect the same, at all seasonable Times, on Payment of Six- in/psacd, &c. pence for each Inspection, and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give one or more Copy or Copies of the said Account, or any Part thereof, to every or any such Person, he or she paying for such Copy or Copies after the Rate of one Shilling for every hundred Words, and so in Proportion for a less Number.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this The Duke of Act, his Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall, and his Successors, and his and their Revenues, Estates, Cornwall «-and Possessions, shall be, and thenceforth for ever remain, freed, acquitted, exonerated, exempted, and discharged, of and from the Payment of all and every or any Sum and Sums of Money, for or on Account towarciTthe of the Repairs as well of the said Jail within the Castle of Launceston aforesaid, as of the said intended Jail building the for Criminals at Bodmin, and of and from all Claims and Demands on Account thereof; and that nothing new Jail, or in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Honours, Ma- repairing nors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, or thcrcof* *c* arising in or within the said County of Cornwall, Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, with or to the Payment of any Money for or towards the Erection or Repairs of the said intended Jail; but that the same, and every Part thereof, shall henceforth for ever be and remain wholly exempt and discharged of and from the Payment thereof, and of and from, all other Money which shall or may at any Time hereafter be raised, levied, contributed, or collected, for the building or Repairs of the said two Jails respectively, or otherwise on Account thereof (save and except all such Honours, Manors, Lord&ips, Messuages, Lands, but not hii Tithes, Rents, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, or arising in or within the said County of £enintsi!y t Cornwall, Part of the Possessions of the said Ducny, as are or shall from Time to Time be held by any rer- £C#oor son or Persons, as Tenants, by Copy of Court Roll, or by or under any Lease or Leases for Life or Lives, 9 or any Term or Terms of Years, either absolute, or determinable upon the dropping of any Life or Lives; which same Honours, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, during stich Time and so long as they shall be so held, shall and may be rated and charged, by virtue and under the Powers of this Act, in the same Manner as any other Estates, Lands, or Hereditaments, in the same County, not being Part of such Possessions, can or may berated or charged).

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to diminish or This Act notto affect the Right and Title of the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being to the said Castle of Launceston, or aftest the Right* his Power or Authority in appointing the Officers thereof, or the Custody or Power over any Criminals or of the Duke of other Prisoners therein confined, or which may at any Time be committed to the said Castle; but that all Cor£w!l1i? anfd such Rights, Powers, and Authorities shall remain in as full and ample a Manner to the said Duke of L,!mcdtoo

Cor nwall for the Time being, his Officers and Servants, as if this Act had not been made; the repairing

and keeping in Repair the Prison within the said Castle, in Manner hereby provided for, only excepted.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all or any Person or Persons who shall appre- Person* ag-hend himself or themselves overcharged, or otherwise aggrieved by any Assessment or other Proceeding grieved may tinder or by virtue of this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next ^fjrterS^ooi. General or Quarter Sessions after Demand of the Money assessed, or after such other Act done, who shall ^ia cr c 0 and may make such Order thereupon as to them, or the major Part of them then and there present, shall seem meet.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit to be commenced against any Person of Limitation *f Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, shall be brought and commenced within Act;om.

Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in

the County of Cornwall, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be Central issue.

had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuir, or discontinue such Action or

Suit, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any other Defendant Treble Cost*.

or Defendants can or may have for Costs in any other Case by Law.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and all Public Act# Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take Notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

J9°

[Preamble.]

AO 7 Geo. II. recited.

Person* con* vifted of forging an Acceptance of Bills of Xxcbangc, or Receipt for Payment of Money, &c. with Intent to defraud aujr Corporation, stall suffer Dejth at Feiont.

[Preamble.]

J-.ifticef, out of deftion, impowered to award Cods on Determination of Complaints brought before them.

On Refusal of J>arty to pay, &c. the same may be levied by Distrtfs.

If the Penalty on any Conviction shall amount to 5). the Costs shall be deducted thereout, dec.

The Form* annexed to this Act to be uied.

C. 18, 19. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to explain an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange; or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money j or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money

or Delivery of Goods.

WHEREAS Doubts have ariseti whether the Punishment inflicted by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second f intituled, f An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange; or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts fir Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money; or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods), on Persons guilty of the several Species of Forgery therein mentioned, extends to such Forgeries when committed with an Intention to defraud'any Corporation be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act or aftift in the false making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or the Number or principal Sum of any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Corporation whatsoever; or shall utter or publish as true any false, altered, forged, or counterfeited Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, or Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Corporation whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, altered, forged, or counterfeited; every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicteo, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Payment of Cods to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony.

WHEREAS, by the Laws now in being, his Majesty's Justices of the Peace are not sufficiently

author!fed, on Complaints that come before them out of Sessions, to award Costs against either the Person or Persons complaining, or the Person or Persons against whom any Complaint is made, as to Justice may appertain :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Complaint shall be made before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Franchise, or Liberty, and any Warrant or Summons shall issue in Consequence of such Complaint, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall have heard and determined the Matter of the said Complaint, to award such Costs to be paid by either of the Parties, and in Manner and Form as to him or them shall feeni fit, to the Party injured: And in case any Person, so ordered by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace to pay such Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall not forthwith pay down or give Security for the same to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Sum or Sums by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chanels of such Person so refusing or neglecting; and where Goods and Chattels of such Person cannot be found, to commit such Person to the House of Correction, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Franchise, or Liberty, wherein such Person shall reside, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Tim^ not exceeding one Month, nor less than ten Days, or until such Sum or Sums of Money, together with the Expences attending the Commitment of such Person to such House of Correction, be first paid.

II. Provided nevertheless, That upon the Conviction of any Person or Persons upon any penal Statute or Statutes, where the Penalty or Penalties shall amount to or exceed the Sum of five Pounds, the said Costs shall be deducted-by the said Justice or Justices, according to his or their Discretion, out of the said Penalty or Penalties, so that the said Deduction shall not exceed one fifth Part of the said Penalty or Penalties $ and the Remainder of the said Penalty or Penalties shall be paid to, or divided among, the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the whole of the Penalty or Penalties in case this Act had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forms to this Act annexed shall and may in the respective Cases be used and observed.

IV. And whereas Constables, Headboroughs, and Tithing-men, are or may be at great Charge in

doing the Business of their Parish. Township, or Place, and in many Cases are not sufficiently indemnified

ConftaMei, &c, shall, every three Month*, deliver to the Overseers an Acco jnt of

count of their respective Parities.

If any fmh A cconnt shall be d followed, a Justice may settle the fomcj

A ppeal may be

n aoe from the Justice*! Deter* mmation, SrC, to the Quarter Sessioni,

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19. 191

c fied by the Laws ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, shall every three Months, and within fourteen Days after he shall go out of such Office, deliver to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Place, for the Time being, a just Account in Writing, fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and finned by him, of all

Sums so by him expended on Account of the said Parish, Township, or Place, in ail t^aies not Eitherto

provided for by the LawT heretofore made, or by this Act, and also of all Sums received by him on the Money by them Account of the Taid Parish* Township, or Place; and the said Overseers of the Poor, or their Successors/ expenid or shall, within the next fourteen Days after the said Account or Accounts shall be so delivered, lay the same rrce*' on c" before the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Township, or Place; and in case the said Account or Accounts be approved of by the Majority of such Inhabitants, the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Place, for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to pay out of the Poor Rates, made or to be made, for such Parish, Township, or Place, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due on the said Account or Accounts 5 but in case the said Account or Accounts, or any Part thereof, shall be disallowed, then the said Overseers of the Poor for the Time being shall then deliver back to the said Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, such Book of Accounts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, then to produce the said Book before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Franchise, or Liberty, wherein such Parish or Township shall be situate, giving reasonable Notice thereof to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Place, for the Time being; which said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to examine the same, and to hear and determine any Objection or Objections that shall be made to the said Accounts,' and to settle the Sum which to him or them shall appear due on the said Account, and to enter the same in the said Account, and to sign his or their Name or Names thereto; and the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Place, for the Time being, are hereby authorised and* required to pay the said Sum, out of the Money which shall come to their Hands by virtue of any Rate or Assessment made or to be made for the Relief of the Poor.

V Prided nevertheless, That in case the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, oiWace, for the Time being, shall find that the said Parish, Township, or Place, is aggrieved by any Neglect, Act, or Thing done, or‘omitted, by the said Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, or by any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or shall have any materia] Objection to such Account, or any Part thereof, or to such Determination as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Overseer or Overseers, in any of the Cases aforesaid, giving reasonable Notice to the said Justice, Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Franchise, or Liberty, where such Parish, Township, or Place lies; and the Justices of the Peace there assembled are hereby authorised and required to receive such Appeal, and to hear and finally determine the same; but if ic shall appear to the said Justices, that reasonable Notice was not given, then they shall adjourn the Lid Appeal to the next Quarter Sessions, and then and there finally hear and determine the same; and the said Justices may award and order, to the Party for whom such Appeal shall be determined, reasonable Costs, in the same Manner that they are empowered to do in Case of Appeals concerning the Settlement of poor Persons, by an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for Supplying some Defects in the Ltnvs for the Relief f/ the Poor of this Kingdom.

VI. Provided always, That in all Corporations or Liberties which have not four Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of she Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for the Time being, where an Appeal is given by this Act, to appeal, if he or they Hull think fit, to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the re^ce for the County, Hiding, or Division, wherein such Corporation or Liberty is situate.

VII. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifih Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and pumshing Persons keeping disorderly Houses; it was recited. That whereas many Persons are deterred from prosecuting Persons guilty of Felony, upon account of the Expence attending such Pro-

fccutions, which is a Cause of the Encouragement of Thefts; and it was therein, among other Things,

enacted, That it should and might be in the Power of the Court before whom any Person has been tried and convicted of any Grand or retit Larceny, or other Felony, at the Prayer of the Prosecutor, and on Confederation of his Circumstances, to order the Treasurer of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed, to pay unto such Prosecutor such Sum of Money as to the said Court Ihaif lecm reason- able, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear to the Court the Prosecutor was put un;o in carry- ingon such Prosecution, making him a reasonable Allowance for his Time and Trouble therein; which Order the Clerk of Assize, or Clerk of the Peace, respectively, was thereby directed and required forthwith to make out, and deliver unto such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of one Shilling,

and no more: And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, reciting. That the Expence, as well as Loss of Time, in attending Courts of Justice, is a Discouragement to the poorer Sort to appear tas Witnesses against Offenders, who thereby escape the

public Justice, and the Punishment due to their Crimes; it was enacted, That wh*n any poor rerfun shall appear on Recognizance in any Court, to give Evidence against another accused of any Grand or Petit Larceny, or other Felony, it mould and might be in the Power of the Court, at the Prayer and on the Oath of such Person, and on Consideration of his Circumstances, in open Court to pay unto such Person such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall feenv reasonable, for his Time, Trouble, and Expence y which Order the proper Officer of such Court is required to make out and deliver to such Person,

upon being paid for the same the Sum of Sixpence, and n > more: And whereas the said recited Acts of the twenty-nfth and twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, have been a great

who may *wtr4

Cot

Proviso relating to Corporations, &€

Recital of an Act 15 Geo. II. for preventing Thefts and Robberies, &(«

and of an Act *7 Geo. II. fox allowing the Expeners of poor Witnessc? in Cases of Felony,

Goc e

192

C. 19.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

The Court before whom any Person it tried for Felony, may order the Treasurer of the County, Sec* to pay the Prose-cotorbisEi-pencet, and an Allowance for Loft of Time:

And Per font appearing in Court, on Recognizance or Subpoena, to give Evidence, shall in like Manner be allowed their Expence*, Stc.

The Quarter

Sessionfi to nuke Regulations for allowing the I efore-mentioned Expence s j

which are to be approved of by one of the judges at the Assizes, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Encouragement towards bringing Offenders to Justice, in all such Cases as are within the Purview of the said Statutes; but nevertheless it has been found by Experience, that the said herein-before recited Sta- tute of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, with regard to Persons appearing on Recognizance in any Court to give Evidence as aforesaid, extends only to poor Persons, such Court also considering their Circumstances; and also does not extend to Persons appearing on Subpoena to give Evidence:

And whereas the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his said late Majesty, with regard to Prosecutors,

directs the Court to consider the Circumstances of such Prosecutor, and also gives him Relief only where the Offender is convicted: And whereas it is just and reasonable, artd may tend in future to the Prevention of Crimes, or to the due Prosecution of all Offenders against the Laws, that every Profecu for to Conviction, and every Person so appearing on Recognizance or Subpoena to give Evidence, should be allowed his reasonable Expences, and also, in case he be poor, a reasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble and Loss of Time; and that such Allowance should be made to Prosecutors as aforesaid, even though the Person so accused be acquitted, provided it shall appear to such Court, before whom the said Prisoner shall have been tried, that there was a reasonable Ground of Prosecution, and that the Prosecutor hath'

bona fide prosecuted ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be in the Power of the Court before whom any Person has been tried and convicted of any Grand or Petit Larceny, or other Felony, or before whom any Person has been tried and: acquitted of any Grand or Petit Larceny, or other Felony, in case it shall appear to the said Court that there was a reasonable Ground of Prosecution, and that the said Prosecutor hath bona fide prosecuted, to ordfr, upon Prayer of the said Prosecutor, the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, in which the Offence shall have been committed, or shall have been supposed to have been committed, to pay unto such Prosecutor such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences' which it shall appear to the Court the Prosecutor was bona fide put unto in carrying on such Prosecution, making, in case the said Prosecutor shall appear to the Court to be in poor Circumstances, a reasonable Allowance to such Prosecutor for Trouble and Loss of Time; which Order the Clerk of Assize, or Cleric of the Peace, respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of one Shilling, and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Riding, or Division, is hereby authorised and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Prosecutor, or other Person authorised to receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and (halU>e allowed the same in his Accounts.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be in the Power of the Court, where any Perfoiv shall appear, on Recognizance or Subpoena, to give Evidence as to any Grand or Petit Larceny or other Felony, whether any Bill of Indictment be preferred or not to any Grand-Jury, provided the said Person shall, in the Opinion of the said Court, bona fide have attended the said Court in Obedience to such Recognizance or Subpoena, to order the Treasurer of the County, Riding, of Division, in which the Offence shall have been committed, or shall have been supposed to have been committed, to pay unto such Person such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear to the said Court the said Person was bona fide put unto by reason of the said Recognizance and Subpoena, making, in case the said Person shall appear to the Court to be in poor Circumstances, a reasonable Allowance to such Person for Trouble and Loss of Time; which Order the Clerk of Assize, or Clerk of the Peace, respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith ta make out and deliver to such Person, upon being paid for the same the Sum of Sixpence, and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Riding, or Division, is hereby authorised and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Person, or other Person authorised to receive the same, such Sun* of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his MajestyV Justices of the Peace, in and for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Franchise, or Liberty, in Quarter Sessions assembled, to lay down or alter, from Time to Time, such Rules and Regulations, as to any Costs or Charges thereafter to be allowed to any Person whatsoever, by virtue of any Part of this Act, for the better carrying the Intent of any Part of this Act into Execution, and for the preventing any unnecessary Expence, as to them shall seem most just and reasonable; which Rules and Regulations, having received the Approbation and Signature of one or more of his Majesty's Judges of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, at the Assizes for the County wherein such Rules and Regulations* shall have been made, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all Persons whatsoever; and no Person whatsoever shall be allowed any greater Sum of Money, by virtue of this Act, than according to the said" Rules and Regulations so approved of as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced" against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; that then, and in every such Case, the Action or Suit shall be brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fv.ft committed; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Re--ttedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

I, Form

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19.

I. Form of awarding Costs.

Ccunff or Borough, fee, to tuit,

0‘T one (or, we and being two) of

r4 -I his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the aforesaid, in pursuance of an Atf, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Payment of Cojls to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; 4 for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony; on the Complaint of [here state the Names of the Parties, and the Offence generally, and the Date] against for which said Complaint was heard and determined by

on the Day of do award the following Colls to be paid by

videlicet; (here state the Co/ls ]

Given under Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

II.

tomt.]Tof;Co^able

Form of Warrant of Distress and Sale.

and to all other his Majesty's Constables in and aforesaid.

in

:w

WHEREAS

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the aforesaid, in pursuance of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Payment of Cojls to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain cases$ and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony; have awarded, on the of now last pail, on the Complaint of

against # for the following Colls to be

paid by videlicet; [here fate the Sum]: And whereas the said

being ordered by the said Justice or Justices) to pay such Sum (or Sums) as aforesaid, hath not paid down or given Security for the same, to the Satisfaction of the salt! Justice or Justices) $ These are therefore to command you, and each and every of you, to levy- the said Sum of by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the saidh

and do hereby order and direeft the Goods and Chattels so to be distrained

to be sold and disposed of within Days, unless the said Sum of

for which such Distress shall be made, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping such* 4 Distress, shall be sooner paid 5 and you are hereby also commanded to certify unto f what you shall have done by virtue of his Warrant

Given under Day of

Warrant.

Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) at in the Year of our Lord

the

III. Constables Return thereon, for Want of Distress;

, 7 4 T Constable of do hereby certify to

* j 4 Justice or Justices) of the Peace of that Ii

have made diligent Search for, but do not know, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of

by Distress and Sale whereof I may levy the Sum: pursuant to*

Warrant for that Purpose, dated the Day of

Given under my Hand, this Day oft in.

IV. Commitment thereupon to the House of Correction*

to wit. lht of

at

and alfp to the Keeper of the House of Correction

W1

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Payment of Cojis to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain cases} and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony 5

a r kin T.iliin.B rtf t k o Pnonu n n r* A fill*. ka la a rt n 1/1

of

did issue;

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in and for the said*

Warrant of Distress and Sale, directed to Constable of the said of ordering the said Constable to levy

the said Sum of of the Goods and Chattels of the said

in Manner and Form as therein is mentioned: And whereas it appears to by the Return of

Constable of dated the Day of that he hath made diligent Search, but doth not know of, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of the said by Distress and Sale whereof the said Sum of

may be levied, pursuant to the said Warrant: These are therefore to command you, the said Constable: of to apprehend the said and convey the said

to the said House of Correction at and to deliver the said

there to the said Keeper of the said House of Conewlion; And these axe also to command you, the said

*94

C

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

PrA ruble;

reciting 5 Geo. Ii.

Geo. II*

iod 3 Geo. III.

The Duties granted by the recited Acts further continued for 10 Years.

The Bailiffs of Scarborough to be Commissioners, and the Quorum enlarged.

so.

A.D. 1778.

Keeper of the said House of Correction, to receive the said into the said House of Correction, and there to keep to hard Labour for the Space of from the Date

hereof, or until such Sum of together with the Expences attending the Commitment of the said to the said House of Correction, befirfl paid, or until the said ' be discharged by due Course of Law*

Given under Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) at the Day of

CAP. XX.

An Act for further continuing the Duties granted by three Act's, made in the fifth and twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

WHEREAS, by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, there was given and granted a Duty of one Halfpenny for every Chaldron of Coals laden on Board any Vessel at or in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, or any other Port or Place reputed a Member of the said Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, to be payable until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and also several other Duties, in the said Act mentioned, upon certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, landed in, or shipped off from, the said Port of Scarborough, which were to have Continuance until the twenty-fourth Day o{June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; all which Duties the said Act directed to be paid to the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough, to be applied for the Purpose of enlarging, extending, improving, and repairing the said Pier and Harbour; and to be collected, recovered, managed, and disposed of, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, Directions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Provisoes, as are therein mentioned: And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty. to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the said former Act, Provision was t made for taking the Powers, cre- ared by the said former Act, out of the Hands of the said Baihfii and Burgesse.% and veiling the same in Trustees named therein, and to be appointed in- pursuance thereof 5 and several other Regulations were made for the Purpose of improving and better managing the said Harbour: And whereas, by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers granted by the said two former Acts, it was enacted, That the aforesaid Duty upon Coals should be (save as therein-after mentioned) continued from and after the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of twenty Years; and that the said Duty should and might be collected, recovered, managed, and disposed of, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, Directions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Provisoes, and with such Powers and Authorities, during the said extended Term, as the same was, might, or could be then done or performed by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them; and certain further Regulations were thereby made for the Purpose of improving and better managing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour: And whereas, in consequence of the said Acts, the said Harbour hath been greatly improved; and for enlarging and making the same extensively useful, a new Pier was some Years ago begun, and is now carrying on at a very large annual Expence, which, when finished, will render the said Harbour more safe and commodious than it now is, and will be of the greatest Advantage and Security to Trade, and of public Utility: But forasmuch as the said new Pier cannot be completed, and the other WorJcs done, which from Time to Time mull become necessary to keep the said Harbour in sufficient Repair for the future, unless the said Duties be continued for a further Term of Years May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duty on Coals (save as in the said last-recited Act is favedor mentioned) and also the said Duty upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, landed in, or shipped off from, the said Port of Scarborough, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be continued from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for and during the further Term of twenty Years; and that so much and such Part of the aforesaid three several recited Acts, and all and singular the Powers and Authorities thereby respectively given, and all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Thirigs, therein respectively contained, as is or are now in Force, shall, for col left ing, levying, recovering, managing, disposing of, Securing, and accounting for the Duties hereby granted or continued, and the Duties which may be in Arrear under the said former Acts, or any of them, and for the managing, enlarging, improving, and repairing, the said Pier and Harbour, and to that End for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in the said recited Acts, or any of them, and for other the Purposes of this Act, be continued, and be in full Force during the said extended Term, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bailiffs for the Time being of the said Borough of Scarborough shall be, and are hereby declared to be, added to and joined with the Commissioners for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully, to all Interns and Purposes, as they could or might have done in case they had been appointed Commissioners by, or described in, and qualified according to, the Directions of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and that such Parts of the said several Acts as authorise any five or more of the Commissioners te put the said Acts in

9

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 21, 22. 195

Execution, shall be, and are hereby repealed; and that in future any Number of the said Commissioners, not being less than seven of them, shall and may put the said Acts in Execution, in such and the same Manner as by the said Acts, or any of them, any five or more Commissioners are impowered to do.

III. And whereas by the said Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Aecouota may Second, it is.directed, That all Accounts, dated and signed by the Commissioners at their public Meet* produced at ings, shall, at every Quarter Sessions to be holden for the North Riding of the County of York next after eilher Christmas, be produced to his Majesty's Justices of the Peace then and there present, for their Inspection "Jj SeffioaaT 4 and Allowance: And whereas it sometimes happens, that, from the Inclemency of the Season, it is very inconvenient, and even dangerous, for the proper Officer to attend such Christmas Sessions with the said Accounts Be it therefor^ further enacted, That the said Accounts shall and may be produced and allowed, either at the Michaelmas or Christmas Sessions, as shall be most convenient for the Treasurer or other proper Officer; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in and about obtaining and passing this Expectcg of Act shall, as soon as the same can be conveniently done, be paid out of the Monies to arise by the said for- Act how to hot mer Acts or this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and PoWlc Act* taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such. by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Powers contained in two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich, and Narit-wich, in the County of Chester; 'and the other made in the seventeenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign* for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities and fof HlablilKing a Lottery*

[Preamble.]

6,00c, 0001, to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000/, by a Lottery. Contributors to the Sum of 6,^00,000l. to be intitled to an Annuity of 3 L for every 100 /. contributed,- and also an Annuity of 2 L 10 s. for thirty Years, which shall be charged upon a Fund to be established this Session, and col- laterally upon the Sinking Fund. Contributors may have the Annuity of 2 L ror. per Cent, for Life,

instead of for 30 Years, upon producing a proper Certificate to the Auditor of the Exchequer before Dec.

22, 1778. Every Contributor of coo/, shall, upon Payment of 40 /. more* be intitled to four Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified.

Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof.

Subscribers to the 6,oco, oooo/. intitled to an Annuity of 3 L per Cent:; and also to an Annuity of 2l. ior»~

for 30 Years; both payable half-yearly. All Contributors who shall pay in the Whole of their Contri- bution-money before June 30, 1778, may receive the Half Year’s Annuity due July $, 1778, on the*

Annuity of 2l. ic y. when they receive the Half Year’s Annuity due on the 3 per Cent.; otherwise they shall no* receive the said Annuity until January 1779. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, &c. Caftiier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which* ,

shall be assignable, &c. Directions for the Cashier in relation to such Receipts. Cashier to give Seal—

riry, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the*

Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. A*

Book to be provided in the Accountant-general’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered,.

fc. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annuities'

granted by this Act; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be*

forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed*

shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit. Accountant-general, on Payment of 35l.

per Cent. of their Contributions, before Dec. 18, 1778, to give Credit to the Contributors for the Annu- ity of 2l. 10s. which shall be transferrable. Certain Rates appropriated for Payment of the Annuities*

granted by this Act. Governor, &c. of the Bank* to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Accountant-general.

Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities Created by this Act. Accountant-general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate.- Books to be kept by the Accountant-general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced'

on this Act* Method of transferring, The Annuities of 2 /. 10 j. per Cent, per Ann. shall be a separate

Stock from the other Annuities. Persons possessed of Stock may devise the same by Will, IS a Commissioners of the Treasury todifchabge all incidental Charges attending the Execution of this Act. The 44 3 per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act shall be added to the Joint Stock of 3 per Cent; transferrable at?

the Bank, tSc. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 480,000l. to be*

raised by a Lotteiy; the Prices whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians,.

41 haying the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, fcfr. Contributors, for every* ko/.

C. 22. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

4t they shall advance, to be intitled to an Annuity of 2 /. iox. per Annum for 30 Years, or for Life. Life 44 Annuities to be paid at the Exchequer half-yearly. Cashiers of the Bank, to give Certificates to Contributors who chuse Life Annuities, which may be assigned before Dec. 21, 1778. Cashiers to transmit to the Auditor of the Exchequer a Boole containing the Names of the Contributors, tffc. Contributors shall deliver their Certificates to the Auditor, before 22, 1778, to be exchanged for Orders; and %i name their Nominees. Auditor to cause Orders for Payment to be made out as fooh as convenient,

[Proviso.]

which shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury. Books to be kept in the Offices of the Au- ditor and Clerk of the rells, containing the Names of the Contributors, tffc. Part of the Money to arise from the new Duties to be set apart for Payment of the Annuities on Lives. On Death of Nomi- nees, Annuities tocrease. Life Annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the Exchequer* " When Contributors, tffc. demand Payment of their Annuities in the Abfdhce of their Nominees, they must produce Certificates of their being alive on the Day when the respective half-yearly Payments be- come due. What Certificate necessary when the Nominee resides in England Or Wales. What Certificate necessary when the Nominee resides in Scotland or Ireland; or in Parts beyond the Seas. Penalty i4 on Persons receiving a half-yearly Payment for any Time after the Death of their Nominee. Contribu- tors, within a Month after Notice of the Death of their Nominee, to certify the same to the Auditor of the Exchequer, on Penalty of 10l. Annuities to be Tax-free. Commissioners of the Treasury, on receiving a proper Certificate from the Chief Baron, tffc. of the Exchequer, may cause new Orders to be made in Lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, tffc. or defaced, or incumbered with Assignments. Clause for preventing Frauds relating to Standing Orders, tffc. Offenders to fuller Death as Felons. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for any Transfer, tffc. Penalty on Officers of the Exchequer who shall demand any such Fee, or misapply the Monies, tffc. Officers, in certain cases, not to incur any Penalty for making wrong Payments. If the Fund to be established for Payment, 44 of the Annuities should prove insufficient, the Deficiency to be supplied out of the Sinking Fund; which Monies shall be replaced out of the next Supplies. If the Fund shall be more than sufficient to pay the 44 Annuities, the Surplus to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books. Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Monies paid in 44 Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread pr Silk; and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 48,000 Tickets are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets. 1000l. to each Fiift-drawn Ticket of the first ten Days, and icoo /. to the Last-drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned Book to be rolled up and tied. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 16, 1778. Method to be observed in drawing, tffc. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, €i tffc. Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50l. Re- ward. Managers to be sworn. The Oath. Cashier may receive the Sums subsenbed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the same; which shall entitle the Bearer to aTicket for every 10l. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit rc their Deposits with respect to the Lottery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, tffc. as they shall think fit. Limita- tion of the Sale of Chances, tffc* Penalty. Office-keepers, tffc. felling Shares in Tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 500l. and fiiffier three Months Imprisonment. After April 28, 1778, no Person to keep a Lottery-office without a Licence. Each Licence to cost 50 /.; and shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two Managers. Licence to set forth the Name of the Person taking out the same, tffc* and to continue in Force for one Year. Persons keeping any Office contrary to this Act, to forfeit ico /. Produce of the Duty on Licences to be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Lottery. 44 No Person to fell any Share of a Ticket less than a Sixteenth, on Penalty of so/. Penalty on Persons promising to pay any Money upon any Chance relating to the drawing of the Lottery contrary to this Act. No Business to be transacted at any Lottery-office after Eight in the Evening. Exception. Two Justices may summon Offenders against this Act, and, on Proof of the Offence, convict them in Penal- ties, tffc. If Penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by Distress. On Failure of Dif- tress, Offender to be committed. Any Person forging a Licence, shall forfeit 500l. tffc. Commissioners of the Treasury to establish an Office in London, and to appoint a Person to conduct the Business v44 thereof; with whom all Tickets, before they are divided into Shares, shall he deposited. All Shares to 4< be stamped by the Officer, who shall give a Receipt for every Ticket deposited with him. Form of Re- ceipt. All 'Pickets deposited in the Office, to remain there three Days after drawing. The Numbers of all Tickets deposited in the Office to be entered in a Book, with the Names of the Owners, and the Number of Shares into which they are divided. 2 d. for each Share to be paid to the Officer on deposit- ing Tickets in the Office; who shall therewith pay all Expences incident to the Office. Penalty on felling any Share of a Ticket without a Stamp. Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering Receipts, or uttering the same with a fraudulent Intention. No Person shall keep any Office for the Sale of Tickets, tffc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on Penalty of 20 /. Offenders may be prosecuted in the Vice-chancellor’s Court. Forfeitures may be levied by Distress, tffc. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient Surety is given to prosecute the same with Effect, tffc. This Act not to pre- judice the Privileges and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, tffc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, made punishable: Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 480,000l. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies

5

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 23, 24. 197

granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 1779,

bfc. Managers to give Notice of the Tirafes for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be " numbered, &V. and signed, &V. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or 4f for any Receipts, &c. on Penalty of 201. General Issue. Treble Costs."

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eighty together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for allowing the Re-importation of unmanufactured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although the same may have been sold abroad; and the Importation of Tobacco the Growth and Product of the Island of Dominica^ under certain Regulations and Restrio tions.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS Tobacco, and other foreign Goods, exported from Great Britain to Holland, and other foreign Parts of Europe, are frequently returned from thence for Want of a Market abroad,

and are permitted to be entered in this Kingdom, at the same Ports fropi whence they were so exported,

upon the Proprietors proving the Identity of the Goods so returned, and that the Property has not been

changed since the Exportation thereof: And whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, un- manufactured Tobacco so exported to be returned into any Port within this Kingdom, although the same may have been sold abroad ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and until the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, any unmanufactured Tobacco, which shall have been or may be exported from any Port in Great Britain to any foreign Parts in Europe, may be re-imported and returned by any Person or Persons, in any Ship or Vessel, into any Port in Great Britain^ under the following Restrictions, whether such Tobacco hath been fold in foreign Parts after the Exportation thereof, or not, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Tobacco shall be returned in the original Packages in which the same was exported from this Kingdom, and in no other, having also the same Marks and Numbers as were set on them by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs at the Time of their original Importation into this Kingdom, excepting only in such Cases where, from Length of Time or Reparation of Casks, some Part of the Marks and Numbers being obliterated, the remaining Part shall be satisfactory to the Commissioners or principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs of the Ports to which such Tobacco shall be returned; and the Importer or Owner of such Tobacco shall make Proof on Oath, before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of his Majesty's Customi, at the Port where such Tobacco shall be re-imported (which Oath, they are hereby authorised to administer), that the Tobacco so returned is, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, British Plantation Tobacco, and was originally exported from this Kingdom, having been bought for him or them, by his or their Agents, as such; and such Tobacco shall be liable to the same Duties as would have been due for the same upon the first Importation thereof into this Kingdom; which Duties shall not be afterwards drawn back or allowed upon the Re-exportation of such Tobacco to any Parts beyond the Seas, except to Ireland\ and such Tobacco shall, in all other Respects not altered by this Act, be subject to the same Restrictions. Rules, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as it would be subject and liable to if this Act had not been made.

And whereas, by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the If ends of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Im- portation and Exportation of certain Goods, and Merchandize; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expeaces of opening, maintaining, fearing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said If and of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said If and into any other British Colony)y it is amongst other Things enacted,

That all Goods and Commodities of American Produce which shall be imported into Great Britain (except such Quantities of Sugar and Rum as shall be imported by Certificate, as therein after is mentioned),

Thai I be deemed and taken to be Goods and Commodities of thS Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of foreign Colonies or Plantations, and shall be liable to the same Duties, Regulations, and Restrictions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, in all Ref|>edis as the like Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any French Colony or Plantation would be liable to by Law: And whereas, in order to encourage the

Growth of Tobacco in the said Island of Dominica, it is expedient to permit the Importation of it from

thence into this Kingdom, under the like Limitations and RestridHons as Sugar and Rum may, determined by the said recited A cl, be imported from thence;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of the said Island of Dominica, may be imported from thence into Great Britain, under Certificate, in like Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as Sugar and Rum, the Growth and Produce of the said Island, are

Unmanufactured Tobacco exported from Great Britai.i iray be re-imported, during a limited Time:

Such Tobacco to be returned in the original Packages, with the same Marks and Number;, &c.

and the Importer, &c. to make Oath that it is British Plantation Tobacco, and was exported from this Kingdom. Duties to be paid for the same.

Preamble; reciting arTAft 6 Geo. III.

Tobacco, the Pruduft of Do-n ?n c *, rrav tc

i1 po ?e 'P o Great Britain, under such

198 C. 25, 26. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

RtftrUlioni S3 Sugar and Rum are allowed by the above-recited Act; and shall be liable to the same Duties, &c. as Tobacco the Growth of the Briulh Colonies in America,

Certain Tobacco lately imported to be included in this Act.

preamble; retiring Act 13 Geo. III.

Wheat, Floor, tec. imported at Portsmouthj Sandwich, Chichester, or Chester, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the recited Act are due, may, on due Entry thereof, be landed, without Payment of the said Duties, &c.

allowed, by the find recited Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to be imported into Great Britain; and such Tobacco shall be liable to the same Duties* and in all other Respects subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and entitled to the same Drawbacks and Allowances, as Tobacco, the Growth and Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, are subject and liable to by Law, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas a Parcel of Tobacco hath been lately imported into the Port of London, from the said Island of Dominica, and is now secured under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Proprietor, ia 4 a Warehouse in that Port; and it is reasonable that the Importer of such Tobacco should receive the Benefit intended by this Act;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four of them, to order the said Tobacco to be delivered to the Importer thereof, upon Payment of the like Duties, under the like Rules and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies or Plantations in America is subject and liable to, provided it shall be made appear to them, by the Oath of the Importer, or otherwise, to their Satisfaction, that such Tobacco was really and truly the Growth and Produce of the said Island of Dominica.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Portsmouthj Sand* wich, Chichester, and Chester, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the i’everal Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), it is enacted, That in case any Wheat, or Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into any or either of the Ports in the said Act particularly mentioned, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, respectively, the same, upon due Entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on B >ard the Ship or Vessel in which such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties, under certain Restrictions and Regulations in the said Act mentioned and prescribed: And whereas it is expedient that Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Specie* of Corn, Grain, or Flour respectively, should in like Manner be landed without Payment of the said Duties may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Wheat or Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into the said Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour respectively, the same, upon due Entry* thereof, may be forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or Vessel in which such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties; and such Corn, Grain, and Flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the same Manner, anefunder and subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into any or either of the several Ports mentioned in the said Act, are subject and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, had been included in the said Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this SeflFn of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several new Rates and Dunes herein after mentioned ;* an i do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be After July enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of 1778, the fol- the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-ttcTto beTidby of Lme, That, from and after the firth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

ihe Occupiers of eight, the fever »1 Duties upon Houses with their Appurtenances herein after mentioned', shall he charged, Houics in Greit raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, hE Heirs and Successors, by the Occupiers’ihercof re pedlively; Britain j via. (that is to say), Upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Househ.dd Offices therefor all Htufes with occupied, which now are, or shall hereafter be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and

woub5,a 2 which

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. 199

which are, or For the Time being shall be, worth the yearly Rent of five Pounds and upwards, and under Yen *ad vufot the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds, the yearly Sum of Sixpence in the Pound; and upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Household Offices therewith occupied, which noware, or aii^vorh*l. hereafter shall be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain and which are, or for the Time being a Year and up-shall be, worth the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds and upwards, the yearly Sum of one Shilling in the Pound, wards, is, in to be estimated and ascertained in Manner herein after expressed. the Pound,

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said several yearly The new Dutiet

Sums of Sixpence and one Shilling in the Pound, hereby respectively charged as aforesaid, shall be paid to be paid over over and above, and in Addition to, the respective Duties charged upon Houses, by virtue of an Act,

made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Hoofed by the Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights $ and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Win- Act $ Geo. III. dowsy and Lights.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act The Duties, in granted as aforesaid, shall, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in Wales, be paid quarterly,

on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) the fifth Day of January, the fifth -aaCF’ J?.

Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions; p

the first Payment thereupon to be made on the tenth Day of October next: And in that Part of Great and in Scotland Britain called Scotland, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, for the Half Year betwixt half-yearly* Whitsunday and Martinmas-day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, for the Half Year betwixt Martinmas-day and Whitsunday.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties granted by this Act, as The Dutieito

aforesaid, shall be charged only upon the Inhabitants or Occupiers for the Time being of the Houses or be charged on Tenements hereby charged, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, and not on the the Occop«er«f Landlord or Landlords who let or demised the same. Landlord

V. And whereas several Manufactures, Trades, Occupations, and Callings, necessarily require Ware- houses and Buildings requisite for carrying them on, by reason whereof the Persons concerned therein

are obliged to pay large Rents, or have laid out considerable Sums thereon, and it may be a great Hard-

ship upon such Persons to be rated to the full Extent of their respective Rents, or of the Value of the

Premises above mentioned be it further enacted and declared, That such Premises shall not be liable Wtrcboofei,&c. to the Dury imposed by this Act, but the Aflbflment shall be made on the Dwelling-house only, with the BOt toth* HouTehdd Offices belonging to it. Du*»

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty shall be im- nor poor Perfom posed, assessed, or levied, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Dwelling-house, Cottage, or *ho we not Tenement, whereof the Occupier or Occupiers, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty only, is or are to Church exempted from the actual Payment of usual Taxes, Assessments, and Contributions, towards the Church an4Poor# and Poor.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed as How the Dotle* aforesaid shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by Persons to be appointed by the same grantH by this Authority, and shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes in this Act expressed, in such f2 and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and leaed*0" Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for 9 assessing, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights, in and by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act 10 Geo. II, for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty CaP» other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; and by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of Cap. 4*, this Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act Geo. U* for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the Execution of an Act passed in the la ft Session of Parliament, C'P*I0* intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties;" and by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in- 26 Geo. U. tituled. An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Cap. 17. Britain called Scotland; and by an Act, male in the thirty-first Year of the Rci^n of his laid late Majesty, 31 Geo. It. intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and upon C"P*ll* Houses; and upon Win lows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Geo. III. Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon IP indews or Lights; and by the said herein-before mentioned Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them, so far as the same now remain in Force, or are not altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Chiufes, Matters, and Things now in Force, contained in the said several Acts, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assefling, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the several Duties upon Houses or Tenements by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, ns the same are or may be, for the afldling, xaifing, levying, collecting, and charging, the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Acts, or any of

200

The Duties peant?d by this Act to be applied towards Payment of the Annuities granted by the Lot- tery Art of this Session.

The A (Teflon to be allowed 3d. for each House for the first Afft Ilmen t.

Commissioner»

for executing the before-mentioned Arts to execute this Artj

nd for that Purpose to meet on or before April 30, 177S, and before April 30- yearly thereafter.

In case there shall not be a Meeting of the Commissioners within the Time limited by this Act,

they are required to meet as soon as may be thereafter, and to put this Act in Execution,

Notice to be inserted in the Commissioners Precepts Mat the AIL IT 'S under the before-mentioned Acts,

If the Com Tiffin:, ers (A S j: 1 !7 in ScctLnd fL-li Ufjlert to .1")-po.r.t Act'- fT rr, &c. the M3 --srejors apjcint^d undei a<iv ot A t iccited Art n, :.y do ' r.t 11 s P u t;

an i Hi 1 inti: t c* »o;hr flu e

C. 26. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

them, so far as the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Penalties, are applicable hereunto, and not altered by this Act; and that all Monies arising by the said Duties granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Monies, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall, together, with the additional Duties on Wines and Vinegar, granted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his MajestyJeveral additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for tflabliflnng a Lottery; and the same shall not be issued or applied to any other tJle, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and in Consideration of the extraordinary Care and Pains requisite in making and adjusting the first Assessment to be made in carrying this Act into Execution, the Assessor or Alii (Tors shall have an Allowance for such first A fief] me nt of Threepence for each House a defied by him, her, or them respectively; to be had and received from the respective Receivers-general, their Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby appointed and directed to pay the same accordingly, and who shall be allowed the same in passing their Accounts.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Execution of this Act, and for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties hereby granted, the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in Execution the said herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powders therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within Great Britain; and that the said Commissioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in their respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, for which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet, on or before the thirtieth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and shall in like Manner meet yearly, and every Year, at such a Day or Time as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth Day of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to a A in separate Diflrids, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Directions, as are prescribed by the said before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed (except in such Cases in which an Alteration is made by this Act).

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by any Neglect or Default there shall not have been a Meeting of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of the several Powers hereby created, within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as soon as may be after the Time or Times at which such Meetings should have been held, and such Powers should have been executed, according to the Directions of this prefeftt Ad, to meet and execute the same, so as that the said Rates and Duties be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses in this Act, notwithstanding any such Omission or Dcfed; and all such Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect as aforesaid.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be inserted, in the Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places within their respective Diflrids or Divisions whom they shall think fit to be Presentors or Assessors under the said. before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, that such Persons are also "appointed Assessors of the Duties upon Houses or Tenements granted by this Act.

re appointed AflVflors under this Act.

XIII. And, for the more effectual levying and collecting the Duty imposed by this Act in that Part of ( Great Britain called Scotland be it enacted and’ declared, That in case at any Time the Commissioners of Supply in that Part of the Kingdom shall neglect to appoint Assessors, or in case the A (If dors by them pppointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this Act, that then, r in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed under the Authority of any the bdore-recited Acts, to do and perform such and the like Services as are by this or any former Act required from the said Assessors.

XIV. And it is hereby further declared, That when the Surveyors ad in the Capacity of Assessors, they f!di be huicled to the same Reward as is provided for the Assessors in this Act, for the Assessment made in tr.c present Year*

201

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to be appointed Assessor A (Terrors to be as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to ad> in the Execution of the Lid Office or Employment, take fwo;n* (betides the Oaths required to be taken by Assessors by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them) an Oath, or, being one of the People called S$itaken, make and subscribe the solemn Affirmation, in the following Form:

I A.B. do swear (or affirm, as the Case may reqiitre). That, in the Assessment which I shall make of the The Oath. 4 A Houses and Household Offices within the District or Parish for which I am appointed an Afftflbr, I 4 will rate each at the true annual Value, according to The heft of my Judgment and Skill; and that will truly and faithfully execute the Trusts reposed in me, by virtue of an Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for imposing a new Duty on all Houses of five Pounds a Year and upwards.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the said Assessment is to be made, are hereby empowered and required to administer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, so to be appointed AflciTor, shall presume to act in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath (except such Person shall he a Quaker, and shall have made such Affirmation as aforesaid), he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Kill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that the Forfeitures or Penalties so to be incurred (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted), shall be distributed, one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or her who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons, to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, do and shall, before the tenth Day of September in the present Year and in all future Years before the twenty-fourth Day of June, estimate and ascertain, according to the heft of their Skill and Judgment, the full and just yearly Rent, which every such Dwelling-house, with the Household Offices therewith occupied and hereby charged as aforesaid, within the Limits and Places for which they are to act, is really and bona fide worth to be let; and do and shall make an Assessment in Writing of Sixpence in the Pound, according to such Estimate or Valuation, upon the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Dwelling-house, together with other the Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly Value of five Pounds and upwards, and under the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds, in respect thereof; and of one Shilling in the Pound, according to such Estimate or Valuation, upon the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Dwelling-house, together with other the Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds and upwards, in respect thereof: And do and shall, by Writing under their respective Hands, certify the Number of Houses, and other the Premises together with each of such Houses occupied respectively, charged by this Act, within the Limits of such Places as aforesaid, together with the Kents estimated and ascertained as aforesaid for or in respect of the same respectively; and the Names of the several Occupiers or Inhabitants thereof respectively; and the several Sums of Money charged on and payable by them, for or in respect of the same, by virtue of this Act: And likewise do and shall, on or before the tenth Day of September in the present Year and in all future Years on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, deliver the Certificates or Assessments, to be made by them respectively as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, to whom such Assessments shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act, or any two of them, shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next arfrer the Receipt of the same respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, let their Hands to the said respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same Assessors, or by such Surveyor or Surveyors as is or are herein after mentioned, testifying their Allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the Persons named in each of such Affi some nts to be Collectors, or any other two such Persons a* they shall think able and responsible, for the respective Divisions and Places for which they shall be so presented, and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Assessments so by them allowed of, unto the respective Persons by them nominated to be Collectors for each Year respectively, who ate hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the Duties hereby assessed, and to ^ive Acquittances for the same; for whose paying unto the Receiver-general now appointed, or for the Time being to be appointed by his Majesty, or by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in Manner hereby directed, such Money as they shall be charged withal, the Parish or Place for which they are so employed shall be answerable.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and other Places being extraparochial, and not within the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit Persons living in or near the said privileged or other Places as aforesaid, to be Assessors for the said Places, and to make and return their laid Assessments in like Manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish, Tything, or Place; and also to appoint two or more Collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the some according to the Rates appointed by this Act for collecting and paying ail Sums of Muncy payable by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required strictly to perufc the Certificates or

Assessments*

Assessor ailing before hr is Iwot n, shall forfeit sol.

Application of the Penalties.

Assessor? to ascertain, annually, the full yearly K rnt of all occupied Houses within their Dilbidi, and to alleys them accordingly: All rhofe o; 5 1. a Year and unc'er 50 I., at 6 d. in the Pound,* and all those of 50 1. a Year and upwards, at 1 s. in the Pound, AlTcllors to certify to the Com-nriufioners the Number <jf Houses, with the Names of the Occupiers, and the Sums charred on them, dec. Commissionera to sign ttie AffeUrntmti, and to appoint two Collectors for each D:\ifion,

to whom the said A(Vt*Amenta shall be delivered, &c.

Directions for appointing All* fetlors, &c. in pi iv*legal Places.

ComnvfTieners re.ju rrd to p-.r-uic the Comii-,

202

catet, tec. which shall be delivered to them, and to examine the A He flora, dec.; and if they fuf-p;ft that any Houfie is omitted or undercharged, they may summon the Occupier to appear before them.

How Comtnif-iionerrare to act it the Persons summoned do not appear, See,

Duplicates of the AfleAments to be made out,

&c.J

which fta'l contain the Number of Houses, and the Amount of the Duties*

Surveyors may /upervife the Afftflmenti, and amend them, before they are signed by the Commissioners:

And if they dif-ccver any Qjniffions after the Assessments are signed, they are to certify the same to <he Commissionen, Itc.

If any jrcharge is omitted ' he first Half Year, it may be m^tie for the whole Year.

Any House inhabited by different Families, to pay the Duties us if inhabited by one Farr i!y.

Pr< vif, relating to Colleges, Sec, Each Apartn ent in ihr Inns of Court to be dterren an entire Hoi fe. Where* Intuits are cli ugca:>!e vah the I utiesv th*y are t«> t e pai< h’ iheir arcr*4 or »u«ioiani.

C. 26. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Assessments, which by this Act are before directed to be annually delivered to them, and also to examine the Assessors and Presentors thereof; and if the said Commissioners, or any three of them, within their several Limits or Divisions, shall, at the Time of the Delivery of such Certificates or Assessments, or within ten Days after, have certain Knowledge or Cause to suspect that any House, or other Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, which ought to be charged by this Act, is or are omitted in such Certificates; or that any House, or other such Premises, is or are undercharged, or not duly charged according to the Directions of this Act; the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power to summon the Person or Persons occupying such House or Tenement to appear before them at a Day and Place to be prefixed, of which three Days Notice at least shall be given; and if any Person or Persons summoned shall neglect to appear, the said Commissioners may proceed to amend such Assessments, and to charge such Occupier with such Rate as shall appear reasonable from the Evidence before them; and moreover the said Commissioners to whom such Certificates or Assessments shall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three Commissioners of the respective Counties, Shires, or Stewartries, where such Assessments shall be made, shall have Power, and are hereby required, by all lawful Ways and Means, to examine and inquire into and concerning the annual Value of any House, and other such Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, charged in or by any such Assessment, or which shall have been omitted to be charged therein, and thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish the said Assessments, so to be delivered to such Commissioners, to the End that such Duty may be set and imposed upon every such House or Tenement according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after such Perusal and Examination thereof, set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made thereto in the meantime, testifying their Allowance of the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, from Time to Time yearly, cause true Duplicates of such Assessments as aforesaid to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such and the same Manner, and at like Times, as is directed by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Duplicates of the Assessments therein mentioned!.

XXII. Provided always, That in the said Duplicates to be transmitted to the Receivers general, and to the King’s Remembrancer, the Number of Houses shall be inserted, as well as the Amount of the Duties, in order to ascertain the Money which the Receivers-general are directed by this Act to pay to the Assessors for the first Year’s Assessment, at Three-pence each House, and for the Information of the proper Officers who are to allow the same in the Receiver’s Accounts.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Surveyor and Surveyors appointed and to be appointed, under or by virtue of the said several Acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, for the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to inspect, examine, and supervise, the Assessments to be made in or for any such Parish or Place as aforesaid, before the Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such Assessment or Assessments, if he or they shall see just Cause for so doing; and every Person, in whose Custody any such Certificate or Assessment shall be, is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to produce the same: And if any such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, after any such Assessment or Assessments shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or their Survey, that any Houses, and other rremifes as aforesaid therewith respectively occupied, which should and ought to be charged with the Duties hereby granted, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, such Surveyor or Surveyors shall certify the same in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, by way of Surcharge, to any two or more of the said Commissioners, on or before the sixteenth Day of November next, for the first Quarterly Payment, which shall be due on the tenth Day of October next, and thenceforward, and in every future Year, at the same Times they make their Surcharges for the Duties on Houses and Windows, in older to have such Omission or Under-rate rectified in the said Assessment; and the said Commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the Duties levied accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors shall omit to make a Surcharge or Surcharges for the first Half Year, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors to make a Surcharge or Surcharges for the Whole Year.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That where any House shall be divided into different Stories, Tenement's, Lands, or Landings, and shall be inhabited by two or more Persons or Families, the same shall nevertheless be subject to, and shall in like Manner pay, the Duties granted by this Act, as if such House or Ten ment was inhabited by one Person or Family only.

XXVI. Provided always, That each District, Chamber, or Apartment, in any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, as if the same were an entire House.

XXVII. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Chamber or Apartment, in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Person or Persons, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, as if the same were an entire House.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, shall be under the Age of twenty-one Years, in every such Calc the Parents, Guardians, and Tutors, of such Infants respectively, upon Default of Payment by Inch Infants, shall be, and are hereby made liable to, and charged with the Payments which such Infants ought to have m^de; and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors, shall neglect or rdufe to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against them in like Manner as

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26.

against any other Person or Persons making; Default of Payment as herein before is mentioned: And all Parents, Guardians, and Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every Sum and Sums paid for such Infants, in his, her, or their Accounts.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, any House, or other such Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, in the Possession or Occupation of his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family; or to subject or charge any Ambassador or Foreign Minister residing in the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or with the Payment of the said Duties, or either of them

XXX. And, for the better Information of the Commissioners appointed to carry this Act into Exe- cution, and the Surveyors, and the Persons to be appointed Aflellors as aforesaid, with lefpedl to the ‘ annual Rent or Value of all Houses or Tenements charged by this Act, and the better to enable them to perform their Duty,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, and the said Surveyors and Assessors, or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorised by them, or any of them, shall have Liberty to inspect, and to take Copies of, or Extradlsi from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or concerning the Rates payable to the Poor, or any other public Taxes, Rates, or Affi ftments, in any Part of Great Britain within the Limits for which they shall be appointed: And if any Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall rtfufe or neglect to permit the said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the Lid Commissioners with their Books, when required so to do, then, and in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Dwelling-house, or other such Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, chargeable by this Act as aforesaid, shall be estimated or rated at any less Value yearly than that at which the same stands legally rated and assessed to the public Rates, Taxes, and Affiflmenrs, or any of them now subsisting, where such Premises are charged by a Pound Rate, and according to the full annual Value thereof respectively; and when such Premises as aforesaid are charged by a Pound Rate, according to any proportionate Part of the real annual Value thereof respectively, the same shall not be estimated or rated, for the Purposes of this Act, at less than the full annual Value, upon which such Proportions have been computed and taken as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Farm-house shall be assessed or rated as aforesaid for the Purpose of raising the Duty herein mentioned.

XXXIII. And, for the better understanding what is hereby meant as a Farm-house,’ it is further declared, That all Houses bona fide used or occupied for the Purposes of Husbandry only, shall be deemed and taken to be Farm-houses, and no other.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no such Farm-house, which shall be occupied by the Owner thereof, shall be intttled to fudi Exemption, which shall be valued under this Act at more than ten Pounds per Annum, dillincl from the Land therewith occupied.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Hospital, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, to the Payment of the Rate or Duty to be laid by virtue of this Adb.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Occupier or Occupiers of any Dwelling-house or Houses, in any Parish or Place, shall be charged or assessed to the Poor’s Rate or Highway Duty for or in reaped! of any Rates or Duties impofrd and made payable by this Act; buf that such Owners and Occupiers shall continue to be rated and assessed to the Poor’s Rate and Highway Duty in such Manner as they were rated and assessed to the said Rates and Highway Duty respectively at the Time of the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Payment of any of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act by any Occupier or Occupiers of any Dwelling-house or Houses in any Parish or Place, shall not intitle the Person or Persons, so paying such Rates or Duties, to a legal Settlement in such Parish or Place.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Houses shall, within the Intention of this Act, be deemed or taken to be inhabited Houses, except the same shall be inhabited by the Owner, or by a Tenant renting the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated, by any Assessment, Charge, or Su*charge, to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals; and that all such Appeals for the first Quarter shall be heard and determined between the tenth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and the fourth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seven'y-nine; and all future Appeals on the Days appointed, and in the Manner directed, in the several Acts herein-before mentioned with respedb to the Rates and Duties thereby granted.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the Heading of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge or Surcharge made upon any Person by such Assessment as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor or Surv: ynfs as aforesaid; but the same shall (land good, and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination of the Circumstances of the Case upon Oath, that such Person hath been over-rated in and by such Assessment or Surcharge; in which Cases the

203

His Maj; fly ar>4 t. r Rovil Family not liable to p.iy th* Duties j ror Fo-ici^jn Mioifters,

Commissioners,

S jrvryi rs, &c. may inspect, or take Copies of, Parish Rates, &c.

Penalty on Persons polie fled of sinh Rares, who shall refuse such Inspection, Arc.

All Houses to be charged according to the full annual Value, nutwi ih Handing the y may be ©therwife charged in former Rates.

Farm houses not to be rated.

What shall be deemed a Farm-house.

Certain Farm-houses liable to be rated.

Hospitals, 8cc, not to be rated.

Occupiers of Houses not to be assessed to the Poor's Rate or Highway Duty, for any Ratea imposed by this Act.

Payment of the Rates not to intitle any Person to a Settlement. What Houses shall be deemed habitable. Persons overrated may appeal to the Comoaiffiouers.

When Appeals shall be heard.

Commissioners, on hearing of Aipe.ls, not tO make any Abatement in the Assessment, Arc. unless Proof be made on Oath,

204

that the Appellant is overrated.

Persons intending to appeal, are to five io Days Notice to the Aiieilors, &c.

Determination of the Commissioners to be final:

Except, &c. Persons diflatiffied with the Determination of the Commissioners may, in England or Wales, appeal to one of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, &c.;

and in Scotland to or.e of the Judges of the Court of Session, or Barons of Exchequer there.

No Stay of Pro-

fecution to be admitted in any Suir for Recovery of Penalties infilled by this Art.

Constables, Neadboroufchs, ice. to aftift in the Execution of this Art. Persons sued for executing this Art, may plead the General Issue,

and recover Treble Costj.

[Preamble.]

C. 27. Anno decimo ortavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

said Commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered, upon every such Appeal, to abate or diminish any such Assessment to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And every Person intending to appeal to the said Commissioners shall, and is hereby required to give, at the least, ten Days Notice thereof to any Assessor or A(TeflTors, Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Parish or Place wherein such Person is assessed, of such Intention to appeal, and such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, may then and there attend to justify the said Assessment and Surcharge; and such A (Fedor and Assessors, Surveyor and Surveyors, and Appellant, shall have full and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final, except as is herein after directed.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or the Persons so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales* or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors* or Appellant respectively, to require the said Commissioners to (late specially, and to sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to (fate and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being; and every such Justice and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed: And that if such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or the Person so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor or Person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, to date specially and sign the Case upon which the Question arose,'together with their Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners are hereby required to (fate and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Tudgcs of the Court of Session, or of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Judge and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed: Provided always, That notwithstanding any such Case so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons? the De* termination of the said Commissioners shall (land with respect to the Payments which shall become due precedent so the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge, or Baron, upon such Case.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Stay of Prosecution, upon any Command, Warrant, Motion, or Order, or Direction by non vult ulterius prosequi, shall be had, made, admitted, received, or allowed, by any Court whatsoever, in any Suit or Proceeding, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or otherwise, for the Recovery of all or any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned, for or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any Person offending against this Act

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Constables and Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and other his Majesty's Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and act'ifting in the Execution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in that Behalf, by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue an Action, or suffer a Nonpros, or shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raffing, by the most cafy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned;’ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27.

2V$

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, additional Duties, and Impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines and Vinegar imported into Great Britain^ by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction inwards whatsoever, or any Drawback upon Re-exportation afterwards, except as herein after is provided that is to say, For every Ton of French Wine and French Vinegar, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds and eight Shillings; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds and four Shillings; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; the same to be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except as to Discounts and Drawbacks aforesaid), as are mentioned and expressed in the Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second (intituled, An Act for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, and the twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three/, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, by which the said Impositions, Rates, and Duties, upon all Wines and Vinegar imported, were continued and made perpetual; and all Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, not anyways altered by this Act, shall continue in full Force and Effect during the Continuance of the said Impositions, Rates, and Duties, hereby granted, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, securing, answering, and paying, the said Impositions, Rates, and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been again repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay any further Duties upon Wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the Merchants or Importers thereof shall refCtfe to pay or secure the Duties; and which by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Custom, Excise, and inland Duties), are, on such Refusal, directed to be received into the Custody of proper Officers of the Customs, to be publicly fold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Impositions, Rates, and Duties, by this Act granted, mall, from Time to Time, be under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, and their Officers for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such Receiver-general shall weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an Holy day, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holy-day, answer and pay all the Monies arising by the said additional Impositions, Rates, and Duties (the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, and answering the same, only excepted), into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery).

Annuities granted by the Lottery Act of

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Exportation of any Sort of Wine (except French Wines) from this Kingdom, to any British Colony or Plantation in America, as Merchandize, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-

mentioned Duties paid upon the Importation of such Wine by virtue of this Act, except the Sum of three Pounds thirteen Shillings and Six-pence per Ton; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Wine, was, could, or might be made before the passing of this Act.

VI. And, for the better preventing the clandestine Importation of Wines in small Casks, and landing the same in this Kingdom without Payment of Duties, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, no Wines of the Growth or Produce of any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crowns of Spain or Portugal, and that no French Wines, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any smaller Vessel or Cask than what is commonly called An Hogshead, in which such Wines have been usually imported, upon Forfeiture of all such Wines as shall be imported contrary to this Act, together with the Calks and

After April to, 1778, the following additional Duties to be paid on Importation of " Winei and Vinegar into Great Britain t Viz. For every Ton of French Wine or Vinegar, SI. 8»*.; and for every Ton of all other Wine* and Vinegar, 4l. 4*. to be levied, recovered, See, at exorttfed in A£fc 1 Jac.II-or in any other Acts by which the ftidDutiea are continued and made perpetual.

This Act not to extend to damaged or unmerchantable Wine*.

The Datie* to be under the Management of the Commissioner* of the Customs, and to be paid weekly into the Exchequer.

A Book to be kept in the Auditor* Office, in which Hull be entered all the Mooiea arising from the new Duties; which Monies shall be applied towards Payment of the this Session. Drawback of Part of the Duties to be allowed on Exportation of any Wine (except French V lies). to the British Colonies in America.

After Sept. 09, t77*i no Spanish, Portuguese, or French Wines, shall be ireportrd into Great Britain in any Ca/k less thanaHoglhtai.

206

Exception in Favour of Wine# imported for private Use.

[Preamble.]

The General Turnpike Act 13 Geo. III. recited.

So much of the recited Act repealed as orders a double Toll tolre paid for all Carriages whose Wheels are of less Breadth than six Inches,

Trustees may release all Lessees of Tolls f ratal their Contrails at Michaelmas fKxt

Preamble, Recital of an Act 22 Geo. il.;

C 28, 29. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

other Package containing the same (except as herein after is provided); and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and prosecuted in any Court of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively; one Moiety of which Forfeiture (after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale of such Wines) shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall seize and prosecute such Wine.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any French Wines may be imported in Bottles, or that any Wines may be imported in smaller Casks than is hereinbefore limited, without Fraud or Concealment, for private Use, and not by way of Merchandize; any Thing in this Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage', to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain., amend, and reduce into of,

the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes j as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than six Inches, to the Payment of double Toils, and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, a double Toll should be paid for the Passage through Turnpike Gates of all Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than six Inches from Side to Side 5 and for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same: And whereas, by an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said double Toll was suspended until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight: And whereas great Inconveniencies will arise if the said Provision be suffered to take place;’ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enacted, That the Trustees appointed by virtue, or under the Authority, of any Act of Parliament made for repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, or such Person or Persons as they should authorise, should and might, and were thereby required to demand and take, for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than six Inches from Side to Side, at the least, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ftx, double the Tolls or Duties which were or should be payable for the same respectively by any Act or Acts of Parliament made for amending or repairing Turnpike Roads,' before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage respectively, shall be permitted to pais through any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, where Tolls should be payable by virtue of any such Acts; and which, by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was impended until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it QnH and may be lawful for such Trustees, and they are hereby required, to release all Lessees of Tolls, within their respective

Jurisdictions, from their respective Contrafts at Michaelmas next 5 provided forty Days Notice shall have een given in Writing, by any such Leflfee or Lessees, to the Treasurer or Clerk of any such Trustees. respectively.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for impowering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamer* at Greenwich^ in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them in the Parishes of Alnwick, EmbUton, and Warkworth, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in some one or more of the open Common Fields at Corbridge, in the said County pand to empower the said Corfiraissioners and Governors to grant Leases, in Manner therein mentioned-

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and pasted in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Estates of James- late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratclifte, deceased, comprized in several Settlements therein mentioned* 4 in Trustees for an absolute Estate of Inheritance for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for raising certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Ratcliffe; several Baronies, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments f (having been the Estate of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater and Chariet Ratcliffe^ and having

207

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 29.

become forfeited to his Majesty by virtue of the several Attainders of the said James Earl of Derwent- water and Charles Ratcliffe), were by the said Act diverted out of the Crown, and verted in Trustees for the Useand Benefit of the said Royal Hospital: And whereas, by virtue of his Majesty's Royal Charter, His Majesty*

bearing Date the sixth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and feverfty-five, under the Great Charts, dated

, Seal of Great Britain, certain Persons therein named were incorporated by the Name of The Commissioners Dec. 6, 177s i

and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent: And whereas by an ^ai6 Geo. III. 4 Act of Parliament, passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, now held in Trujl for the Bene ft of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by his Ala} fly s Letters Patent, after re- citing several Letters Patent, and the Act of Parliament of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, herein-before recited, it was enacted, That all and every the Barony, Manor, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and Light-house Duties, with their several Rights,

Members, and Appurtenances, thentofore given, granted, devised, settled upon, or verted in, or conveyed, or limited, or demised, or assigned to, any Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for, or for the Use or Benefit of, the said Hospital, or given, granted, or devised* to the said Hospital, by any Gift,

Grant, Letters Patent, Will, Letters of Administration, Act of Parliament, Indentures, Deed Poll, or other Deed in Writing, or other wise howsoever, and the Reversion and Revet fions, Remainder and Re- mainders', Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, should, from and after the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, be diverted out of all and every such Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the same should be, and should be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth settled upon and verted in the said Corporation, being the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, their Successors and Assigns, to the Use of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital,

their Successors and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right, Title,

Interest,' Claim, and Demand, as any Person or Persons whatsoever had, or might or could have, in or to the said Barony, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and Light- house Duties, or in or to any Part or Parcel thereof, upon any Account howsoever, save as therein mentioned: And whereas the several Meffuaees, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, hciein- after particularly mentioned, being Part of the said Estate so verted in the said Commissioners and Gover-

nors, and situate in the Parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the County of Northumberv land. are inppnvejiieptly situated with respect to the other Estates of and belonging to the said Royal Hoff pital; but the Situation thereof is very commodious to the Estates of his Grace the Duke of Northumber- land: And whereas his Grace the Duke of Northumberland is Owner of certain Lands in the open cotn- mon Fields situate and being at Corbridge, in the said County of Northumberland, which lie very corarho- dious to the Estates of and belonging to the said Hospital: And whereas the said Duke of Northumberland,

being desirous to exchange a Part of his said Lands lying in the said open common Fields at Corbridyr*

aforesaid, for the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, belonging to the said Commissioners and Governors, in the said Parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, a Treaty hath been thereupon had, when it appeared manifestly for the Benefit, Advantage, and Convenience of the said Royal Hospital that such Exchange should take place and be completed: And whereas by an Act of A£8 Ow»

Parliament, made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for II#

the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James Earl of Derwent- water and Charles Ratcliffe, it was enacted, That the said Commissioners and Governors should give public Notice in The London Gazette of the Time and Place when and where the said Estates were intended to be let, six Months at least before the Expiration of the Term for which the said Estates were then or should thereafter be let: And whereas there are many Mines and Minerals in and under the said Estates, the Value of which would be greatly reduced and diminished, if they were to be let by public ? Advertisement: And whereas there are also Lands so connected with several of the said Mines and Mi-f ijerals, that it would be inconvenient to have them in the Portession of Tenants not occupying such Mines j*nd Minerals, which may frequently happen, unless the said Commissioners and Governors,

are empowered to let the said Mines and Minerals, and the Lands connected therewith, without Adver- tisement but as the said Mines and Minerals, and the Lands so connected therewith, cannot be let without advertising the same, nor can the said Exchange so proposed to be made with his Grace the Duke of Northumberland be carried into Execution, without the Authority of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

?nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, a *1 by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the The Common feid Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, and they are hereby authorised and empow- of G ten^ich ered to exchange to and with the said Duke or Northumberland, for and in lieu of certain Lands and H^f-itaiem-Grounds of and belonging to the said Duke of Northumberland in the open common Fields at Corbridge aforesaid, the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, hereafter particularly Tithe?

mentioned; that is to say, one Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, situate in Alnvjick, in the &c. for other* said County of Northumberland, with a Garth or Garden to the same belonging or appertaining, boundering Lands '^longing on the East upon the King’s High Street or Road, and on the South upon a Street called Bailey or Bailiff lhe Duke G#fe, on the Wjift by a Messuage and Buildings belonging to Mary Davidson Spinster, and on the North by Lands belonging to the said Mary Davidson and the said Duke of Northumberland\ two Parcels of Ground, with the Appurtenances, called Ratcliffe's Closes, situate near the said Town of Alnwick, boun-dered on t|ie South and £alt by Lands belonging to the said Duke of Northumberland, on the North by Lands belonging to Michael Doubleday Esquire, and on the Weft by the King’s High Road; a Parcel of Ground, with the Appurtenances, called Barbara's Bank, situate near the Town of Alnwick aforesaid,

20S

C. 29.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III» A.D. 1778.

The said Lands, Tithei, &c. to be freed from all Trusts and Limitations expressed in former Alts of Parliament relating to the said Hospital.

Other Lands to be given in Exchange, and to be vested in the Commissionen and Governors, Arc#

tad to be held of the Duke of Northumberland as of his Manor of Corbridge.

Commissioners empowered to let Leases, without adver-eifing the same*

Expences of this Act how to be paid.

Fttblic A a.

boundered on the Eall by wafie Ground belonging to the said Duke of Northumberland, on the Weft and North by Lands belonging to the said Michael Doubleday, and on the South by the River Alne, or by other the right Metes and Bounds; one other Parcel of Ground, with the Appurtenances, situate near the Town of Alnwick, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Parcel of Land called The Goose Close, and boundered on all Sides by the Lands of the said Duke of Northumberland, and which said Messuage or Tenement, Garth, Garden, and several Parcels of Ground, with the Appurtenances, are situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Alnwick, in the said County of Northumberland, and contain together by Estimation nineteen Acres two Roods and twenty-seven Perches, be the same more or Jess; the Tithes of Corn and Grain, and the Tithes of Hay yearly Coming, growing, and renewing, within the Stead Fields of Broxfield, called or known by the Name of The Forefields, in the Parish of Embleton, in the said County of Northumberland, and the Tithes of Hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, in Le Stank, and the Meadow thereunto adjoining, called or known by the Name of Ginfield, otherwise Gynfen Meadow, in the Parish of Alnwick, in the said County of Northumberland fall which laid Tithes were formerly belonging to the Monastery of Alnwick aforesaid); and a MdTuage, Burgage-house, or Tenement, and Garth, with the Appurtenances* and Half Acre of Ground, more or less, in a Field called The Hather Leazes, situate at Warkworth, in* the Parish of Warkworth, in the said County of Northumberland.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and-Hereditaments, so to be exchanged with the said Duke of Northumberland as aforesaid, shall he and enure to, for, upon, and subject to such and the same Uses, Estates, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations^ Restrictions, and Limitations, as are now subsisting of and concerning the Estates of the late Duke of So~ tntrfet, in the said Parishes of Alnwick and Warkworth respectively, freed and discharged, and absolutely. acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against, all the Uses, Estates, Titles, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, expressed and declared in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made concerning any Estates veiled in Trustees for the Use of the said Hospital, or in the said Commissioners and-Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Lands and Grounds at or in the Parish of Corbridge aforesaid, to be exchanged with the said Commissioners and Governors of the— said Royal Hospital, for and in lieu of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth aforesaid, shall be vested in the Corporation being the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, their Successors and Assigns, to the Use of them the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital* and their Successors and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated, of, from, and against all and every the Uses, Estates, Titles, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and* Limitations, in and by any Will, Deed, or Settlement, by which the same is or are now held or enjoyed, or now or at any Time heretofore hath or have been made, created, or declared of and concerning the same; but nevertheless to, for, upon, and subject to such and the same Trusts, Limitations, and Uses, as are by any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the several Estates of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, which are now vested in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the Lantfs and Grounds at or in the Parish of Corbridge aforesaid, so to be exchanged with the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, shall, from and after such Exchange, be held of the said Duke oI Northumberland, as of his Manor of Corbridge, by the like Tenure, and under and subject to the like (but not to any Increased Quit-rents, or Free Rents and Services, as such of the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth aforesaid, so to be given in Exchange as aforesaid, as are lying within and held of the respective Manors of Alnwick and Warkworth, are now respectively held by and subject to.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, and their Successors, from Time to Time, when and so often as they shall think proper and expedient, to make, grant, and execute Leases or Demises of any Mines or Minerals within or under any of the Lands or Grounds vested in them, and also of any such of the said Lands or Grounds as they shall deem necessary and proper to be demised, together with such Mines or Minerals, for any Term of Years, not exceeding twenty-one Years, and from Time to Time to grant Renewals of such Leases or Demises, without advertising the Letting of such Mines or Minerals, or the Lands so thought proper or Intended to be let therewith; provided that no such Renewals do exceed the Term of twenty-one Years from the Time of makirg thereof, and that such Rents, Duties, Terms, and Conditions, shall be reservr&d, made payable, and agreed upon, as the said Commissioners and Governors, and their Successors, shall in their Judgments from Time to Time think mod likely to increase the Revenue of the said Royal Hospital; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs and Charges of this Act frail be paid in the Manner following; that is to say. One Half thereof (except such as shall be due and payable to the Solicitor and Agents of the said Commissioners and Governors for his and their Trouble and Expences) shall be borne and paid by the said Duke of Northumberland, and the other Half thereof, together with such as shall be so due and payable to the said Solicitor and Agents, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without foecially pleading the same.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 30. 209

VIII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every Geneiil Saving, other Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators (other than the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital), all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, as he, she, or they had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, so to be exchanged with the said Duke of Northumberland as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could, might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made*

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the more effectually levying of the Duty upon Servants in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in m

the several Capacities therein mentioned \ and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Cap. To.

Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in Lieu thereof \ and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass y and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty,

uton all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate; it was enacted*

That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there should be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after the Rate of twenty*

one Shillings per Annum for every male Servant, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, who should then have been, or should afterwards be retained or employed in the several Capacities in the said Act mentionetf: And whereas it was by the said Act enacted, That the Duty by the said Act imposed upon Ser- vants should be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by such Persons, and should be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes in the said Act expressed, in such and the like Form and ManT 4 ner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Roles, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying

collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in and by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates to Geo.

and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon CaP* 3*

Houses, Windows, or Lights \ and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Ahnu*

it its, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties j and in and by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for Cap.

granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and in and by an Act*

made in the twenty-nrft Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, % Geo. II.

and further enforcing the Execution of an Act, pofjed in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, 4k An Act for Cap. 10.

repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Ltghts 5 and for granting to his 4< Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties and in and by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for 3/ Ik 4 granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Penftons; and upon Houses; and upon IVin- Caf>’ 22

dows or Lights j and for raising the Sum offive millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act for granting to his Majesty fiveral Rates and Duties upon Windows, or Lights; and by an Act, made 2 Geo. III,

in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties £*p-

upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, Ca 4 and Lights; or by any of them; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties. Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, then in Force, contained in the said several Acts,

or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, should be in full Force, and be truly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessi ng, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Dufies uport Servants, by the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty granted, as fully and effectually,

to all Intents and Purposes, as the same were for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging,

the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them so far as the said Powers, Authorities,

Rules, and Penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty; and that all Monies arising by the said Duty granted by the said last mentioned Act (the necessary Charges for raising and accounting for the same excepted) should, from Time to Time*

be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and should be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: And whereas, by one other Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual levying the Duties upon Windows or Lights, «nd *6 Geo. 11* 4 in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, after reciting as therein is recited, it was enacted, That the Cap. 17.

Duties and Rates, by the Acts therein mentioned, imposed upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should, from and after the fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, be raised, levied, and collected, in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas it is apprehended that the several Provisions, made in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for raising, levying, and collecting, the several Duties or Rates upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be enforced with regard to the raising, levying%

210

The Duty imposed on Servants, in Scotland, by 17 Geo. III. c. 39. ftull be aflTefled. collected, &c. by such Persona, and paid into the Exchequer Under the lijce Penalties, &c. as are appointed for collecting and paying the Duties on Houses and Windows, by Act *6 Geo. II.

If Commissioners neglect to appoint Assessors, or Assessors fail giving proper Notices to Matters, &c. 1 the Surveyors under Act a6 Geo. II. to give the said Notices.

How Surveyors

to proceed in case Matters, &c. neglect to make < ut and deliver proper Lists of their Semite.

The Doty to be paid half-yearly.

C. 30. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

c ^nd collecting, the Rates and Duties upon Servants, in and By the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, to be raised, collected, and levied \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advijce and Confect of thp Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ip this present Parliament fftl’eipbled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duty imposed, by the said Act of the seventeenth of his present Majesty, upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in that Part of this Kingdom called Scotland, By such Persons, and shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes in the said Act expressed, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for aft'efling, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Light?, jri that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in and by the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Force, contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates apd Duties therein mentioned, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, in that Part of this Kingdom called Scotland% for the afieffing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties upon Servants, by the said Act, of the seventeenth of his present Majesty, granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same is or may be for the afilffing, railing, levying, collecting, and charging, the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, in the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his laid late Majesty mentioned, so far as the said Powers and Authorises, Rules and Penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his said present Majesty; and that all Monies, arising by the said Duty granted by the said last mentioned Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, and shall be carried to, and be made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund

II. And, to the End that no Doubts may arise touching the Execution of the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, at any Time hereafter, the Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall neglect to appoint Assessors, or in case the Assessors by them appointed shall fail or neglect to give or leave such Notice or Warning, in Writing, to or for the Master or Mistress of every Servant on whom a Duty is imposed by the said Act; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, within fourteen Days after the Time prescribed by Law for the annual Appointment of the Assessors, to give or leave Notice or Warning, in Writing, to or for the Master or Mistress of every Servant on whom a Duty is imposed by this Act, within the Limits of the Places for which such Surveyors are to act, at his or her Dwelling-house, to prepare and produce, within the Space of fourteen Days then next ensuing, a List, in Writing, of his or her Servants retained or employed within the said District, ^eferibing the Number by him or her retained or employed, the Christian and Surname of each Servant, and the Office or Capacity in or for which each Servant is retained or employed; every such Lift to contain the greatest Number of Servants at any one Time retained and' employed^ in the Cogrfe of the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March in each preceding Year and that every such Master or Mistress do and shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out a List of his or her Servants accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own Hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Surveyor or Surveyors: And in case any such Master or Mistress shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Lift, within the Time before mentioned, then such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from the best Information he or they can obtain, make an Assessment, upon such Master or Mistress so refusing or neglecting, for or in respect of the Number of Servants so retained or employed by such Master or Mistress, diltingui thing them by their Christian and Surname, and their respective Employments; and every such Assessment so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal, shall be final and conclusive upon such Master or Mistress, who shall not be at Liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such Master or Mistress shall prove that he or she were not at their respective Dwelling-houses at the Time of the Delivery of such respective Notices, nor between that Day and the Time limited for their delivering their respective Lifts to the Surveyors; or unless such Master or Mistress shall alledge and prove such other Excuse for not having delivered their Lifts, as the Commissioners in their Judgment shall think reasonable and sufficient*

III. And be it further enacted and declared. That, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every Person charged with the Duty granted by the said Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, by themselves, or others for their Behoof, pay in the Duty with which they are charged, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, yearly, for the half Year betwixt Whitsunday and Martinmas-day; and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly, for the half Year betwixt mar* tinmas and Whitsunday.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo odiavo Georgii III. c. 31.

iii

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of sixty thousand Pounds /><?r Annum \ and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princtfles Charlotte Augufia Matilda, Augitfta Sophia, Eliza-bethy Marjy and Sophia, one other Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds />*r Annum \ and also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frederick one other Annuity of eight thousand Pounds Annum; and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda one other Annuity of four thousand Pounds per Annum.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty hath been pleased to recommend to the Consideration of your faithful Commons, that a competent Provision should be made for your Majesty's six younger Sons, and also for your Majesty's Daughters, to take Effect after the Demise of your Majesty (whom God long

preserve)j and also for the Son and Daughter of your Majesty's dearly beloved Brother the Duke of

other Things enabled and declared, That all and every Grant, Lease, or other Assurance, which, from and after the twenty* fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and two, should be made or granted, in Manner therein mentioned, of any the Manors, Messuages, Larids, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein specified, other than such Grants, Leases, and Aftufances, as are therein excepted,

should be utterly void and of no EffWt; and by another Act, made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Pqjl-officefar all her Majestys Dominions $ and C*P*

for fit t ling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the Wary and other her Majestys Or- capons, to the Intent tfiat the Inheritance of such Part of the Duties and Revenues arising in and by the General Letter-office or Post-office, which was thereby veiled in her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, undeterminable, as therein mentioned, might be preserved in the Crown for the future Bener fit thereof, it was (among other Things) enacted and declared, That the same, or any Part thereof?

should not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for any, Estate?

Term, or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of her Majesty, or of such Kingor, Queen as should make such Alienation, Charge, 01 Grant respectively; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations,

or Assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of, or charged upon, the same Duties or Revenues, or anf Part thereof, contrary to the Provssions of that Act, should be null and void: And whereas by an Act,

made in the first Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majestfs House- r Geo. III.

holdy and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, the Duties and Revenues commonly C»P* fc called The Hereditary Revenues, together with several temporary Duties and Revenues thereby continued,

and alt other Branches and Revenues which, on the twenty-fourth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, flood settled or appointed to go and be paid towards the Support of the Household of his late Majesty King George the Second, of blessed Memory, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown?'

and certain other small Branches of your Majesty's Revenues therein also expressed (except as therein excepted), were, during your Majesty's Life, carried to and made Part of the General or Aggregate Fund,

established by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First:

And whereas by another Act, made in the fifth Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter *nd$ Geo. n&

certain Rates of Postage \ and to amende explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth C*P 4 Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Poji-offce \ it was engfted,

That all the Monies Arising by the Rates therein before-mentioned (except as is therein excepted) should be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses to which the then Rates of Postage were respect lively by Law appropriated and made applicable: Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal jests, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration the nre-'

fertt State of your Royal Family, more numerous in its Branches than these Kingdoms have had the Hap-4~piness of seeing in any former Reign; and thinking it highly just and reasonable that your Majesty should1.

be enabled to make Provision for their honourable Support and Maintenance ;\ do therefore most humbly, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, by ai\d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the His Majesty em-Kin >’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent, or by several Letters Patents, under the Great Seal powerrdto ftttlr of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto their Royal Highnesses Prince Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, Prince William Henry, Prince Edvcardy Prince Erne ft Augustus, Prince Augustus.Frt- f

dericky and Prince Adolphus Frederick, and to the Survivors anc| Survivor of them, or to such other Person 6<xoo»l. per or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during Anoom, to the Lives of their said Royal Highnesses, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trpft for their said Royal Highnesses, and the Survivors or Survivor of them, one Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain by the Year, to commence and take Effect from the Day of tile Demise of his Majesty' (whom God long preserve), and to be paid and payable,

4

commence from the Demise of his Majesty

212

C. 31.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177ft.

and to be charged upon mey of the he ?!drary Duties which, by 1 Geo. III. Cap 1. were made Part of the Aggregate Fund, dtc.

No one of the Princes to have a greater Annuity than 15,000l. a Year.

His Majesty em-

on the five Prin ce files hi* Daughters an Annuity of 30,000l. per Annon, to comr^ei ce from the Demise of his Majesty;

on the Duties above-mentioned.

by even and equal Portions, on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that i9 to say) the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October; the fir(i Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days which shall next happen after the Demise of his said Majesty; and that such Annuity, or yearly Sum of Money as aforesaid, shall or may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, be given and granted to issue, and shall accordingly issue and he payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, all or any Part or Parts of such of the hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, as were by the said Act, made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majestys Household^ 'and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made Part ot, the said General or Aggregate Fund, and shall be then subsisting 5 and out of and upon such Part of the Rates of Portage granted determined by the said Ac\, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Pcfiage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post-office, 2s shall then belong to, and be Part of, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act, or in the Letters Patent to be made in pursuance thereof*

contained, or to be contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give and grant a greater Annuity

or yearly Sum than fifteen thousand Pounds by the Year, to any one of the said Princes.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent, or by several Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant to their Royal Highnesses Princess Charlotte Au-

powered 10 feitle gufia Matilda, Princess Augusta Sophia, Princess Elizabeth, Princess Mary, and Princess Sophia, and to the «n fK.fi»*Pnn. Survivors and Survivor of them, or to such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during the Lives of their said Royal Highnesses, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trust for their said Royal Highnesses, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, one other Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain by the Year, to commence and take Effect from the Day of the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve), and to be paid and payable, by even and equal Portions, on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say) the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October; the first Payment thereof to be made on such and to be charged of the said Days which shall next happen after the Demise of his said Majesty; and that such last-mentioned Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall or may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, be given and granted to issue, and shall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, all or any Part or Parts of such of the hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, as were by the said Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majestys Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made Part of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such Part of the Rates of Postage, granted by the said Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, freer al Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post-office, as shull then belong to, and be Part of, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of any of their said Royal Highnesses the Princesses, or upon the Marriage of any one of them, and the Payment of a Portion, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, the Right, Title, Share, and Interest, of such Princess so dying, or being married, in and to the said yearly Rent or Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall cease and determine, and the said whole Annuity shall, from thenceforth, accrue and remain to the four other Princesses; and upon the Death or Marriage of any other of the said Princesses, and the Payment of a Portion, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share, and Interest, of such other Princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine, and the said whole Annuity shall from thenceforth accrue and remain to the three other Princesses; and upon the Death or Marriage of any other of the said Princesses, and the Payment of a Portion, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share, and Interest, of such other Princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine, and two third Parts of the said Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, amounting to twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, and no more, shall accrue and belong to the other two Princesses then unmarried; and upon the Death or Marriage of either of the said two last mentioned Princesses, and Payment of a Portion, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in ’ Consideration of stich Marriage, the Right, Share, and Interest, of such Princess, of, in, and to the said Annuity of twenty thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine, and the other of the said Princesses then living, shall be intitled to twelve thousand Pounds per Annum, Part of the said Rent or Annuity of twenty thousand Pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her Death or Marriage, and the Payment of a Portion, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage.

Hia Majestyem

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and powered to settle for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent, or by several Letters Parents, under the »n Annuity of Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto his Highness Prince William Fre-Annumon' derick, the Son of his said Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, or to such other Person or Persons as his Prince William Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during the Life of him Frederick, to the said Prince William Frederick, in Trust for him the said Prince William Frederick, one other Annuity or C?*1|\i!icer k00 yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of eight thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain the oth*of* by Year, for and during his natural Life, to commence and take Effect from the Day of the Drcrease of Giuucefteri lus said Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, and to be paid and payable, by even and equal Portions, on' 1 - the

Regulations for dividing the said Annuity upon the Marriage or Death of any of the Prioccflci.

213

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31.

the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day ofjulyr and the tenth Day of October; the first Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days which shall next happen after the Decease of the said Duke oi Gloucester \ and that such last mentioned Annuity or yearly Sum shall or may, by such Letters Patent as afnrefaiil, be given and granted, during the Continuance of the said Act, made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and of another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Support of his Majesty's House-bold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, to issue, and shall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, the several yearly Rents or Sums by the said Acts directed to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Duties and Revenues composing the said Fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund* for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Acts, the same shall or may be given and granted, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to issue, and shall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, all or any Part or Parts of such of the said hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, as were thereby carried to, and made Part of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such Part of the Rates of Postage granted by the said Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in ether* Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post-office* as shall then belong to, and be Part at, the hereditary Revenue of the Crown.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by such Letters Patent, or by several Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto her Highness Princess Sophia Matilda, the Daughter of his said Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, or to such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit, to be named in such Letters Patent, artd his or their Heirs, daring the Life of her the find Princess Sophia Matilda, in Trust for her the said Princess Sophia Matilda, one other Annuity or yearly Sum of Money; not exceeding the Sum of four thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain by the Year, for and during her natural Life, to commence and take Effect from the Day of the Decease of his said Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, and to be paid and payable, by even and equal Portions, at the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April\ the fifth Day of July* and the tenth Day of October \ the first Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days which mall next happen after the Decease of the said Duke of Gloucester\ and that such last mentioned Annuity or yearly Sum shall or may, by such Letters Patent, be given and granted, during the Continuance of the said Acts made in the first and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign«/ir the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, to issue, and be payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the several yearly Items or Sums, by the said Acts directed to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Duties and Revenues composing the said Fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the Expiration of the said A efts, the same shall or may be given and granted, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to issue, and shall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and charged and chargeable, upon, all or any Part or Parts of such of the said hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, as were thereby carried to, and made Part of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such Part of the Rates of Postage granted by the said Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage \ and to amende explain* and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post-office," as shall then belong to, and be Part of, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

and to be charged on the Aggregate Fund,

and the hereditary Duties, &c. before-mentioned.

His Majesty empowered to settle an Annuity of 4.C001. per Annum, oa the Princefa Sophia Matilda, to commence from the Decease of the Duke of Giou* cefier j

and to be charged on the Aggregate Fund, &c, as the last mentioned An-unity.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, or to be contained in such Letters Patent as aforesaid, shall extend to hinder or obstruct the Payments of any Monies, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, charged upon the said Rates, Duties, and Revenues, or any of them, or the Application thereof to the respective Uses intended by such former Acts concerning the same, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, which by virtue of this Act, and such Letters Patent as aforesaid, shall or may take Place and Effect during the Continuance of the said Act, made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, mall, during the Continuance thereof be paid and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; and, from and immediately after the Expiration thereof, all the said Annuities or yearly Sums above mentioned to be given and granted by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and payable either at the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or by and from the immediate Hands of all and every the Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers for the Time being, of the said Revenues respectively, upon which the said Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged by virtue of ifnis Act, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of their said Royal Hiehnefies Prince Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, Prince William Henry Prince Edward, Prince Ernrjj Augustus, Prince Augustus Frederick, and Prince Adolphus Frederick, and of their said Royal Highnesses Princess Charlotte Augujla Matilda, Princess Augujla Sophia, Princess Elizabeth* Princess Mary, and Princess Sophia, and of their Highnesses Prince William Frederick, and Princess Sophia Matilda, respectively, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or of such of them as shall be intitled to receive any such Annuity or yearly Sum, or any Part thereof, or

This Act not to

obflru& the Payment of any Sums heretofore charged on the said Duties. Annuities to be paid, without Fee, at the Exchequer, or by the Commissioners, &c, of the Revenue* on which they are charged j

and the Receipt* of their Royal Highnesses the Princes and Princesses, &c, shall be furheient Discharges for the false.

2 14

Ar nuitlfs to be Tax-free.

In case the Officer of the Receipt of the Exchequer, &c. stall nr^-led to pay the Annuities on Demand, they* or their Securities, may be sued for the v (a»ne.

Provifj relating to the Payment of the Annuities.

All the Power*, Directions, &c. to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be effectual in Law, notwithstanding any RcAr ttions contained in any of the before recited Acts, dec.

General Saving.

FVin tie. Rectt .^i of A ds 11 & 12 Gul. III.

V

C. 32. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177c.

of any Person or Persons authorised by them, or any of them respectively, to receive the same, shall be a good 2nd sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf; and that the said respective Annuities or yearly Sums, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other public Charges whatsoever: And that if the Officer of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers for the Time being, of any of the said Duties or Revenues, upon which the said Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall relufe or neglect to pay the same, upon Demand to be made for that , or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent of this Act, and of such Letters Parent or Letters Patent?, to be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid, then their said Royal Highnesses Prince Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, Prince William Henry, Prince Edward, Prince Erne,! Augustus, Prince Augustus Frederick, and Prince Addphus Frederick, and their said Royal Highnesses Princess Charlotte Av.gufta Matilda, Princess Augusta Sophia, Princess Elizabeth, Princess Mary, and Princess Sophia, and their Highnesses Prince William Frederick, and Princess Sophia Matilda, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or such of them as shall be intitled to receive the said Annuities, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or such their Trustees respectively, may, from Time to Time, sue, prosecute, and implead, such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their Securities, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment?, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said several and respective Annuities, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, at the Time and Times when such Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, That if any of the said respedivr Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part thereof, shall cease to be chargeable upon, and payable out of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, or any Part thereof, and shall become chargeable upon, and payable out of, all or any of the said hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, between any two of the said quarterly Days of Payment; then, and in such Case, such Annuities respectively shall, at the next Quarter Day, be payable, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the said General or Aggregate Fund, and out of the said hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, in Proportion to the Times during which the same were, in the Course of such Quarter, so chargeable and* payable, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Precepts, Directions, and Clauses, to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain Payment and Assurance of the said several Annuities or yearly Sums, and for m iking the said respective Revenues, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, liable thereunto as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, in the said Letters Patent or Letters Patents to be expressed, notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in thfe said recited A cl, made in the first: Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majestys Hoijehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; and notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne% intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-office for all her Majestys Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the I Tar, and other her Majesty's Occasions; and notwithstanding any Restriction’or other Mar-ter or Thing contained in the said Act, made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; and notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act, made in the fifth Year of iiis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Po/lage 5 and ts amend, explain, and enlarge, several Prov ftons in an Act made in the ninth Year of thes Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post-office > and notwithstanding any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Misrecital, Nonrecital, Omission, or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent or Letters Patents, hereafter to be made by virtue of this Act.

XI. Saving to alf and every Person and Person*, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs, Executors', Administrators, and Assigns (other than the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such Right, Title, 'Intercil, and Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the Revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act haft not been made j any Tfling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for further continuing so much of certain Duties as have by several Acts of Parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Ryey in the County of Suffice.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Year of King William the Third, in-‘ y V titu'ed. An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour, certain Duties were laid upon Slops and Vessels A for raising Money for that Purpose, and the said Duties were to continue to the first Day of AIay, one 6 4 thousand

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 32.

2I-5

thousand seven hundred and nine: And whereas the said Act was by two A 3s, one made in the second Year of Queen Anne, and the other in the fourth Year of King George the First, further continued till

2 Anna*,

4 Geo. 1.

9 Geo. r.

of SulTcx

to its ancient Goodness, the said Dunes were further continutd until the firfb Day of May% one thousand seven hundred and foity-four, and one Third Part thereof directed to be applied to the Harbour of Dover, and the other two Third Parts to the repairing the said Harbour of Rye, and restoring it to its ancient Goodness: And whereas by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the *> 3*Cco11* Second, the said Duties were further continued for the Term of twenty-one Years: And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his said late Majesty, it was declared, That from the Expiration of the last mentioned Term, which would happen on the twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, one Moiety or Half Part of the said Duties granted and continued by the said former Acts, should be granted and continued for a further Term of twenty-one Years, and be applied only to the Benefit and Support of the Harbour of Dover: And whereas by an Act, made in the fourth Year of Geo. 11,#

his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing one Moiety of the Duties granted by an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Tear of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have

coin-, continued by the said former Acts, and which was not appropriated by the said Act of the thirty-fi ft Year of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the said twelfth Day of Muy% one thousand seven hundred and sixtynve, for the further Term of twenty-one Years, and directed to be applied for the Purpose of completing the said Harbour of Ryey in Manner in the said Act mentioned, and for main- taining and keeping in Repair the said Harbour for the future: And whereas the Works directed to be done to the said Harbour of Rye have been in a great Degree performed, but the same cannot be completed without a fttll further Expence: That in the carrying on the Works a considerable Debt has been contracted, which cannot be paid off, and the Harbour completed, unless the Dudes are further continued :’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and' Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Moiety, of the said Duties so continued and appropriated by the said Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, further continued from the Expiration of the Term thereby granted, for and during the further Term of twenty-one Years; and that so much and such Part of the Powers and Authorities thereby respectively given, and all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein contained, as is or ate now in Fouce respecting the said Harbour of Ryc> shall, for collecting, recovering, managing, disposing of, securing, and accounting for the said Moiety of the Duties hereby continued, and the Arrears thereof, if any, under the said former Acts, or any of them, and for the completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye, and to that End for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in the said Acts, or any of them, be continued, and be in full Force during the said extended Term, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoeverj as if the same were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And whereas by the said Act, of the fourth Year of his present Majesty, it is directed, that a Dam shall be fixed across the River Rother, as is therein particularly mentioned: And whereas a Power was given to the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution to alter the said intended Plan, under certain Regulations: And whereas, at a Commission held in consequence of the said Power, it was unanimousiy agreed to alter the Disposition of the said Dam, so that the River Rother be carried to the Eastward or Southward of the Town of R)e:’ Be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners for putting the said Act and this Act in Execution shall, and they are hereby directed and requited, as loon as may be, to ered and complete a Dam across the River Rother, at some convenient Place to the Eastward or Southward of the Town of Rye, in order to turn the Freshes of the said River into the new Channel leading to the new Harbour: And that if it shall fp happen that the said Dam shall not be completed within the ^ace of ten Years from the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed and required to remove, within the Space of six Months after the Expiration of the said Term of ten Years as above mentioned, all Obstructions which do or may prevent the Brcade Channel and the 77/-lirgham Channel Irom following -their ancient Course into the River Rother, or that they shall cause such Works to be done as may effectually answer that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed and required to build and ered a Sluice upon and across the Tillingham Channel, at some convenient Place above the Strand Channel, for the Purpose of scouring the said Strand Channel, and to keep open as well as may be the new Channel leading down to the new Harbour; which said Sluice shall be built and erected within the Space of one Year from the Time the Pier intended to be built at the Entrance of the new Harbour shall be erected, which said Pier is hereby required to be the first Work done after the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy, any Dams, Sluices, or other Works, made or erected, or to be made or erected, for the Security of the said Harbour, by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, or any or ei:her of them, such Person or hersons shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be fubied to the like Pains and Penalties a^ in Cases of Felony; and the Court, before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to punish in like Manner as other Felons are directed

The Duties continued by the Act 4 Geo. III. further continued for twenty^ one Years.

Commissioners to erect a Dam across the Rother near the Town of Rye.

A Sluice to be built across Til-lwigham Chan-mi,

Persons dams-gin<» the Wo'ka

imv be p uni food as Felons.

216

Expenettof this Act how to be pftid.

[Public Act.]

[Preamble.]

Commissioners

Names*

C. 33, 34. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may, if the said Court shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in and about obtaining and passing this Act, shall, as soon as the same can conveniently be done, be paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said former Acts, or this Act, relating to the Harbour of Rye.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall he deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices/and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Fish, and regulating the Fisheries, in the Rivers Severn and Ferment.

[Preamble.]

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

u Recital of Act 1 Eliz. and 30 Car. II. Putt Fisheries described. Restrictions contained in 4< Act 30 Car. II. injurious. So much of Acts 1 Eliz. and 30 Car. II. as relate to Length of Nets and Size of Meshes, below the Bridge, &c. repealed. Regulations relating to the Time of Fishing, the Size €t of the Meshes, &c. Penalty on Persons offending against the said Regulations. Penalties may be levied u by Distress. On Failure of Distress, Party to be committed. On Information on Oath that improper Nets, &c. are suspected to be used. Search Warrants may be granted. Penalty on Persons caofing Obstructions in Fishing-draughts by anchoring of Vessels. Improper Nets found fixed across the Rivers may he destroyed. Justices may grant Warrants to search for illegal Nets. Angling allowed on certain Conditions. Clause for preventing fishing in the Night-time, and for otherwise preserving 11 the Fish. Stakes to be fixed in the River, to preserve the Fry and Breed of Fish. Limitation of Actions* * How Justices to proceed for Conviction of Offenders. Form of Conviction. The Penalty inflicted by Act 1 Geo. I. for catching Fish under Size, may be mitigated. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. This Act not to affect any ancient Putt Fisheries, except as aforesaid. Beginning and Ending of the Lord’s Day. This Act not to extend to Shrimp Nets.

[Public Act.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candleshoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln.

WHEREAS in the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candleshoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, there is a large and extensive Tract of Country, Part whereof borders*

for several Miles, on the German Ocean, in which there are forty-four Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, besides the three Market Towns of Spilsby, Burgh, and Wainfleet All Saints, several of which

are rendered very populous* as well by the Vicinity of several considerable Tracts of Commonable Lands and Wafbe Grounds therein, containing in the Whole forty thousand Acres and upwards, called The Fens (whereon several Thousands of People, by fishing, fowling, cutting of fuel, Reed, and other Thatch, entirely subsist and maintain themselves and Families), as of the Seaport Town of Bojlorty and

by that Means carries on a considerable Trade with the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, Villages, Ham lets, and Places, to a great Number of whom they are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money,

amounting in the Whole to a large Sum of Money yearly, who frequently refuse, although well able,

to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under, from the great Expences they are unavoidably put unto in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards of thirty Miles distant from any of the said Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candlef)joe: And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Soake and Wapentake, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit thereinmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Atkinson, Samuel Abraham, Samuel Abraham the younger, Charles Allenby, William Ash the younger* Robert Carr Brackenbury, the Reverend Thomas Booth, Andrew Betti, John Blythe, Thomas Barr, George Bur man, Benjamin Baxter, William Baxter, Thomas Bright well, John Barker, William Barker, John Bourne, Cuthbert Blythe, Lawrence Barker, Robert Booth, John Burton, John Bagley, John Burnitty William Burton, William Barn father the younger, Thomas Barker, the Reverend Edward Codd, Thomas Cracrofty William Chapman, Jo/. n Chapman, Thomas Collisy William Cock, Joseph Dickinson, Thomas Dauby John Dcddsy Robert Downs, Thomas Dodds, John Dawson of Burgh, the Reverend Edward Evans, Willingham Franklin, Thomas Ford, Robert Fozuler, William Goodwin, Richard Gref veil, William Goodwin the younger, George Gunnis, John Gill, John Grantham, James Garner, John Grayjley, James Hairby, Butler Hair by y John Hairby, Hairby Hill, John Hollarn, John Hoi I am the younger, John Hill, Thomas Hubhert, William Horny Richard Hall, Martin Jessop, Christopher Jessop, William Knowles, the Reverend Richard Loxham, John Leemany Henry Longjloff, William Lee, John Lincoln, Samuel Lovell, Robert Lely, the Reverend Charles Mycrs, John Mason, Godfrey Morton, William Metis, Robert Martin, Thomas MaulkifJorj, John Mowbray, James Miller, Thomas Pocklinton Miller, Edward Overton, Gilbert Pilkington, the Reverend William Pennington, Robert Pocklinton, William Pocklinton. William Palethorpe, Edward Pollexferty Stethen Palmery John Pickbcrn, Samuel Petchell, William Pinchbeck, Joseph Robertson, Robert Rajhdally John Rafhdall, Francis Riggail, Thomas Reckitty Thomas Ranfon, John Saul, John Saul the younger, John Smithy Jolm Smith the younger, Robert Snowdeny George Spragge, Joim Snell, John Palmer Tinder, the

c. 34.

When and where the Court shall beheld.

If three Commissionert shall not assemblr, the Clerk may v adjourn the r Court*

A.D. 1778. Anna decimo octavo Georgii III#

Reverend Richard Vefcy, George Wright, George Wright the younger, Samteel 1 Veils Tloomas Walker, TIjo* mas Willton, Vincent Ward, Philip Wright, Benjamin Wright, George Ward, Thomas Webjier, and John Younger, shall be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners, Commissionera and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of The Court of confuted a Requejh for the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of CandldChoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County Court of Lincoln; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court in the Towns of Spilsby,

IVainfect Ail Saints, Sibfey, and Burgh, alternately, and by Turns, once in every Fortnight; (to wit)

On every Friday Fortnight, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in a Court-house, or foine convenient Place, to be provided by the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be assembled at some General Meeting to beheld for that Purpose; which General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be for the first Fortnight at Spilsby aforesaid, on the Friday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act; and for the second Fortnight at Wainfeet All Saints aforesaid, on the Friday four Weeks next after the passing of this Act; and for the third Fortnight at Sibfey aforesaid, on the Friday six Weeks nex't after the passing of this Act; and for the fourth Fortnight at Burgh aforesaid, on the Friday eight Weeks next after the passing of this Act; and for the fifth Fortnight at Spilsby again, on the same Day of the Week; and so on in Succession and Rotation; provided that no Court shall be holden on Good Friday, or on Christmat-day when Christmas-day shall fall on a Friday, in either of which Cases the Court shall be holden on the next pro-ceding Day.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Day, within fourteen Days from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or till the next General Court Day to be held by Rotation sb aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed^ Power ofth^ and their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, from Time Commissioners to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such Gaufes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as hereafter is mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees

therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Cods, both against the Bodies and the Goods and

Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment*

Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, whose Name (lands first on the Lift of the Commissioners directed to be kept in the Court-house, or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling

Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, and as often m

it shall be necessary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein-before particularly named, or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their refusing or neglecting, for the Space of twelve Calendar Months, to ad herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any eleven or more of them, to meet and assemble together, at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to ad, and to elect and appoint one or more Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying, or refusing to ad; and every such Commissioner so elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby enabled to ad in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Adv ’

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Thomas Walker Gentleman shall be, and is hereby conflicted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and; that WilliaiA Rowson and Henry Baxter shall be, and are hereby conflicted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court of Requests; who shall continue Clerk and Serjeants of the said Court so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

VI. Provided always, That no Commissioner, or any Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling- victualler*, house, Ale-house, or other House of any public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, not to hold any Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or placcof pJ0^ any other Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the, Place of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Misbehaviour, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet at some convenient Place, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and a Majority of the said Commissioners so met are hereby authorised and required to chuse and appoint another tit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein*before named and chosen, and his Successors, so from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall make, and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Part of each of the said Courthouses, fair and complete Lifts in Writing of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be cledfed and appointed as aforesaid; and shall also, and is and are hereby empowered and required to issue, or cause to be issued out, all Sumcaonfes, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to

legifter

When CortmtCi sioners die, or ' xefitfc to act, new ones us chosen.

First Clerifc and Serjeants ap--/ pointed*

Election Of future Cleric an$ Ssije^Qta. -

Clerk to fix of Lists of Commissionere in the C>)urt-house j and to tifje Summonses, and remitter Ofdeis, &c.

Anno dec'mo octavo Georgii III.

218

Srrjcanti to Icrvc Precepts.

Persons may sue for Debts under 40 s.

How Officers «ie to proceed*

Commissioners

may regulate Proceedings

i.

«n<5 administer Oaths,

On NoTT-appear-nce of Defendant, Commissioners may proceed ex parte;

and on Non-appearance or Non-suit f Plaintiff, »i»y award

Costs,

Commissioners tfnav award Execution j

C. 34:

A.D. 1778.

register and enter, or cause to be regidered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgment?, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by him and them, and kept for that Purpose; and that the Serjeant and Serjeants heiein-before named and chosen, or from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and is and are hereby empowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments; Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all Inch Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by them.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who how hath or have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts,\ not amounting to the Sum of fuity Shillings due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Ri.;ht, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trudee, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or redding within the Soake of Boh*gbvoGke and Wapentake of Conmisjlyoe aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or trading and dealing, or leeking a livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons, in Writing under his Hand, diiefted to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear, at a certain Time and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Soake and Wapentake aforesaicT; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall seem most just and equitable.

X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual for the Purposes thereof/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Time being, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners all'embled in Court as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the better regulating of the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary, and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter, the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the Clerk, and respective Serjeants or Officers, of the said Courts for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconfident with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only; according to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine, all Matters of Debt, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, and the Cods of Suit, as to them shall Item agreeable to Equuy and eood Conscience.

XI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more f them assembled in Court, and they are hereby empowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Witncdes as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them assembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause, to be allowed by the said Court, refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Colts, as to them shall seem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Cods, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Cods ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, at

e

219

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 34.

the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Seal, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of any of the said Courts; who, by virtue of any such Precept ill'ued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to betaken and apprehended, such Party or Parties, being within the Soake and Wapentake aforesaid, and to convey him, her, commit the or them, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said County of Lincoln, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment; so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Calendar Months; and such Serjeants, by virtue of such Precept itiued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered to levy, by Dilirefs and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the Soake and Wapentake aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed; and it the Party ag.tinct whose Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by fe-creting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Distretion, to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the respective Serjeants, in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be iliucd, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any' When Debts are

three or more of them, shall at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the fre®er*j

Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several C opayments, then, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the missioners may

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the instance of award E«ecution the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the «p*»n the first whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Colls as to them ml*tu 1 0 shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the same Process, and in like Manner, as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Precept to be issued upon any On Erecor^n, Execution, awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who issues

the same shall express and let down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered and c^j#> decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, in wut C*f« before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken E«r«iturn (hJ.l and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause be fu^ifcJed. to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of

Aloney, and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and piying over

such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court, for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison, then, and in such Case and cases, the Execution shall be superleded, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or Parties, shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the Serjeant? *il-said Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Ne- fu lv after, gledf, cause or fufter the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall he awarded, to escape or ah-

lcond, or the Goods of such Party or Parties to be carried away or fecrered, so as such Execution shall top#T."

not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more DsU and Coils, of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and* due Proof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums nf Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as are herein provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVIII. And be it further cn ?61ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting CMnnn-’iTi>nrn as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or (being of the People to hi f*° called Qukers) made an Affirmation, to the following Effect; (that is to say)

I A.B. do fwe3r (or affiim). That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the b.ft of The Oith. 4 A my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall Ire brought before me, by viituc of an Act of Parliament fir the more erf; and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Siale of Boiir.gbrooke and IVafmtake of Candleshoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the Ciunty of Lincoln, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to cither Party.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Courts or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath; is and are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk of the said Courts shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof* to be entered, tn the Register of ther Lid Courr.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, of any Court whatsoever, (bait allowed to pleai or maintain any Privilege against the Price's, Authority* JurisdiifVm, or Judgment of the said Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests ab *n Attorney or Advocate in Behalf of ar.y Plaintiff or Defendant.

thfre-Of to be r^ciitcr-ed.

No Attorny,

fcc. to ... a.;, or

in the Courr.

920

Tabic of Fees j

To bclning in the Court* house.

Costs in no Case to exceed 15 s.

Penalty on Officers taking greater Feet#

Clerk and Serjeants may be displaced for Mtfbehariottr*

No Commissioner. Set. to act where inte rest ed.

C. 34. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Feds herein after liVnited and expressed, and no other, ihadl be taken by the Clerk or Serjeants, or their Successors, tot his and their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

2# the CLERK.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence.

Forlffuing every Summons, Sixpence.

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Threepence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence.

- If by Instalments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledge g Satisfaction in the Clerk's Book, Sixpence*

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult oi Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners* Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within any of the Towns of Spil/by, Sibfey% Burgh, and Wainfleet All Saints, and attending the Court with the Return thereof, Sixpence.

- If out of any of the said Towns, Threepence more for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling. — If out of any of the Towns of Spil/by, Sibfey> Burgh, or Wainfleet All Saint j. Threepence more fojf every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent, to Prison, Sixpence for every Mile*

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up, by the Clerk of the said Courts, in (bmf conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the same.

XXI. Provided always, That no Cods to be given, awarded, or allowed, by the said Commissioners shall, in any Case whatsoever, exceed the Sum of fifteen Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk, or any of the Serjeants of the said Court, for the Time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward than what are herein-before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence^ forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk, or any of the Serjeants, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Negle<\or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof made upon Oath, in open Court, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then fitting, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Advertisement to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated within the said Soake and Wapentake, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then present, not being less than eleven in Number, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it mail appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that the Clerk, or any of the Serjeants, have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to execute the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of him so dismissed and removed as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said

Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the said Court until the same is finally determined; and if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative to such Cause.

XXV. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerk and Officers of the said Court, may be

inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse j’ be it enacted

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 34. 221

by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, Clerk, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time shall affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, the Clerk, or any of the Serjeants, in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to ai)d for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, (hen fitting, or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in or near the Town where such Insult or Misdemeanor shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court,* or his Deputy or Deputies, directing such Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken, before three or more of the said Commissioners; and upon the haft ^Hedged being proved, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding ahe Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of Lincoln^ there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay the said Fine.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed or (luck up, in some public Part of each of the said Court-houses, or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the Time being, of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said County of Lincoln, shall and may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into Custody, respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process, issuing out of the said Court of Requests.

XXVIII. And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, respectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be so committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and (offer such Person <3r Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for that Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners, every Keeper offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before either or any of the Courts to be held by virtue of this Act, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Court; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, before whom he or they shall be convicted, or, in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners, in Court assembled; which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, refilling or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or any other Courts whatsoever, except in the Court Baron for holding Pleas of Debt within the said Soake of Bolingbrooke, belonging to his Majesty in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests; and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; but the Judgments, Deciees, and Proceedings of the said Court shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent, upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in Question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Wiil or Testament, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at, or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play; or for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, making Oath, or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Pc;son or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person rdiding within the Soake and Wapentake aforesaid, who shall be duly fened with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued

Penalty on insulting the Court.

The OfT-ndv, On Nonpayment of the Pine, to be commuted.

Cnojr of ~r'-cedwigOiinfe to We thick, up a the Court house.

Gaolers, &c. to receire Persons committed.

Penalty on Refusal, or permitting Escape.

Ho Action (hr any Debt, recoverable by this An, to be brought in any other Court} Exception.

To what Debt! this AcVthall not extend.

Penalty on wilful Perjury.

Penalty not obeying a bub* pone*

222

Reservation of the Rights of the Court Baron for the Soake of Bolin^brooke.

Limitation Of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Preamble.]

Commissioners

Names.

C. 35, 36. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to apoear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and* Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hapds and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend to alter, change, takeaway, or annul, any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, and Jurisdictions, belonging to his most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his L)uchy of Lancaster, as Lord of the Honour of Bolingbrooke, or of the Right Honourable the Earl of Scarborough, as Lessee of the said Honour of Bolingbrooke, ' or his Under Lessee, their Heirs or Assigns 5 but that the same shall be, remain, and continue, in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had never been made, and shall not be, or be deemed to be, altered, lessened, or affected thereby; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywifenotwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Action orf Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall anfc, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Isle of Ely* in the County of Cambridge.

WHEREAS several extensive Branches of Trade and Business are carried on in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and many ill-disposed Persons, within the said Id?*, do contract small Debts, and although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under, from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on account of the great Expences and Delays which attend the same: And whereas such Debts, so contrafted within the Isle of Ely, cannot be sued for or recovered in the County Court belonging to the County of Cambridge:

And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts, within the said Isle, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Charles Hervey I\ D. Sir Henry Peyton Baronet, Sir Philip Vavazor Knight, John Warren D. D. Richard Colvile, Francis Dixon, John Drage, John Goddard, Charles Gould\ John Gardner, Marriot Gardner, Aungier Peacocke, John Wadding-ton, Robert Walfham, George Waddin^ton, Esquires; James Bentham, William Cole, John Dickinson, William Holden, Abraham Jobson, and David Wray, Clerks; Oglethorpe Wainman M. L). James Addington, William A'tnger, Joseph Brown Allen, John Argles, Thomas Arks, James Aveling, William Avcling, Francis Baggc, John Bateman, James Bellamy, Robert Bellamy, Richard Bevill, Thomas Bleckley, Thomas Boyce, Charles Boyce, James BoyceLcdowick Boyce, Abraham Briggs, Joseph Briggs, Matthew Brackenbury$ James By aa'ey, William Brown, Richard Bttrridge, John Cain, Bennet Clare, Thomas Chapman, Robert Cherfe wright, David Cowherd, Thomas Elfome, Richard Emotion, Thomas Fawffitt, Charles Freeman, William Frufhtr, Robert Garnhanu Cook Gallaway, Stephen Gilder, John Glenton, Thomas Gotched, Robert Grimditch, David Grounds, Thomas Ground, John Ground, Joseph Hancock, John Hancock, Thomas Hammond junior* Thomas Haffon, John Harrison, Robert Har divicke, John Ha r lock. Henry Haynes, Robert Hemmant, William Hill, George Hutchesson, John Ibbott, Joseph jaques, Robert Kilby, Samuel Kempton, Robert Hutchesson Lcwin, Thomas Life, Joftah King Life, William Livermore, William Long, John Lowden, John Luff, Hugh MapUfden, Henry Lawrence May dwell, William Martin, Isaac Meers, Gilbert Miller, Henry Money, Thomas

e

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 223

Moss, John Murkins, Robert Muriel, John Mayer, Thomas Newman, Thomas Page, Jonathan Peckover,

Francis Philips, Henry Poole, Thomas Poole, William Plummer, John Ratcliffe, William Raynor, John Ray ner, Joseph Read, James Robinson, William Ruffe I % William Setcbfield, Thomas Shop heard, William Shepherd, John Shuker, William Skrimshire, Thomas Skeels, William Smalley, Thomas Smith of Wisbech, Thomas Smith of Chatteris, James Smith, Thomas Southa, Nathan Spooner, Luke Staples, Robert Stevens, John Stona,

George Swains, John Thompson, William Thorpe, Thomas Tho>burn, John Tubbs, Jonathan Vfll, Robert JVenfley, Henry Waddelow, John Walsham, Robert Ward, Love Ward, John Wilkinson, Thomas Wilson, William IW If on, Jdm Wing, William Witton, Walker JFraight, Walker ff 'might junior, John Wing junior,

John Wyer, John Yorke, and John Hardy junior, shall be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed, Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by Comroifflcnfre the Name and Style of The Court of Requests for the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge. conduced a

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Isle of Ely, for the better answering the Purposes of this £ourt*

Act, shall be divided into four separate Divisions; the first to contain the Hundred of Ely, and the South j^soir Di-1CC

Part of the Hundred of Witdford, in the said fie; the second to contain the Hundred of Wisbech, in the said Isle; the third to contain the Liberties of Whittlesey and Thorney, in the North Part of the said Hundred of Witdford; and the fourth to contain the Remainder of the said North Part of the said Hundred of li'itibford: And that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of tlum, shall, and are hereby authorised and required to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court, in and for the said several Divisions, at such Places, on such Days, and in such Manner, as are herein-3fter mentioned; (that is to say) The Court for where the the said first Division, at the Place commonly called The Shirehouse, or some other convenient Place in the C<«>rt fnaii be Town of Ely, on the first Friday in June next after the patting of this A<9*, and afterwards on the fi:ft hr!d th* Friday in every Month; the Court for the second Division, at the Place commonly called The Shirehouse,

or some other convenient Place in the Town of Wificch Saint Peter's, in the said Isle of Ely, on the second Friday in June next after the passing of this Act, and afterwards on the second Friday in every Month; the O urt for the third Division, at the Town of Whittlesey aforesaid, on the third Friday in Jane next after the pitting of this Act, and afterwards on the third Friday in every Month; and the Court for the fourth Division, at the Place commonly called The Guildhall, or some other convenient Place, in the Town of March in the said Isle of Ely, on the fourth Friday in June next after the passing of this Act; and at some convenient Place in the Town of Chatteris, in the said Isle, on the fourth Friday in July next after the passing of this Act, and afterwards on the fourth Friday in every Month, at some convenient Places in the respective Towns of March and Chatteris aforesaid, alternately; provided that no Court shall be holden on Good Friday, cT on Christmas-day when Christmas-day shall fall on a Friday; in either of which Cases the Court {half be holdyH on the next preceding Day.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if it shall happen, at any Time after the passing of this Act, If no Cause rtiall that no Cause or Matter of J3ebt shall he heard and determined within the find thitd and fourth Divifmns, be will,n or either of them, for the Space of one whole Year, then the Parishes and Hamlets within such of those Divisions, where no Cause or Matter of Debt shall have been heard and determined for the Space of one wiThmoieYctr, Year as aforesaid, shall at all Times from thenceforth he deemed and taken to lie and be in the said second such D v fion* Division, as if the same had been originally named in this Act as Part or Parcel of such second Division; respectivrly frail and that the said Commissioners, and their Officers and Servants, within the said second Division, shall for ever thereafter be, and are hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities, respecting all causes and Division6 tC°n Matters of Debt arising in such Parishes and Hamlets, or any of them, where no such Cause or Matter of Debt shall have been heard and determined for the Space of one Year as aforesaid, as if such Parishes and Hamlets had been originally included in the said second Division; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in^anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That in Case three or more of the said Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, iftVetCofn-

by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble, on any of the Days appointed for holding the said frail

Court, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their De-

puty or Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Day, within lajourilYh* four Weeks from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been holden, or until the next General Court.

Court Day to be holden in Rotation as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and their Successors, to Power of the he chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, Commissionem by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before

them, in Manner as hereafter is mentioned, and to give such Judgment?, and make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Costs, both against the Bod ies and the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and most agreeable co Equity and good Conscience.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Commissioners, or When Coirm:f-their Successors to be chosen in Manner hereafter mentioned, shall neglect to act in the Execution hereof, lionmdie, or for the Space of twelve Calendar Months together* or shall refuse to act, or shall die, then, and in any of re*,letoaftt these cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and their Successors to be chosen bcThofca.'0 as herein after mentioned, or any eleven or more of them, to meet and aflerrblc together, at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to act, for the Division or Divisions in or nearest which such Corfl-missioner or Commissioners so dying, refusing, or neglecting to act as aforesaid resided, and to elect at\d appoint, out of such Division or Divisions, as they shall think proper, one or more Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Place of the Coir.miflicner or Commissioners so dying, refusing, or neglecting to act; ,

22 4

Dir<£\iom for appointing Clerks and Servants.

VifltiaHers, 4c. oot to hold any Hace of Profit.

CJrrk to fix up Lists of Com-irtflioners in the Court-house j

and to issue Summonses, and legjfter Orders, 4c.

Serjeants to Jcive Precepts.

Per fens may lue for Debt* under 40 s.

Hour Officers are to proceed.

Commissioners may regulate Proceedings j

and adnp.ifiiiler Oaths.

C. 36. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

and that every such Commissioner so elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities to ad in the Execution hereof, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of dny eleven or more of them, at the first respective Meetings to be holden next after the passing of this Act, for the said respective Divisions, to nominate and appoint a Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests in each Division, during their respective good Behaviours; and that whenever it shall happen that the Place of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, by Death, Resignation, Misbehaviour, or otherwise, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and the Majority of the Commissioners so met shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to chuse and appoint another Clerk or Serjeant for the Division where such Vacancy shall happen, during his good Behaviour; provided that no Person shall be capable of acting as Principal, or Deputy Clerk or Serjeant, for any of the said Divisions, unless he be actually a Refiant or Inhabitant of the Towns, or one of them, at which the Court for such Division is appointed to be holden; and that no Commissioner, or any Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling-house, Ale-house, or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquor by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks within she said respective Divisions, to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, from Time to Time, make and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Part of each of the Houses where the said Courts are to be holden, fair and complete Lists in Writing of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be elected and appointed as aforesaid; and shall also, and are hereby authorised and required to issue, or cause to be issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court*, within their respective Divisions, in proper Books to be provided^ by them, and kept for that Purpose: And that the Serjeants for the Time being, or their lawful Deputies, shall be, and are hereby empowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts as aforesaid, within their respective Divisions, and to do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed to be done, by them.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Truf-tce, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said Isle of Ely or trading or dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, or at any Time or Times frequenting or reforcing, to any of the Towns within the said Isle, to apply to the Clerks of the said Court, within their respective Divisions, or their respective Deputies for the Time being, who shall immediately make an Entry in their Books of the causes, in their respective Divisions, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sums demanded; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons, in Writing, under their respective Hands, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear, at a certain Time and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, in and for such Division where such Debtor or Debtors Ihalt inhabit or reside, trade, or resort, to answer concerning, such Demands; and the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be. served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or trading, of such Debtor or Debtors, within the said Isle of Ely; and that the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have fulL Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall seem most just and equitable.

X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering the Act effectual: for the Purposes thereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Time being, or any five or more of them, being a Majority of the said Commissioners assembled in Court as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often, as they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the belter regulating of the Practice of the said Courts, as to them mall seem necessary, and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter, the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the respective Clerks, Serjeants, or Officers, of the said Courts for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and ^/leaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Courts only; which said Rules and Ordefs shall be kept and observed by the said Commissioners, and the Officers and Suitors of the said Courts.

XI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of all causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them in Court assembled, and they are hereby empowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath to the

A.D. 177$. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 225

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and to fuc-h Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to aIl»or any of the Officers of the said Court, and to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them assembled at such Court, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause, to be allowed by the said Court before whom he, she, or they shall be summoned, refuse^or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the major Part of them so assembled, upon Proof being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem meet; and that if, upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing Audi not make Proof upon Oath of his, her, or their Debt or Debts, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the Majority of them so assembled, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of the Debts and Costs ordered and decreed by the said Court to be paid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the Majority of them so assembled, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the maior Part of them so assembled, to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decice shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk of the said Court, for the Division where such Order or Decree shall be made, at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Seal, to any Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court; who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is hereby empowered and required ro take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties, being within the said IJlt of Ely, and to convey him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, within the said Isle of Ely, in or nearest to the Division where such Party or Parties shall be taken, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement for any longer Space of Time than three Calendar Months upon any such Execution; and such Serjeant or Serjeants, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered and required to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party or Parties, being within the said Isle of Ely%. such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed 5 and if the Party or Parties against whose Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Mean?, prevent or evade the Service or Efte& of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the major Part so assembled, upon due Proof thereof made before them, by the Oath of such Serjeant or Serjeants, or one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to-award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the respective Serjeants, in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and satisfied: And that in case the said Commissioners shall at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several Payments, then, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the same Ways and Means as are herein-before provided for the recovering of the Debt and Costs first ordered or decreed to be paid; the former Order, Decree, or Judgment, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Precept to be issued upon any-' Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk of the said Court who shall issue the same, shall indorse, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, ordered and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, before any a<flual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, shall be apprehended, or before the Expiration of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid, or* tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying ov^r such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the Book or Rrgifter of the said Court, where such Order or Decree shall be made, for (ueh Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison, thea, and in any of such cases, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or Parties, shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of the said Court* in any of the said Divisions, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglectt^ cause or suffer the Party, against whom tuch Execution shall be awarded, to efrape or ab-iicond) or the Good* of such Party jp Parties to be carried away 01 iccreted, so as such Execution shall not

have

Oa Non-appearance of Defendant, Commissioners may proceed ex parte j

and on Non-appearance or Nonsuit of Plaintiff, may. award Costa*

Commissionora > may award Execution j,

ani comm t the Party.

When Debfi are r ordered to be paid at several-Times, Commissioners rary / award Execution upon the fti ft Default uf s’ Payment-

Or* Execution/

Cleric to indor Ce' the Debt and Costs.

In what Cases Executions shall be fupetieded,

Serjeants wilfully fu fieri ng-an Elope, or Good* 10 be removed, to pay Debt and Costs,

by

226

fViilificution of f iturc Cuinnuf* honcj j.

Commissioners

Oiih.

Memorial thereof to be rendered.

Any Person a£Vng at Commissioner, not being duly qualified, shall forfeit 50 1.

No Attorney/ &c. to plrad, or have Privilege, in the Court,

Table of Fee*:

0.36, Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

have it* due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, assembled in Court, or the Majority of them so assembled, upon Complaint and due Proof made, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to ord^r such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the fai l Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of n£tin£ as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except the Commissioners herein-before named and appointed), unless he be adlu.dly seised or possessed, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of th irrv Pounds per Annum in real Estate; or of six hundred Pounds in personal Estate; nor shall any Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act during such Time as he shall keep any Vidhulling-house, Ale-house, or other House of public Entertainment, or (except in the Choice of Clerks of the said Court, at the first Meetings to be holden for the respective Divisions) until he shall have taken an Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) made an Affirmation, to the Effect following:

I A.B. do swear (or affirm). That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by vir- rue of an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, without Favour, Affection, or Prejudice, to either Patty.*

Which Oath the Clerks of the said Court, within their respective Divisions, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is and are heicby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and a Memorial thereof shall be entered by the said Clerks, in the Books to be kept for entering the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court: And that any Person or Persons presuming to act as a Commissioner, being disqualined, or not having such Qualification as aforesaid, shall, for every Time he shall so act, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or in the Court of Pleas of the Royal Franchise in the said Isle of %ly, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, of any Court whatsoever, (halt be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgment of the said Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney or Advocate in Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the respective Clerks and Serjeants of the said Court of Requests, for the Time being, in their said several Divisions, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

To the CLERKS

For entering every Cause, Sixpence.

For issuing every Summons, Sixpence.

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Threepence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence.

- If by Instalments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfactiorf in the Clerk’s Book, Sixpence.

% For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for any Insult or Misbehaviour in Court, or to the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within one Mile of the Cathedral Church of >E!y, or within one Mile of the respective Parish Churches of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Chatteris, or within one Mile of the respective Market-places of Whittlesey and March, and attending the Court with the^Return thereof, Sixpence.

- If beyond that Distance from any of the said respective Places, Ninepence for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny.

For executing every Attachment, Execution or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling.

- If within one Mile of the Cathedral Church of Ehy or within one Mile of the respective Parish

"Churches of Wisbech Saint Peters and Chatteris, or within one Mile of the respective Market-places of Whittlesey and March, Sixpence.

If beyond that Distance from any of the said respective Places, Ninepence for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, Sixpence for every Mile.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 227

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up, by the Clerks of the said Court, within their respective Divisions, in some conspicuous Part or Parts of the several Places where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes of this Act, so that all Persons who shall attend the said Court may fee

and read the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of the said Court, for the Time being, or any of their Deputy or Deputies, or other Person or Persons employed by or under them or any of them, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward than what are herein-before mentioned, for his or their Services in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or the Majority of them assembled in Court, shall assess and impose, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; and that if, upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons upon Oath, in open Court, against any Clerk or Serjeant appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, for taking or demanding greater Fees than as above mentioned, or for any M (behaviour whatsoever in the Execution of his Office, it shall appear to the Commissioners then fitting in Court, or the major Part of them, that such Complaint is well-founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so fitting in Court as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Advertisement to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated within the Ijh of £/y, to meet at some convenient Time and Place, within the Division for which such Clerk or Serjeant shall be appointed as aforesaid, to examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to the Commissioners then present, or the major Part of them, not being less than eleven in Number, that such Clerk or Serjeant rath been guilty of any such Misbehaviour as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and appoint another in his Room.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner shall (it or give Judgment in any Cause depending in the said Court wherein he is a Party, or any Way interested; but that every Commissioner who shall be a Party to, or interested in, any such Cause, after being heard therein, shall withdraw till the same is finally determined 5 and that no Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, who shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, shall exercise his said Office in such Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exercise the Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively in all Things relative to such Cause.

XXI. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees to be made by the said Commissioners,

and that the said Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may be inverted with

proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if. any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to or returning from the fafne, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time shall affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, any of the Clerks or Serjeants, or any of their Deputies, in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the major Part of them so assembled at the Time of such Insult or Misbehaviour, or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be holden in or nearest the Town where such Insult or Misdemeanor shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be ifllied by the Clerk of the saul Court for the Division where such Offence shall happen, or his Deputy, directing the Serjeant of the said Court, for such Division where such Offender or Offenders shall be found, to take, or cause to be taken, such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely\znd upon the Fast alledged being duly proved, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be paid immediately into the Hands of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; and that on Failure of immediate Payment of the said Fine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said Ific of EUy there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they mall have paid the said Fine.

XXII. And, to the End that no Person may plead Ignorance of the last preceding Clause of this Act,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court, within their respective Divisions, shall, from Time to Time, affix, or cause to be affixed and stuck up, true Copies of such Clause, in some conspicuous Parts of the respective Places where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the Time being, of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said Isle of Ely, shall and may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into Custody, respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered^to (land committed, by any three or more of the*

To be hungup in the Court-house.

Penalty on Officers taking greater Fee*.

Clerk ani ?*-jeants may be bifplaced for Misbehaviour*

No Commis-

fioner, ice, it to act w here interested.

Penalty on In*

fu'ring the Court.

The Offender, on Nonpayment* of the Fine, to be commuted.

Copy of pre-. ceding Clause to be stuck up ii» the Luuit-house.

Gaoler*, &c. to receive Per font committed.

228

Penilty on Re-or permitting Elope.

No AQioa for any Dtbt, recoverable by this Act, to be Irought in any other Court.

To what Debts this Act rtiall not extend.

Penalty on wilful Perjury.

Penalty on not obeying a Sub-perna.

No Writ to be feed oot against fa Commissioner tmt'i one Calendar Month’s Notice Hull hav r been give i.

Comm iflic iters may tender Amends.

C. 36. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

the said Commissioners prefen t m Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Procef*, issuing out of the said Court of Requests, within any of the said Divisions; and in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, reflectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be Co committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for tha^ Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners, every Keeper offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said ljlt of £Zy, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, aMhe Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom the Person or Persons so offending shall have been convicted, and to be applied for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and that in Default of immediate Payment as aforesaid, the Sum to be so forfeited shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of f^ch Juilico or Justices.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, In any of the King’s Courts at Westminster^ or in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests; and that no Action or Suit commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceeding the rein, shall or maybe removed into any superior Court; but the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court shall be final and conclusive, to all Interns and Purposes.

XXV. Provided always, and be' it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt due on Specialty, or Action of Covenant; or to any Debt for Rent, upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contrail; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will and Testament, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at, or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there bath not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall be under the Value of forty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, in making Oath, or giving Evidence, in tiny Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, pursuant to this Act, shall commit any wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Person or Persons being duly convicted thereof according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are subject and liable to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing or being found within the said Isle of Ely, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall negle6f or refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof, upon Oath, shall be t.-ade of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Majority of the Commissioners present at the Court before which such Person shall by such Subpoena or Summons be required to appear, and Oath made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the maj<rr Part so assembled, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied, if not immediately paid on Demand, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid to the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be sued out against, nor a Copy of any Process served upon, any of the said Commissioners for the Time being, for any Thing done, or to be done, by him in the Execution of this A6>, until one Calendar Month next after Notice in Wri ting shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place of his Abode, determined by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action against such Commissioner, with the Name and Place of Abode of such Attorney or Agent; and that a Fee of twenty Shillings shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every such Notice, and no more.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commissioners to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his or her Agent or Attorney; and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Nat Guilty, and other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if, upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury (bail find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37 - 39. 229

such Defendant upon Demurrer, such Commissionc. ru.ii hf entitled to the like Cods as he would have been entitled to in case he had pieaded the General Issue only; —4 if iroon *fQ joined the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, anu »w\. nQajnft t^e defendant in ' such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for thp Plaintiff, and such Dama&v* f^ey |jujj think proper, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff iri any Case where an Action shall No be grounded on any AS done by the Defendant, or some of the said Commissioners, shall be permitted to ^all jjc produce any Evidence of the Cause of such Action, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any VerdiS against such Commissioner, unless he shall prove, on the except such a/ Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given; and that in Default of such Proof such Commissioner ftai* be cun. shall recover a VerdiS and Costs as aforesaid. t;Jined io lhc

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Commissioner shall neglect to tender any Amends, commiVsonen

‘ or shall have tendered insufficient Amends, before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, Money

by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into into Court uforc Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall Issuejjined, be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pur- Ad,on*«

fuance of* this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the ljle of Ely, and notelfe-where; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and Central Issue, the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if upon* a VerdiS or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have Treble Costs. in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons »g-think themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment, Decree, or Execution, issued by the said Commis- f^ch^he^ sioners, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, his or their Attorney or Rc^rteri| Agent, to search the Registers of such Order, Judgment, Decree, or Execution, upon Demand made to

the Clerk of such respective Division where the Cause is entered, by such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Attorney or Agent; and at his, her, and their own Expence to take Copies of such Orders, Judgments, or Decree, as shall relate to such Person or Persons only, with the Date of the said Order, Judgment, or Decree, and the Christian and Surname of the Commissioners who made the same: And if such Penalty on Clerk shall refuse to let such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Attorney*or Agent, search and take such ?e[VefUhn8 Copies as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, by the Party carc

grieved by such Refusal, in the said Court of Picas in the said Isle of Ely, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, with Costs of Suit; and if such Officer or Clerk shall refuse to produce the said original Books in Court, upon the Trial of any Cause to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done under this Act, upon reasonable Notice given to him by the Plaintiff in such Suit, and a Tender made to him of his reasonable Expences for travelling and attending with such Books, he shall forfeit the said Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by the Party grieved, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A S shall be deemed, ad- Public Act, judged, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for paving Parts of the Footpaths on the Sides of the great Road, called Whitechapel Roady in the County of Middlesex; and also the several Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Passages, opening into the same; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight. 1,500,000l.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

[Preamble.]

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to AS 1 Geo. I. AS Car. II.

AS 25 Car. II. AS 30 Car. II. AS 8 Geo. I. AS 9 Geo. II. AS 18 Geo. II. and AS 6 Geo. III. before

230 C. 40, 41^ Anno decimo octavo Georott III. A.D. 1778.

" the passing of this Act; and on or before Dec. 25, 1778, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against ^ot to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify t'ersons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1778, shall be confirmed,

[General Issue.]

" and qualified to act as Cleric, Officer, or Member of Corporations, CV. may enjoy all Offices into which they have been ele&ed; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by reason of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment. Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term,- 1778, are indemnified and discharged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the

CAP. XL.

An Act to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to foreign Parts; and to extend such Part of the same Act, as obliges the Master of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of his Majesty's Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the Consul residing the re, to the

like Vessels failing into Denmark, Norway, and Archangel.

[Preamble.]

*7 Geo. 11K Cap. 41, recited>

and, in Part, repealed*

Part of the said AO relating to the Pons in the Bailie, extended to Denirark, Ac,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to brevent the clandestine unshipping from and receiving Goods at Sea on hoard Vessels employed in the East India Com- party1 s Service \ for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to foreign Parts; and to oblige the Majlen of British or Irish ohips, foiling from any of his Majesty's Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifesto of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re), it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Bond, given in pursuance of any Act or Acts of 4 Parliament, for the due and regular Exportation of any Goods, which are or may he prohibited to be worn, or used, in Great Britain, or which are or may be intitled to any Drawback, Bounty, or Pre- mium, payable out of any Money arising by the Revenue of Customs, Upon Exportation from this Kingdom into foreign Parts, shall be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until Certificates shall be pro- duced of the Exportation to, and landing such Goods at, the Ports and Places mentioned in such Bond, 04 or until Proof be made upon Oath in relation thereto, in such Manner and Form as in the said recited Act is directed: And whereas it has been found very prejudicial to the Trade of this Kingdom, and in many Cases impracticable for the Exporters of such Goods to obtain the Certificates, and make the Proof, in the Manner required by the said Act for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, such Part of the said recited Act, as requires Certificates to be produced, and Proof to be made, for the Discharge of any Bonds entered into in this Kingdom, for the due Exportation of the Goods therein mentioned to any foreign Parts, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, such Part of the said recited Act, as requires the Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge of any British or Irish Ship or Vessel, failing from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, to any Port or Place in the Baltic, to deliver to the British Consul residing the re, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose determined by him, a true Manifest, in Writing, upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, with the Marks and Numbers of the Package containing the same, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to such British or Irish Ships or Vessels, as shall fail from Great Britain or Ireland\ or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, to any of the Parts of Denmark, Norway, and Archangel in the same Manner, and under the same Restrictions, in all Respedb, as is and are dnedted and required by the said recited Act, with regard to such Vessels failing to any Port or Place in the Baltic

CAP. XLI.

An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School of sames King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the same Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the find Endowments.

The Preamble recites the Letters Patent of King sames I, and the Will of William Gravett; Dame Elizabeth Periam's Foundation of a Charity School; the present annual Income of the two Schools; the present Governors of the Free Grammar School; and of Dame Elizabeth Periam's; Inconveniencies'at- tending the present Establfthment. It is then enacted that the two Charities shall be consolidated, and united together, by the Title of The United Charity Schools in Henley, in the County of Oxford. The Governors of both Schools united together as Trustees f* r the new Establi!) nu n:; Who are to be a Body Corporate: T heir Name, and Powers. Estates and Effects of both Scho Is vested in the Trustees; who are empowered to dispose of the same for the Purposes this Act. Expe,-. — *f his Act to be first paid. To promote and facilitate the Sale and Exchange of *.he Eft.c^s Pu'« .1 e to hold the Lands,

discharged from all Uses, Trusts, &c. Trustees authority d ro g*ant > ! g 1 i*t Lea es for

long Perms of Years, without taking Fines, &c. M Tts, Uih-'.s, s.’ f t> c, p -mted by the Trustees; who are to allow them Salaries. Trustees to cW M * e n 'tad,

&c. and may make Bye-laws; to be allowed by the 13;.lip of ' */he

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III., C. 42. 531

€i Construction of any Rule or Bye-law, &V. may apply in a summary Way to the Court of Chancery.

4< Surplus Money to be placed out at Interest. Power to dispose of the Surplus Money. When Trustees 4< die, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Each Trustee shall be accountable only for his own Act

[Public Act.]

and Deed. Trustees to reimburse themselves their Expences in executing this Act.

General Saving.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strcnd to establish and main* tain a Light*house on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Preur’ !<?. Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning Sea-tnarks and Mariners, the Matter, Wardens, Act S £hz. c and Assistants, of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strong are empowered to ered and set tccu<:d*

up Beacons, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, needful for avoiding of Dangers, and to renew, continue,

and maintain the same, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas, by certain Let- letters Patmt

ters Patent, granted by her said late Majesty, bearing Date at JVcftmhiJhr, the eleventh Day of June, rn °.f It‘

the thirty-sixth Year of her Reign, the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage was granted to the said Corpo- <uc

ration and their Successors for ever, together with all Fees, Advantages, Profits, and Rights, payable or appertaining to that Office: And whereas there are certain Rocks dangerous to Navigation, called The Smalls, lying in Saint George's Channel \ upon one of which said Rocks a Light-house hath been eroded:

And whereas the said Light-house hath lately been greatly damaged by the Force of the Sea, owing to its not being sufficiently elevated: And whereas many hundreds of Merchants, Traders, Owners, and Matters of Ships, of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, using, or interested in, the Navigation of Saint George's and the Bristol Channels, having requested the said Corporation to cause the said Light-

house, which hath been erected on one of the said Rocks, to be repaired, or a new one instead thereof

to be erected, as they should adjudge to be most beneficial to Navigation, and declared their Consent,

that, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, and the Management thereof, and of Lights therein, tea»unab!e Duties might be imposed and taken for or in respect of all British, Irish, and foreign Ships and other Vessels, which should pass within the Limits herein after mentioned; they the said Matter, Wardens ard Assistants, having considered of the said Request, have therefore resolved to cause the said pre'tnt Light-house to be repaired, improved, and supported, and a Light to be exhibited therein, in case they shall be enabled to defray the Expences attending the said Light-house, and the Maintenance thereof, by Receipt of such reasonable Duties as have been so consented and agreed to be imposed and taken as aforesaid: And whereas such Light-house will be of great Utility, and tend to the Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Navy, and of the Ships Goods, and Lives, of his Subjects,

and others, navigating Saint George's and the Bristol Channels, and passing within such Limits as herein-after mentioned: And, forasmuch as the speedy Repair of the said Light-house is absolutely necessary:

To the End therefore that a Work, of such public Nature, and so greatly beneficial to Navigation, may have all due Encouragement may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for ever, from and after the kindling or placing a Light, for the Benefit of Shipping, in a Light- After a tight house on one of the said Rocks called The Smalls, there shall be paid to the Matter, Wardens, and Assist- fluHbe placed ants, of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, their Successors and Assigns, for every British) or Irish Ship, or ,n a Light-house other Vessel whatsoever (except Ships or Vessels of War of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), which called

shall pass to, from, by, or near the said Rock, or which shall pass between Cape Clear, in the Kingdom of q hr Smaiii, Ireland, and the Lands End, in the County of Cornwall, and so up the Bristol Channel, Eastward of the Cut es may be J/le of Lundy, or to Milford Haven, or Linney Point, in the County of Pembroke, or the said Rocks of The col, acd bvthe Smalls, in any Direction, within twelve Leagues of the said Light house, or which shall or may have any Benefit of the said Light-house or Light, the following several oils or Duties 5 (that is to say) rm, ty ou e*

For every such British or Irish Ship or other Vessel, not being a Ship of War belonging to his Majesty, his The Dutici, Heirs or Successors, bound to or from any Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, from or to any foreign Port or Place (neither of the said Kingdoms to be for this Purpose deemed to be foreign, with respect to Ships or Vessels bound only from the one to the other of them), the Toll or Duty of one Penny for each Ton of the Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, for every such Passage as aforesaid.

For every Ship or Vessel of Aliens, bound to or from any Port or Place in either of the said Kingdoms, or from one foreign Port to another, a Toll or Duty of Twopence for each Ton of the Burthen of every such last mentioned Ship or Vessel, for every such Passage as aforesaid.

And for every British) or Irish Ship, or other Vessel, bound coastwise from one Port to another in either of the said Kingdoms, or from any Port or Place in either of the said Kingdoms to any Port or Place in the other of the said Kingdoms, and returning without making any foreign Voyage, the Toll or Duty of one Halfpenny for each Ton of the Burthen of every such last mentioned Ship or Vessel, for every roofage as aforesaid.

The said several Tolls or Duties to be paid, by the respective Matters or Commanders of such Ships or Vessels respectively, to such Person or Persons as the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, or their S jc-cessors or Assigns, shall from Time to Time authorise and appoint to collect the same, in such Port or Place, in either of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, whence any such Ship or other Vessel shall set forth, or where any such Ship or other Vessel shall arrive, before the loading or unloading the Duties to fee paid by the Masters of Vftielf,

23*

All Custorrer*, &c. to rak*

C'are that these Duties are pa p.

Ti srmrtirns Irum the Duties.

*The Giant of the Rocks to Mr. Phillips, by Letters Fate nt, declared Void,

’The Rocki

vt(led in the Corporation of Trinity House,

fihjeft to a yearly Rent of 5 I. payable to ' his Majesty,

I.im'tation of /vdlic ns.

Cer.cril ItTuc.

'Treble CoPe. Public /.ft.

C. 42.

, Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Goods therein; all which said Tolls or Duties shall and may be recovered by-Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in either of the said Kingdoms; wherein no Ruoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

II. And, to the Intent the said Tolls or Duties may be truly answered and paid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Customer, Collector of his Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning the said Customs for the Time being, or their or any of their Deputies or Clerks, at any Port, Harbour, Road, Creek, Haven, or Place, within either of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland^; whertf any fufti Ship or other Veil'd, liable as aforesaid, shall set fail or arrive, shall at any Time hereafter give or make out, or cause, permit, or suffer, to be given or made out, any Docket, or other Discharge' whatsoever; or receive or take any Entry or Cocker, or give any Certificate, Return Bills, or other Discharge whatsoever, respectively; or permit any Goods or Stores to be laid on Land, or discharged or shipped out-from or on any of the said Ships or other Vessels; or suffer any Ship or other Vessel, either British, lrijhy or Stranger, liable or subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties, to pass by or from them or any of them, until a Receipt, Ticket, or Note be produced, under the Hand of the Collector to be authorised determined by the said Corporation, their Successors or Assigns, to collect the said Tolls or Duties at such Port or other Place where such Ship or other Vessel shall set forth or arrive, testifying the Payment of the said 'Polls or Duties for or in respect of such Ship or other Vessel.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend, to charge or make liable any Person or Persons with or to the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties, any longer than the said Light-house shall continue to be supported, and a Light exhibited thereon during the Night Season, or for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel taking in or loading any Coals or Culm, in any Place lying in Bride 1 Bay, and carrying the same to any Port or Place within the Principality of TValesj or in carrying Lime-(tones from one Port or Place to another.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That certain Letters Patent, under the Seal of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, bearing Date the fifth Day of August\ in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, containing a Grant unto John Phillips, of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, of the said Rocks called The Smalls; also Liberty, Licence, Power, and Authority, of erecting, supporting, and maintaining, a Light-house or Light-houses, Beacon or Beacons, in or upon the said Rocks, and to collect and take certain Duties, in the same Letters Patent mentioned, for the Term of fifty Years from the Date thereof; and all the Estate, Right, Title, Term of Years, Powers, and Authorities derived, or which can or may be claimed, or pretended to be derived, under or by virtue of the same Letters Patent, and every Matter, Clause, and Thing therein contained, shall, and the same are hereby en idled and declared to be, from and immediately after the passing of this present Act, null, void, and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rocks called The Smalls shall, and the same are hereby ertafted and declared to be, by virtue of this present Act, from and immediately after the passing thereof, vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors and Assigns for ever, for the Purpose of cresting, supporting, and maintaining the said Light-house; subject nevertheless to the Payment to his Majesty, his Heirs and Stucceflors, of the clear yearly Rent or Sum of five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which find Rent, of five Pounds shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, or into the Hands of his Majesty's Receiver-general of South Wales for the Time being, by four equal quarterly Payments, at or upon the Feast Days or Times in every Year herein next after mentioned; (that is to say) The Annunciation of the Blessed *virgin Mary, Saint John the Bapti/l, Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ; the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on such of the said Veaft Days as shall next happen after the passing of this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County or City where the Cause of such Action or Suit shall arise, and not elsewhere; and shall not be removed by Certiorariy or any other Writ or Process whatsoever; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General HTue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any County or Place otherwise than as aforesaid, then, and in any such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant or Defendants shall hive appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs of Suit, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed, in all Courts of Law or Equity within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as a public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame*

A.D. 1778/ Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 43, 44, 233

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gulberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County Lincoln.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quad ring, ,7 Geo. III.

Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wietoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Frampton, cap. 6a. recited, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And whereas the Right Honourable Brownlow Earl of Exeter and Baron of Burghley, Lord of the Soke of Kirton, in the County of Lincoln aforesaid, and his Ancestors, Lords of the said Soke for the Time being, have for a great Length of Time had and been entitled unto a Court of Pleas every 'three Weeks, or so often as was requisite, for the Recovery of Debts or Damages under forty Shillings,

in all personal Actions arising within the said several Parishes of Surfleet, Gulberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, as Parcel of the Soke of Kirton aforesaid: And whereas the said Act has unnecessarily, and'

without any public Utility, taken away the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and thereby destroyed the Right and Inheritance of the said Earl of Exeter therein \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the aforesaid Act, and the and repealed, several Matters and Things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained This Act not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Order or Decree, made by virtue of the aforesaidv- ettend to any. Act, for Payment of Money; but that such Order or Decree shall stand, continue, and be in full Force, order and be carried into Execution, in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed; any Thing herein con- ^i^Money. tamed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

WHEREAS, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of our Lord the King, held by Adjournment in and for the County of Northumberland, at the House of James Hindell in Cambo, on Thursday the sixth Day of February, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, before Gawen Aynfey, Walter Trevelyan, John Tweddell, William Charleton, Francis Tweddell, William Bainbridge, Gabriel Hall, James Allgood, Shaft 0 Fa ugh an, Ralph Smith, and Bacon 4 William WaJlelL Esquires, his Majesty's justices of the Peace, assigned to keep the Peace in and for the said County, Henry Errington of Sandoe Esquire, then and there proposed to the said Court, That he would, for the Considerations after mentioned, build and erect, or cauie to be built and erected, a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, oppoiire to Hexham, at about fifty Yards below the Boat-way, and nearly in a Line with a little Bridge that crortes the Mill Leet, and to land on the North End upon the Ciofe, East of the Boat-house, that is situated betwixt that and the Lane; and which said Bridge, when built and finished, should consist of nine Arches, and should be of the following Dimentsions; (that is to say) 4 To extend between the Abutments five hundred and eighteen Feet, and, including the Abutment Walls, five hundred and sixty eight Feet; to be twenty Feet wide over all, and about eighteen Feet between the Parapets; to be gravelled over in the Manner of a good Turnpike Road; and the Heighth of the Road over the Middle Arch to be thirty-one Feet above the Surface of the River, in its ordinary State, with proper Ascents to be formed at each End of the Bridge; that at the South End to be wharfed up with Walls extending fifty Yards, with a Breastwork or rough Parapet thereon, so that the Slope should not be steeper than one in twelve; with a single Arch across the Mill Lect; the Whole to be executed in a substantial Manner, and according to a Plan of the same to be delivered in by John Smeaton Esquire; and that the same should be built, and the Works carried on, from Time to Time, under the Direction and Inspection of the said John Smeaton; and that he the said Henry Errington would complete the Whole, and find and provide all necelLry Materials for the same, over and above all the Timber, Stone, Iron, and other Materials whatsoever, which had been prepared and provided by and at the Expence of the said County, for the Purpose of building a Bridge a little higher up the said River, upon Payment of the Sum of five thousand seven hundred Pounds by the said County, and to be allowed all the said Timber, Stone, Iron, and other Materials, as above mentioned; the same to be paid in Manner following; (chat is to say) Three hundred Pounds within one Month after the Execution of the Agreement; two hundred and eighty Pounds on finishing each Pier and Abutment, respectively, Springer Heighth; and two hundred and fifty Pounds at the keying-in or doling each Arch; and the Remainder when the said whole Bridge should be completed agreeable to the said Plan: And also, at the said Sessions, John Donkin of Sandoe Gentleman, Agent to the said Henry Errington, did then and there (for and on the Behalf of

[Preamble.]

Mr. Errington*! Proposal to Quarter Session* for Northumberland, Feb. 6, 1777, 10 build a Bridge over the Tyne at Hexham,

and a Bridge of one Arch across the Mill Lcct.

Mr. Erring*on*3 Agent pr<,poled to 014K.C a pubs

234 C. 44. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177?.

lie Road from the Budge to the Alemouth Road.

Mr. Errington j ropol'es to give Bond to finifti the Bridge, &c. l*y Lady-day, l?8o, snd to support the same for leven Year*.

The Proposals were agreed to determined by the Selftons, and Articles entered into on June *, 1777.

Pim'nfions of the Bridge.

The flew Road.

Sums of Money to be pud for building the Bridge, &c.

and th* Times of Payment.

c the said Henry Erringlon) propose and undertake to procure and make a good, sufficient, and substantial Road, from the Noith End of the said Bridge (when built according to the Proposal by the said Henry Errington) to the Alemouth Road, and of the same Breadth thereof, for the Sum of four hundred Pounds;

and that the said Road, when made, should for ever thereafter be a public High Road for all Persons whatever, with their Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, or otherwise, at their Will and Pleasure,

to pass, go, return, and labour; and also, that he the said Henry Errington would enter into a Bond,

in the penal Sum of nine thousand one hundred Pounds, to the said County, conditioned for building,

making, finishing, and completing the said Bridge and Road, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and for upholding and maintaining the same respectively for the Term of seven Years from the Time of completing the same respectively: Which said Proposals were at the said Sessions accepted of and agreed to by the said Justices then present, on Behalf of the said County of Northumberland: And whereas, by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on or about the second Day of June, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy- seven, and made between the said Gawen Aynjley, John Tweddell, and Bacon William Wajlelly Esquires,

three of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Northumberland, of the one' 4 Part, and the said Henry Errington of the other Part, reciting the said Order of Sessions of the Cxth of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, to the Effe# herein before mentioned; it was by the said Articles witnessed, That, for the Considerations therein after mentioned, he the said Henry Errington, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, did thereby contract, covenant, pro- mise, and agree, to and with the said Gawen Aynjley, John *Tweddell, and Bacon William Wajlell^ their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, that he the isaid Henry Errington^ his Heirs, Executors, or Ad-

ministrators, should and would, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, on or before the twenty- fifth Day of Marche which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty,

well, sufficiently, and effectually build, or cause to be built, a good and substantial Stone Bridge across the River Tyne> according to the Plan to the said Articles annexed, opposite to Hexham, at a Place examined and approved by John Smeaton Esquire, and which is about fifty Yards below the Boat-way, and

nearly in a Line with a little Bridge that erodes the Mill Leer, and to land on the North End upon a

Close, East of the Boat-house that is situated betwixt that and the Lane; and that the said Henry Erring-

ion, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, would complete the whole Work and Business thereby intended to be done and performed, in a good, substantial, and workman-like Manner, in the Manner and Form therein and herein after mentioned; (that is to say) The Bridge to consist of nine Arches,

and to extend between the Abutments five hundred and eighteen Feet, and including the Abutment Walls five hundred and sixty-eight Feet; to be twenty Feet wide over all, and about eighteen Feet be- tween the Parapets; to be gravelled over in the Manner of a good Turnpike Road; and the Heighth

of the Road over the Middle Arch to be thirty-one Feet above the Surface of the River in its ordinary

State, with proper Ascents to be formed at each End of the Bridge; that at the South End to be wharfed up with Walls, extending fifty Yards, with a Breafhvork or rough Parapet thereon, and so that the Slope should not be steeper than one in twelve; with a single Arch across the Mill Leet; and also that he the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, should, at his and their like proper Costs and Charges, find and provide all Materials, of what Nature or Kind soever, necessary for building of the said Bridge, and should execute and perform, or cause to be executed and performed, all the Work, effectually, substantially, sufficiently, and in a good and workman-like Manner: And also should procure and make a good, sufficient, and substantial Road, from the North End of the said Bridge, when built, to the Alemouth Road, and the same Breadth thereof; and that the same Road should be a High Road for ever thereafter, for all Persons, on Foot or on Horseback, with Horses,

Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, at their Will and Pleasure, to have and use: And also, that he the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, should, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, from Time to Time, and at all Times, as often as Need or Occasion should be or require, during the Term of seven Years, uphold, supporf, repair, maintain, rebuild, and keep in good and sufficient Repair, the said Bridge and Road for the said Term of seven Years, to be computed from the Time that the said Bridge and Road shall have been certified for, to the General Quarter Sessions,

under the Hands of two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to have been built, made, finiftied, and completed: And in Consideration of the Covenants and Agreements therein before contained, on the Part and Behalf of the said Henry Errington to be done and performed, they the said Gawen Aynjley*

John TwedddU and Bacon William Wajlell, for and on Behalf of the said County, did, in and by the said Articles, covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said Henry Erringlon, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, That the Treasurer for the said County of Northumberland, for the Time being, should pay unto the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, the Sum of

five thousand seven hundred Pounds, for the building, finishing, and upholding the said Bridge; and also % the Sum of four hundred Pounds for the procuring, making, and upholding the said Road, in Manner therein and herein after mentioned; (that is to say) The Sum of three hundred Pounds within one Month after the Execution of the said now reciting Articles; the further Sum of two hundred and eighty Pounds at the finishing each Pier and Abutment, respectively. Springer Heighth; the further Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds at the keying-in or closing each Arch; and the remaining Part of the said Sums of five thousand seven hundred Pounds, and four hundred Pounds, when the said Bridge and Road should be completed agreeable to the said Phn, and in Manner herein before mentioned and certified as aforesaid: And it was, in and by the said now reciting Articles, further declared, That it should and might be lawful for the said Henry Errington^ his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and his and their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, to have, take, and use, as they should think fit, all the Timber', Stone, Iron, and every other Material, of what Nature or Kind soever, belonging to the said County,

A.D. 177^. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44.

and which had theretofore been prepared for the building of a Bridge across the said River near to Hexham aforesaid, without any Payment or Satisfaction for the same: And whereas, by an Older made at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Morpeth, in and for the said County of Nsrtkumber- land, the fourteenth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, before Gaiven Aynjley, Stephen JVatfvi, William Lowes, Shafto Vaughan, Matthau Forsler, Thomas Carr, Walter Tve- velyan, and Gabriel Hall, Esquires, his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the fai l County, re- citing, That at the then last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, holden at Ain- wick, the eighth Day of October last, a Complaint was made to the Court by the Grand Jury, on Behalf of themselves and of several principal Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said County of Northumberland, that several considerable Sums of Money had been expended in building new Bridges, where no County Bridges ever were before, and in repairing several Bridges within the County, without having been presented by the Grand Jury, as the Law directs; and that the Court of Sessions then assembled had agreed to take the said Complaint into Confederation: And nlfo reciting, in and by the said Order of Sessions now in Recital, that a like Complaint had been again made to the said Court; and the same having been fully considered, it was by the said now reciting Order of the Court of Sessions, of the fourteenth Day o {January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, ordered. That an alphabetical Lift of all the Bridges within the said County, repaired at the Expence of the County, be printed; and that for the future, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, one of such Lifts be delivered to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, to enab’e them to know the Number of the County Bridges, and where they are situated, in order that such Preferments as the Law requires might be made respecting the same: And it was also, in and by the said Order of Sessions nowin Recital, further ordered, That, for the future, no Part of the Money then already raised, and in the Treasurer’s Hands, or that should be raised or collected pursuant to the Statute of the twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-ninth, should be applied to the creating any new Bridge as a County Bridge, within the said County of Northumberland, without an express Act of Parliament for that Purpose; nor should any Bridge or Bridges within the said County be rebuilt or re- paired until Presentment be made by the Grand Jury, at the Assizes or Sessions, of the Insufficiency, Inconvenience, or Want of Reparation of such Bridge or Bridges (save and except such Bridges, the Repairs whereof then were or thereafter should be contrafted for, pursuant to the said Statute of the twelfth Year of King George the Second; and save and except such Sum and Sums of Money as should become payable for completing a new Bridge then building across the River Tyne, ?t Hexham): And, in order that the Contract for building such Bridge might be proceeded in, and the Legality thereof never called in Question, it was, by the said Order of Sessions now in Recital, further ordered, That Application be immediately made to Parliament, for an Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland to carry into Execution and fulfil the said Agreement entered into by them with the said Henry Errington, bearing Date the second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and herein before particularly mentioned and recited, for building a Bridge across the River Tyne, at Hexham aforesaid, and for making and completing the necessary Avenues or Highways to and from such Bridge: And whereas it would he very beneficial and advantageous, not only to Persons residing in or near Hexham aforesaid, but also of very great public Utility, if the said recited Ar-i tides of Agreement of the second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, were established and confirmed, and the same carried into Execution, and a new Store Bridge built across the River Tyne, opposite to Hexham aforesaid; also a new Road made from the North End.of the said Bridge (when built) unto the Alemouth Road, pursuant to the said recited Articles of Agreement; also a new Road from the said North End of the said Bridge, over Part of the said Close Eastward, to the Roads and Lancs leading from the said River towards the North and East; and also a new Road from the South End of the said Bridge, over the Waste or Common called Mlll-island, to and over the said Arch to be erected across the Mill Leet: But as the said several Purposes cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament/ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lid recited Articles of Agreement of the second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, herein-before mentioned, shall be, and the same are hereby absolutely established and confirmed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Gawen Aynjley, John Tiueddell, and Bacon William IVafldl, Esquires, and all others his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Northumberland for the Time being, and they are hereby enabled, authorised, and empowered, by themselves, or the said Henry Erringtcn, their or his Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servants and others, to build, or cause to be built, a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne aforesaid, opyofite rn Hexham aforesaid, or at nnv other Place near thereunto, as to them shall seem most convenien j and lfo an Arch across the said Mill Leer; and also to make and maintain a good and lufncicnc R nd, to le.o fmin the North End of the said Bridge (when built) into the present Alemouth Rond, for »he Pafi.-g- *'r 1 Persons on Foot or on Horseback, and for all Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages what!i in

as are expressed in the Lid

Road from the said N»—1 Lanec h:.jufr*n» the South Led ' 1 " and over th?

235

In conference of a Complaint of the Grand Jury, relating to bridges.

it was ordered by the Quarter Sessions, J« ». 14, 17-8, that a Lul of the County Bridge s fiv uld be always delivered to the Foreman of the Grand Jury,

Sc c.

And it was like-wife ordered, that an Application be made to Parliament to enable tl c Sef-lioni to fulrii their Agreement with Mr. Errington«

The Ariclei of Agreement of June a, 177;, confirmed.

The Sess00*, and Mr. Errington, nr powrrei to H> ilthe Jhidiir, &c. and nuke R.acts.

and according to such Terms Stipulations, and Agreements, Agreement; also to make and maintain a good and fulfi irnt ge, over Pirt of the said Close Eastward, to the Roads anti North ai d East; and also a good and fufllcienr Ro*id from over the W or Common called the Mid ifand, to r.vc aforesaid, for the Railage of all Persons, 0:1 Foot or

236

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

Ywcrt vestrd tn them f':*r that Purpose,

They may m.’ke Trenches, Landing places, &c. on adjoining Lands, making Satisfaction to all Parties injured.

Directions relating to the Road to lead from the Bridge to the Alemouth Road.

[Proviso.]

Incapacitated Persons empowered to sell and convey Lands.

If Juices and Fatties cannot a; n e, the Commissioners of the L?nd Tax to de-tc inline.

C. 4 4*

A.D. 177S.

on Horseback, and for all Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages whatsoever, without making any Satisfaction for such Parts of the Common or Waste Ground as shall be laid into and made a Part of the said

Roads respectively.

III. And, for the more effectually carrying the said recited Articles of Agreement, and this Act, into Execution,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Gawen AynJJey^ John Twed-ddl, and Biicon William IVajhll, and all others his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Northumberland for the Time being, shall be, and are hereby authorised and empowered to build, complete, and maintain the said Bridge across the said River Tyne, and also the said Arch aerofs the Mill Leet aforesaid, and also to make and keep, or cause to be made and kept, in good and sufficient Repair, the said Road, to lead from the North. End of the said Bridge (when built) into the present Alemouth Road, in Manner aforesaid; also the said Road to lead from the said North End of the said Bridge, Eastward; and also the said Road to be made over the said Millijland as aforesaid; and for putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities in and by this Act given and granted; and for that Purpose shall have full Power and Authority, by themselves, or the said Henry Errington, and their or his Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others, to remove any Shelves or other Obstructions in the said River, and to dig up, take, and carry away, all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment whatsoever, and also to cut, dig, and level the Banks of the said River, where the said Bridge is to be built, in such Manner as shall be necessary and proper for the building the said Bridge; and to erect and make in and over the said River, and the Lands adjoining or near to the same, any Sheds, Trenches,* and Landing-places; and, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to do all other Matters and Things necessary and convenient for making, erecting, supporting, and maintaining, the said Bridge, and the aforesaid Roads to lead to and from the same, and for making and doing the several other Matters and Things in and by this Act authorised to be done, doing as little Damage as may be, and first making Satisfaction and Recompence to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of any Lands or Grounds that shall be made use of, damaged, or prejudiced, fey* for, or upon account of erecting and maintaining the said Bridge, or by, for, or upon account of laying out and making the said Road, which is to lead from the North End thereof to the Alemouth Road, and the said other Road which is to lead from the North End of the said Bridge Eastwards, or by, for, or upon account of the doing and performing any other Act, Matter, or Thing, hereby authorised to be done and performed for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one proper and commodious Road.or Avenue shall be made to lead from the North End of the said Bridge (when built) into, and to have Communication with the present Alemouth Road, and shall be made of the same Breadth therewith; and that the same Road, when made, shall at all Times, forever thereafter, be deemed a public High Road for the Passage of all Persons whatsoever, either on Foot or on Horfiftack, or with Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, at their free Will and Pleasure; which said Road or Avenue shall, at the Expence of the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, be fenced off and separated from the adjoining Lands with Quicksets or otherwise, as shall be found necessary, with proper and sufficient Gates to open into and out of the said Road or Avenue, through which the respective Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands, and their Servants and Agents, shall and may, at all Times thereafter, have free Ingress, Egress, and Regress, to pass and repass, with their Horses, Teams, and Cattle; and the said Bridge across the River Tyne, when built, as also the said Arch across the Mill Leet, and the same Roads and Avenues, shall be made, and at all Times afterwards maintained and repaired, in such Manner as herein after for that Purpose is particularly mentioned and directed.

V. Provided always, That in case the said Road, so to be made from the North End of the said Bridge, when built, shall go through the Hermitage Estate to the Alemouth Road, the same shall go on the North Side of the Hermitage House.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, Femes-covert, Infants, or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Cr/lutque Trusts, and other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of any Lands or Grounds, of any Tenure whatsoever, to be used or taken for the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, or agree with the said Justices, or any three or ’more of them, or the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to (ell and convey the same, as OccHion shall be or require, for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid, to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Person«, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And, in case the said Justices, or any three or more of them, or the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, cannot agree with the respective Owners, Occupiers, or Persons interested as aforesaid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the said County of Northumberland, or any five or more of them together assembled, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners respectively, for settling, determining, and adjusting, with the Consent of the Parties, all Differences which shall happen to arise between the find Justices, or the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, touching and concerning the Recompence and Satisfaction which shall be made to them, or any of them, for the Damages they or any of them shall sustain by an J

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44. 237

upon account of the erecting and maintaining the said Bridge, or by, for, or on account of turning, altering, or making any Highways, Foot-bridge, Foot-path, Stiles, or Horse-paihs, or the doing and performing of any of the Matters or Things herein-before authorised to be done and performed; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to adjust, settle, and determine, what Srftisfaction all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, shall have for such Lands or Grounds, and adjust and settle what Share and Proportion of such Recompence or Satisfaction every Tenant, or other Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Interest, in any of the Premises, shall have and receive for his, her, or their respective Interest and Damages; and in case the said Justices, or the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested in the Premises, shall be dissatisfied with any such Determination of the said Commissioners, or shall decline such Determination; or in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, for the Space of ten Days next after Notice shall be^iven to him, her, or them, or to the Head Officer of any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or to the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of any of the Premises (in case such Party or Parties so interested cannot be found), neglect or refuse to treat and agree with the said Justices, or the said Henry Errington. his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or through Disability, by reason of Nonage, Coverture, or Estate Tail, or other Impediment whatsoever, cannot make any effectual or valid Agreement, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered and authorised to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff* of the County of Northumberland; who is hereby authorised and directed accordingly to impannel* and return a Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, Inhabitants of the said County, and qualified to serve on Juries, not less than thirty-six, nor more than forty-eight; and out of such Persons so impannelled and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn by such Commissioners, or any five or more of them* or some Person to be by them, or any five or more of them, appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons, so to be impannelled and returned, are hereby required to appear before the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend them from Day to Day, till they shall be discharged by such Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array for Affinity, or any other Cause whatsoever; and that the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered, by Precept or Precepts under their Hands,'from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them any Person or Persons, in order to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, before the said Commissioners, or any five of them, or such Jury, touching and concerning the Premises; and such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may likewise cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places, Master or Masters in question, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, to attend until all the Matters for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any five of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall inquire into the Value of such Lands or Grounds, and of the respective Estate and Interest of all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, seised or possessed of, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, or the Damages which shall or may be done to any Lands or Grounds by the doing or performing of any of the Matters and Things herein-before authorised to be done and performed; and shall assess the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Purchase of such their Estates and Interests, or as a Recompence and Satisfaction for the Damages they shall sustain as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed: And the Verdicts of such Juries, and the Judgment or Decrees thereupon (Notice in Writing keing given as aforesaid to the Person or Persons so interested, or to the Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate so interested, at lead ten Days before the Time of such Meeting, declaring the Time and Pla^e of the Meeting of the Commissioners and Jury, or being left at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, Head Officer or Officers, or at his or their last usual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the Premises, in case such Party cannot be found), shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Irt-tcreft, in, to, or out of, such Lands or Grounds, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and Iffiie unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, and Fcmes covert, under any legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, as against all other Persons whatsoever: And two Transcripts of all such Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the Commissioners and Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by five or more of the Commissioners making and pronouncing the same, one of which Transcripts, so signed and sealed, shall be forthwith transmitted to the said Henry Errington, his Executors or Administrators, and the other to the Clerk or the Peace of the said County of Northumberland, to be preserved among the Records of the said County; and the said Transcripts, so signed and sealed, shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all^ Intents and Purposes whatsoever and the Copies thereof figrred, and proved to be signed by the said Clerk of the Peace, shall be deemed good and effectual Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity

whatsoever;*

In case Pirtiei are dissatisfied with such Determination, ft c# the Matter to be settled by a Jury.

Jarori may be

challenged.

WitnessV. may be examined on Oath.

Verdins of Juries, ice. to be binding.

Two Transrripta

of all Verdif>%

Ac. to be made, and signed by the Commissioners j

and shall be deemed Records,

238

Upon Payment or Tender of the Money aftWTed, &c. Justice* may make use of the purchased Lands,

In Default of Jurymen appearing, others to be procured.

Commissioners empowered to Smpose a Fine on Sheriff' and others for Neglect of Duty.

Fines may be levied by Distress,

Persons not to ad wherein* terested.

Person* foftaining Damage by the Default of Mr. Errington, the Recommence to be ' afeerrained by the Commis* fioocra.

Commissioners Meetings to be with n four Miles of the Places in question.

On making a new Road over the Hermitage Eftaie, former jRo*d« over the same to c*f«.

C. 44. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

*whatever; and all Persons may have Recourse to the same gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding the Sum of Fourpence for every seventy-two Words, and so proportionally for any greater Number of Words: And upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so afieffed by such Juries, and adjudged and deemed by the said Commissioners to the Party or Parties concerned, or legal Tender thereof made tp him, her, or them, or »n case such Party or Parties cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept the same, then upon Payment thereof into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, by any Writing under their Hands, appoint, for the Use of the Party or Parties interested as aforesaid, and to be paid to him, her, or them, upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, it shall then, and not before, or otherwise, be lawful to and for the said Justices, or the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, tp make use of such Lands or Grounds for the Purposes of this Act, and they the said Justices shall have, hold, use, and enjoy the lame, to and for the Purposes of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify as well the said Commissioners as the said Justices, and all and every Person or Persons by them or any of them authorised and empowered therein, or acting under them, against such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and against all and every other Person and Persons, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen to be sworn for the Purposes of this Act, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number of twelve; and that all Persons concerned shall, from Time to Time, have their lawful Challenges against any such Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and that the said Commissioners, or, any five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have full Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine on such Sheriff, or his Deputy, Bailiff's, or Agents, respectively, making Default in the Premises, or upon any Person or Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Juries and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn ftiafl not give his or their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and likewise upon such Person or Persons (not being a Peer or Peeress of Great Britain) summoned as aforesaid to give Evidence, who shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or give Evidence, or to be examined by or before the said Commissioners, or any nve or more of them; and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons offending in any Matters or Things as aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of such five of the acting Commissioners, to be directed to the Constable or other Officer of the Township, Parish, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall live (which Constable or other Officer is hereby required to execute the same), so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of forty Shillings; which Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County of Northumberland for the Time being, to be applied and accounted for by him as Part of the County Rates.

IX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall sit or act as a Commissioner or Commissioners in any Case where he or they is# or are in any wise, directly or indirectly, interested or concerned in the Matter or Matters in question; nor shall any Person whomsoever be sworn to serve on any

iury, or be examined as a Witness, where he or she is in any wise, directly or indirectly, interested in any latter in question; nor shall any Person or Persons whomsoever (being a Commissioner or Commissioners of the Land Tax) who shall have acted as a Justice of the Peace in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the settling and adjusting such Disputes or Matters in question as last herein-before mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall sustain any Damage or Injury in his, her, or their Lands or Grounds, by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, for which he, she, or they shall have had no Recompence, by any Act, Neglect, or Default of the said Henry Errington, his Executors or Administrators, or his or their Agents or Workmen, then and in such Case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall esquire of and ascertain such Damage and Recompence, by a Jury to be impannelled and returned as aforesaid, in like Manner and Form as Damages and Recompence are herein-before appointed to be affeiTcd and adjudged; »and in Default of Payment thereof by a certain Day, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, authorise and impower such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Henry Errington, his Executors or Administrators, together with such Costs and Charges as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall in such their Warrant direct, rendering to the said Henry Errington, his Executors or Administrators, the Overplus (if any be) after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; or otherwise, such Party or Parties so aggrieved may have Remedy for such Sum and Sums of Money so assessed, and not paid according to the Judgment of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Henry Errington, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Meeting shall be held by the said Commissioners, or any five of them, for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, at any Place which shall be above four Miles distant from the Place where the Controversy, or the Matter to be enquired of, shall arise or be.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared. That, from and immediately after the completing and finiffiing the said Road, to lead from the North End of the said Bridge (when built) to the said Ale mouth Road (provided such Road shall lead through or along any Part of the fields, Closes, or Grounds, commonly called The Hermitage Estate) all other public and private Ways* Roads* Paths, and Pallages, now: 4 nr

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

a 44.

239

be paid by Mr. Ertington.

or at any Time heretofore used by any Person or Persons whomsoever, through the said Fields, Closes, or Grounds, called The Hermitage Estate, shall cease and be no longer used as such; and that the Soil and Inheritance of the Land and Ground where such Ways, Roads, Paths, and Passages now are, shall from thenceforth be, and be deemed and taken to be. Part and Parcel of the Fields, Closes, and Grounds, through or along which the same lie, and for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed as such by the Owners of the said Fields, Closes, and Grounds; and that the same shall be estimated, deemed, and taken, as Part of the Confederation, and towards making a Satisfaction and Recompence for the Ground to be taken from the Hermitage Estate, to be laid in and made a Part of the intended new Road, to lead from the North End of the said Bridge (when built) to the Alemouth Road: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or prejudice any Road or Roads, or Right of Passage, now ufcJ, through, over, or along any Lands or Grounds lying weft ward from the Mill called The Hermitage Mill.

[Proviso.]

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to take away any Road now used and enjoyed through the Hermitage Estate, on the North Side of the Road intended to be made from the North End of the said Bridge to the Alemouth Road.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences, All Expences of of building and finishing the said Bridge, and also the Arch across the Mill Leet aforesaid, and also of buildi_ns» *c-making and completing the said Road or Highway, to lead from the North End of the said Bridge (when built) into the present Alemouth Road, and to join the same, and all other necessary and incidental Expences attending the same, respectively, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the said Henry Errington, his Heirs,

Executors, or Administrators, pursuant to the said recited Articles of Agreement.

XV. And whereas the Treasurer for the said County of Northumberland, by the Order and Direction f of the Justices of the said County of Northumberland, hath already, by and out of the Money arising from the County Rates, advanced and paid several considerable Sums of Money towards defraying the Costs and Charges, Damages and Expences of building a Bridge or Bridges across the River Tyne9 at or near Hexham aforesaid, and for other Purposes relative thereto; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices, and the said Treasurer, shall from henceforth, for ever, be and remain indemnified of, from, and against, all such Sum and Sums of Money which they have so expended, laid out, and disbursed, for the Purposes aforesaid, by and out of the Money arising from the said County Rate, and also of, from, and against, all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, which they or any of them may have sustained for or by Reason or Means thereof respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, for the Time being, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, from Time to Time, to order and direct the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money that shall be received and collected by and from the said County Rates and Assessments, and in the Hands of the Treasurer of the County for the Time being, that shall be necessary and requisite for defraying the Expences of building the said Bridge, and making the said Road or Avenue, pursuant to the said recited Articles of Agreement; and for procuring, making, and maintaining the said Road, from the North End of the said Bridge Ea ft ward, to the Roads and Lanes leading from the said River towards the North and East; and also for making and maintaining the said Road over the said Waste called The Mill-island; and for erecting the said Arch across the said Mill Leet, and for other the Purposes of this Act mentioned; and also of obtaining and passing this Act.

XVII. And whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said Chunty of Northumberland have, at a confi- derable Expence, prepared and provided a great Quantity of Timber, Stone, Iron, and other Materials, for the Purpose of building a Bridge a little higher up the said River Tyne9 as in the said recited Articles of Agreement is mentioned,’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Henry Errington9 his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Deputies,

Workmen, Agents, or Servants, from Time to Time, and at all Times, at his and their free Wills and Pleasures, with Horses, Carts, Teams, Waggons, and other Carriages, to have, use, take, and carry away, all such Timber, Stone, Iron, and other Materials so prepared for the Purposes aforesaid, without paying or making any Payment or Satisfaction to the said Justices for the same, pursuant to the said recited Articles of Agreement of the second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, exclusive of and in Addition to any Sum or Sums of Money in and by the said Articles of Agreement covenacted and agreed to be paid by the said Justices to him the said Henry Errington.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bridge across the River Tyne9 and also the said Arch across the said Mill I^eet, when so respectively fini(bed and completed, shall respectively be deemed County Bridges, and (from and after the Term of seven Years mentioned in the said recited Articles of Agreement) shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever thereafter, be repaired, or maintained and, kept in Repair, as County Bridges.

XIX. And be it hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said Road, so to be made from the North End of the said Bridge (when built) to the Alemouth Road, the said Road so to be made from the said North End of the said Bridge Kaftward, and the said Road over the said Mill~island, respectively, shall be completed, the same shall respectively from thenceforth for ever thereafter be public Roads, for the Passage of all Persons, on Foot or on Horseback, and for all Horses,

Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, whatsoever: And that, from and after the Expiration of the Term of seven Years, mentioned in the said recited Articles of Agreement herein before recited, the said Road, so to be made from the North End of the said' Bridge (when built) to the Alemouth Road, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever thereafter, be deemed and considered as Part of the Alemouth Turnpike Road, and shall be continually repaired, amended, and kept in Repair as such, as fully and effectually, to

I i 2 all

Justices and Treasurer of the Cooooty in* demnified for Money already expended on account of the Bridge}

and the Justices to order further Expences to be psid.

Justices haring provided Materials with Intent to build the Bridge,

Mr Errington to have them gratis, pursuant to the Agreement June ip 1777.

The Bridges when ft ished to be dcen.cd County Bridgesj

and *he Roads deemed public Roads.

The North Road to be cotl-hdtrieJ as Hart-of the Alemouth Turnpike Road,

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

240

The Road leading from the Sooth End of the Mill Lett Arch, &c. to be deemed Part of the Alcmooth Turnpike Road,

N« Toll-bar to be erclted.

Persons defraying the Works shall be punified as hclons.

Penalty on Persom damaging the Works.

X^cmmencement of the Powers of this Act.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-sessions*.

C. 44.

A.D. 1778.

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Road had originally been Part of the said Alemouth Turnpike Road; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas no Provision is made by this Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the South End of the said Arch (so to be built across the said Mill Leet, as aforesaid) South- raft ward, to that Part of the Glenwhelt Road, which leads to the East End of the Town of Hexham aforesaid,* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Road leading from the South End of the said Arch South-eastward, to that Part of the Glenwhelt Road which leads to the East End of the Town of Hexham aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, be deemed and considered as Part of the Alemouth Turnpike Road, and shall be continually repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, as such, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same bad originally been Part of the said Alemouth Turnpike Road, instead of such Part of the Alemouth Turn-Dike Road which leads from the said Town of Hexham to the new Road intended to be made from the North End of the said Bridge into the said Alemouth Road; and that the Act of Parliament under which the said Alemouth Turnpike Road is regulated, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, fb far as the same relates to the said Road so leading from the Town of Hexham aforesaid to the said intended new Road to lead from the North End of the said Bridge, when built, where the same shall come into the said Alemouth Road.

XXI. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Toll-bar or Toll-gate shall at any Time or Times hereafter be erected or set up in the Town of Hexham, or across or upon the said Road leading from the North End of the said Bridge (when built) to the Alemouth Road, nor across or upon the said Road leading from the South End of the said Arch so to be built across the said Mill Leet, to the East End of the Town of Hexham aforesaid, where the said Glenwhelt Road joins the said Town.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously blow up, burn, pull down, or destroy, the said Bridge or Arch, or any Part thereof, or any of the Works belonging thereto respectively, such Person or Persons, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to order and direct such Person or Persons to be transported to some or one of his Majesty's Plantations in America for the Term of seven Years; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for such Court to sentence such Person or Persons to be kept to hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding the Term of three Years, in Manner directed in and by an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Pu~ nishment, by hard Labour, of Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majestys Colonies anaPlantations.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully hurt, damage, injure, or deface, the said Bridge or Arch, or any of the Works belonging thereto respectively, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, on the Oaih of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay, into the Hands of the Treasurer for the County of Northumberland fur the Time being, the Sum of forty Shillings, in case the Damage or Injury occasioned to the said Bridge or Arch, or the Works belonging thereto, respectively, shall not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings; but in case such Damage or Injury shall exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, then such Justice or Justices shall and may award such Offender or Offenders to pay to the said Treasurer such Sum or Sums as such Justice or Justices, in his or their Discretion, shall think fir, not exceeding double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done to the said Bridge or Arch, or the Works belonging thereto respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powets hereby given and granted (except such Powers, the Commencement whereof is herein otherwise provided for) shall commence and take Effect upon the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise by this Act particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, before any ore Justice of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, either by the Confiftion of the Offender or Offenders, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer), be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant he is hereby empowered and requited to grant), and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deduced, shall be returned* upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when paid or levied, shall, from Time to Time (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Adf), be paid to the County Treasurer, and be accounted for by him as of the County Rates; and in case a suffici-ei>t Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol of the County of Northumberland, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby otherwise given, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County of Northumberland, within four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45- 24*

to be given, ten Days Notice, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy; and within three Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, the said Sessions $ and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear, and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal, in a summary Way 5 and if they fee Cause may, by their Order, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or vacate or let aside any Conviction or Convictions (but not for Want of Form only), or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs, as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Sessions shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari, or other Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall have been present or in anywise have acted in the Transaction which shall have occasioned any Complaint or Grievance, for Redress whereof any such Appeal or Appeals shall be made or brought, shall be capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in the determining or dtciding such Controversy, Dispute, or Grievance, for a Redress whereof any Appeal shall arise or be brought at such Sessions.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Northumberland, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Mater in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons wheunsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth, to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built-in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise^ to the prohibiting the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and - to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to t’ e granting a Bounty upon Flax feed imported into Ireland; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover> Deal and Isle of I banc t; and to revive and continue fa much of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to Ins Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Expedience, been found useful and scene- rial* and are near expiring;* may it therefore please your Majesty tlut it may be enacted; uni be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gevge the Second, (intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Britillw//<7//f Grnpru*d*r), which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of juvey one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; anti which, by fever J subsequent Acts made in the tenth, sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years or his said Majest>’s Reign, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was fin iher coir ir.nrd until ih» twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eigh*>, and fr* m thence to ihz End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby tuither contihutd, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating th

A law future

giving ten Days. Notice.

Justices concerned in the Appeal not te fit at Sessions.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Public Act.]

242

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

further contir ' nued till Sept. a9, 1785, &c.

Act 12 Geo. II. granting a Liberty to carry Sugar $ from the Sugar Colonies to foreign Parts,

farther continued till Sept.

29* f785» *c*

Part of an Act 39 Geo. II. for punishing Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of Ixcise Laws,&c.

further continued till Sept. *9> *7^5*

»Act 14 Geo. III. to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, &c.

further continued till May 1, 3783, Sec,

Part of an Act 15 Geo. III. relating to a Bounty on Flax-ferd imported into [1 eland j

and an Act of J6 Geo. III. granting a firm-lar Bounty,

further continued for two y ears.

Act 3 Geo. I. for berer regulating Pilots,

and a Chuse in an Act of 7 Geo. I.

C. 45.

A.D. 1778.

Manufacture of British Sail Clothr and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom), which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the thirteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Mantif'afiure, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law}, which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next ^ftion of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Cujhms or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures), as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or dif-

fuifed, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in nformations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then ne?ct Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum), which was to continue in Force until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI.’ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reigil of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing the Clothing and Accoutrements tie-cessary for his Majesty's Forces, paid out of his Majestys Revenues ar'tfing in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where fuel? Forces are ordered to serve\ and for granting a Bounty upon Flax-feed imported into Ireland, for a limited Time), as relates to the granting a Bounty upon Flax-feed imported into Ireland for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force for two Years from the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also another Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax feed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time), which was to continue in Force for two Years, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thtnee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First (intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway), which was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of the said Act of the third Year of his said Majesty's Reign; which said Act, together with the said Clause, were, by several subsequent Act?, of the tenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, and of the eighth and twenty-third Years of the Reign

243

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46—*48.

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheats and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles), as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; which, by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Virtue, until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

[Further Time given till Jan. 1, 1779.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend such Part of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices.

WHEREAS in and by an Act, made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor), it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned, or the greater Part of them, by the Assent of any two Justices of the Peace, to bind the Children of all such Parents who shall not, by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the greater Part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their Children, to be Apprentices, where they shall see convenient, till such Man-child shall come to the Age of four and twenty Years, and such Woman-child to the Age of one and twenty Years, or Day of Marriage: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the said Term respecting Men-children is longer than is necessary, and that if such Man-child was bound to be an Apprentice only till he came to the Age of one and twenty Years,

all the Benefits intended by the said Act would be preferred, the Hardship3 brought on such Parish Apprentices, by the Length of their Apprenticeship, would be avoided, and the good Harmony between Master and Apprentice would be better maintained may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Man-child shall be bound to be an Apprentice by virtue of and under the Authority of the said Act, made in the forty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, such Child shall be bound to be an Apprentice for no longer Term than till such Child shall come to the Age of twenty-one Years.

fqrther contl-

r u?d < il M;rch 25, 17y*.

So much of an Act of 16 Gtc. III. as relates to the Exportation of Wheat, &c. to the Sugar Colonies,

revived $ and to

continue in Force till May I. 1779.

[Preamble.]

Act 43 Eliz. recited.

No Child apprenticed by virtue of the recited Act, to continue an Act-prentice after the Age of twenty-one.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of forty thousand Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the ? Gaol of Newgate, and a Sessions-house adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made* and passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the Rccita, of AjS§

City of London, it was among other Things enacted, That for and towards raising a perpetual Fund to 5 and 6°Cul% m 4 pay the yearly Interest of four Pounds for everyone hundred Pounds principal Money, and the Interest Mar.*

thereof, then due to any Orphan of the said City, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any such Orphan, or any other the Creditor or Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,

or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Creditors, all and every the City’s Estates and Revenues (except as therein excepted) should be charged for ever with the clear annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds; and the said Act did also appropriate to the Fund and Purposes aforesaid the Rents* c and Profits of the said City’s aqueducts (except as therein excepted), and the Sum of two thousand*

Pound* was thereby directed to be annually raised upon the perfoaai Estatea of the {Several Inhabitant*

244 C. 48. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

within the said City and Liberties towards the said Fund; and for the further Increase thereof, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence was directed to be paid upon the binding of every Apprentice within the said City, and five Shillings by every Person who should be admitted to be a Freeman thereof; and the said Act imposed upon all Sorts of Wine imported into the Port of the said City, or the Members thereof,

byway of Merchandise, a Duty of four Shillings per Ton over and above the Duties then payable thereon; and for every Chaldron of Coals and Culm imported into the said Port, or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City upon the said River, to be sold, the Sum of Four-pence for Metage

forever; and also for all Coals or Culm, usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof which should be inporud into the said Port, or the Members thereof, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred (over and above all other Impositions and Duties, and the said Sum of Four-pence Metage), the Sum of Sixpence; and for such Coals as were sold by the Ton, for every Ton thereof the like Sum of Sixpence; the said Imposition of Sixpence to continue

Geo. IT*j from the said twenty-ninth Day of September for and during the Term of fifty Years: And whereas by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- cond, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, and \ 4 for other Purposes therein mentioned, the said Imposition of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals

was further continued during the Term of thirty-five Years from the Expiration of the said Term of fifty Years; and out of the Money arising from the said Imposition so continued, the yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds was directed to be paid during kthe said Term of thirty-five Years to the Wardens

and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, in the Manner and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and the Residue of the said Monies was thereby appropriated to make Part of the Fund for paying the Intetest to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said Cry: And it was thereby directed, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, on<rthousand seven hundred and fifty, the said City’s Estates and Revenues should be charged towards the said Fund with the yearly

Sum of two thousand Pounds, and no more, over and above the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds wherewith they then Rood charged; and that the Surpluses arisen or to arise from the Fund, so appropriated for Payment of the said Interest, should be applied to the Payment of the said capital Debt,

with a Proviso in the said Act contained, that no Orphan of the said City under the Age of twenty-one Years Riould be paid off, so long as there should be any Person not an Orphan under that Age Pro-

»9 Geo. II.;

prietor of any Part of the said principal Debt: And whereas by an Act, rmde and passed in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to build the said Bridge, and to make, enlarge, or improve Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the said River, to and from the said Bridge, and to light and W3tch the same when built,

and to take certain Tolls for the Passage over the same, and upon ‘the Credit thereof to raise any Sum

io4 7 Geo. III. not exceeding one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds: And whereas by an Act, made and passed in

the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames from Black-friars, in the City of London, to the oppefite Side in the CountV of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London-bridge;

for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same\

for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing,

towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by on Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; reciting (among other Things) to the Eftest herein-before recited, and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, had proceeded in the Execution of the fpd Act, and to- wards the Purposes thereof had borrowed and raised the Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, bcfi ies contributing the Sum of sixteen thousand two hundred Pounds, which two Sums, together with the Profits made by the Dividends and Sale of the public Funds wherein Part of the said Monies was inverted, and by the Sale of old Materials, and otherwise, did, upon the fifth Day of July,

in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, amount to the Sum of one hundred seventy-three thousand and forty Pounds seven Shillings and Sixpence; and that upon the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there had been laid out and expended, in the Execution of the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Surr> 4 of one hundred and forty thousand five hundred and ninety-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and Ten- pence Halfpenny; so that there remained in the Chamber of the said City a Balance of thirty-two thou- land four hundred and forty-four Pounds seven Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny, which Balance, by feme Receipts then expedit'd, was likely to be raised to the Sum of thirty-three thousand and eighty- nine Pounds-twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny; and that by Estimates of the necessary Expences which, upon the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, remained to be incurred for the complete Execution of the said last mentioned Act (exclusive of the Roads on the Surry Side), and of the Charge of making, widening, enlarging, or improving. Streets and Ways ne- c liary for a more convenient and ready Passage to the said then intended Bridge from several Parts of the (0id City, there would be wanted for the said several Purposes, over and above the said last mentioned Balance, the further Sum of fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds; and that it would be of general Advantage that the P.issige over the said intended Bridge should be freed and exempted as soon as might be from the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said Act, in which Case it would be necessary to provide some other sufficient Funds, as well for Repayment of the said one hundred and forty-four thousand

On July 5, 1766, $8,ccoI. viotrd to co triple t B acW-<nar»-br.dge.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48.

*45

30,000l. for redeeming the Toils of London-bridge;

50,ooool. for building New* gate j

Royal Exchange.

Pounds, with the Interest thereof, and raising the said fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds, as for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, the said Budge when built 5 and that it would tend to remove many Inconveniencies if the Ground and Soil of the said River of 7,5001. for ea-Thames, between the West Corner of PowelTs Wharf near Puddle dock, in the said City of London, and fc*nk,g At the East Corner of Robert's Wharf near Milford-lane, in the said County of Middlesex, was inefofed and wneti embanked, the Expence of making which Embankment was estimated at the Sum of seven thousand five hundred Pounds; and that the Passage over London-bridge was subject to a prescriptive Toll, appropriated to the Support of the said Bridge, upon all Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, passing over the same to and from the said City, loaden with any kind of Goods or Provisions which Toll was at that Time in Lease for twenty-one Years at a Fine of two thousand one hundred Pounds, and under a yearly Rent of seven hundred and thirty-five Pounds; and that it would also be of general Advantage that the Passage over the said Bridge should be freed and exempted as soon as might be from the Payment of such Tolls; the Redemption of which Tolls, and the Purchase of which Lease, were estimated at the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds: And also reciting, That the then Gaol of Newgate, which is not only the County Gaol of Middlesex as well as of London, but also the General Prison for Smugglers, and*

Debtors to the Crown, from all Parts of the Kingdom, was so ill-contrived as not 'to admit of a sufficient Supply of fresh Air and Water, from which Cirr urn fiances the same was in general unhealthy, and often visited with a malignant Fever called The Gaol Distemper, the fatal Effects of which had sometimes extended beyond the Prison Walls; and that the said Gaol was so old and ruinous as to be incapable of any effectual Alteration or Repair, and the Charge of building a more airy and commodious one in its Stead was estimated at the Sum of fifty thousand rounds; and also reciting, That the House or Building an* called The Royal Exchange, within the said City of London (the daily Place of Resort of Merchants,

Traders, Mariners, and others, from all Parts of this Kingdom, and from many foreign Countries), was so much decayed, that the utter Ruin thereof was apprehended unlefe the same should be speedily and effectually repaired, which necessary Reparations were estimated at the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, for which the Funds then subsisting were insufficient; and that the said several Sums of fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds, seven thousand five hundred Pounds, thirty thousand Pounds, nfty thousand Pounds, and ten thousand Pounds, amounting together to the Sum or one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, could net be raised, nor any new Fund provided for Repayment of the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, with the Interest thereof, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And also reciting, That the Surplusses which, at the Time of passing the said A<9, made and passed in the twenty-full Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, had arisen, and the Surplusses which had since arisen from the said Fund, bad been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and thereby the said Capital Debt, due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of London, was, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-iix, xeduced to the Sum of six hundred and ten thousand eighty-four Pounds six Shillings and Ten-pence, and that (computing the future Surplusses at a Medium of the lad five Years) the Whole might be expc&ed to be paid off and discharged by the twenty-fifth Day of March> which will be in the Year one thousand eight hundred and three: And that if the said Imposition of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm was to be further continued to the twenty-ninth Day of Sep* tember? which willbe in the Year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King JfUliam and Queen Marjy with the Addition thereto of one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, would (it was computed) be sufficient in that Time to discharge the Principal and Interest not only of the said Debt due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, but of the said further Sums of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, and one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds: And further reciting, That the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens were willing and desirous that the City’s Estates and Revenues should, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, until the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, be charged with the Payment of the said yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds towards the Increase of the said Fund for the Purposes aforesaid, over and above the several Sums with which the said Estates and Revenues then flood charged; it was thereby enabled (amongst other Things), That it should and might be lawful to an6 for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they were thereby empowered and required, with all convenient Speed, to pull down the said Gaol of Newgate, and to remove, dispose of, or destroy, the Materials thereof as they should think fit (having a Regard to the Health and Safety of his Majesty's Subjects), and to build a spacious and commodious new Gaol upon or near the Place where the then Gaol flood; provided always, That the Money which should arise from the Sale of such of the Materials as should be* thought expedient to be sold, mould be applied towards the Expence of such new Gaol: And to render the Access as well to the said new Gaol, as to the Sessions-house in the Old Bailey, more easy and convenient, the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, were thereby also empowered and authorised to widen, enlarge, or improve, such of the Streets, Ways, and Passages, adjoining or leading to the said then intended new Gaol and Sessions-house, or either of them, as they mould judge necessary for that Purpose: And it was thereby provided and enabled, That the said new Gaol when built should be the County Gaol of and for the said City of London, and of and for the County of Middlesex, in like Manner as the then Gaol was by Law, Usage or Prescription; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, were thereby invested with proper Powers for the Purpose of building the said then intended Gaol, and for the Purchase of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as they should judge fit to be purchased, removed, or pulled down* for that Purpose:

And it was thereby enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen,

Recital of the Powers granted to the Corporation of London by the Alt of 7 Geo. III.

156,000l.

borrowed.

to be at

246

3U 10«. per Cent, per Ann* for the Purposes before mention* c4.

The Fund established by Act < Sc 6 GuJ. Sc Mar. charged with the Payment of Moniea thentofore borrowed, and also the said Sum of 156,000 ):

ArvJ to render the said Fuad sufficient to pay off the said Debt*, the Duty ef 6 6. per Chaldron on Coais and Culm was futther continued for forty-lit Year*, &c.

The Order in which the dtfferrnt Payments Were to be made out of the Fund.

C. 48. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they were thereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-seven, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Fund so by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second in Part further continued, and by the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, herein recited, in Part further continued and augmented; the said Monies to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London by such Instalments, in such Proportions, and at such Times, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, should think fit and agree; and that the Persons who should contract to advance or contribute any Part of the said Monies, should, in respect of the Sums which they should so respectively contract to advance, be intitled to Annuities at and after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Cen~

tum per Annum, to commence and be computed from the Payment of the first of the said Instalments, and to be thenceforth paid and payable every six Months, until Redemption thereof by Payment of each respective principal Sum 5 and that no Part of the Monies so to be lent or advanced, nor Sny of the said Annuities so to take place in respect thereof, should be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever: And it was thereby enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, should cause a Bond or Note, or other Security in Writing, under the Common Seal of the said City, to be delivered to every Person advancing the said Monies for the Payment of such 4 Annuities in respect thereof, until redeemed as is herein after mentioned, which Bonds, Notes; or other Securities, should be assignable by proper Words to be written or indorsed thereon: And to the Intent that the said then intended Bridge at Black-friars might in due Time be freed and exempted from the Payment of any Toll for the Passage over the same, it was further enacted, That the said Fund, by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second in Part further continued, and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, herein recited, in Part further continued and augmented, should, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest of the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds so borrowed and raised for the Purposes of the said Bridge as aforesaid,

over and above the Debt then remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds to be raised and borrowed upon the Credit thereof as aforesaid: And it was thereby further enacted, That (for and towards rendering the said Fund sufficient and effectual to pay off and discharge, not only the Principal and Interest of the Debt so remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, but likewise of the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds so charged thereon by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and also to pay and redeem the Annuities which would be payable in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds so to be raised and borrowed upon the Credit thereof), the said Imposition of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm, so by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary granted during a Term of fifty Years, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second further continued for a Term of thirty-five Years, should be, and the same was thereby continued for a further Term of forty-six Years from the Expiration of the said Term of thirty-five Years; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions, contained in the Lid two Acts, or either of them, for the collecting, levying, and recovering of the said Imposition, and all the Penalties thereby imposed and Regulations therein respectively made for preventing Fraud and Covin, should remain and be in Force, and by virtue of the said Act, of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, herein recited, should and might be exer- cifed and put in Use for collecting, levying, and recovering the said Imposition for and during all the Time by the same Act limited and appointed for the Payment thereof, as if the same were therein expressly mentioned and repeated and at large re-enacted; and that all Monies to be received upon account of the said Imposition thereby continued should, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London for and towards the Increase of the said Fund: And it was thereby further enacted, That for and towards the further Increase of the said Fund, all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markets, Fairs, and the Duties thereof, and all othei^the Revenues of and belonging to the said City of London, in Possession or Reversion, should (from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and unto the twenty-fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one) stand and be changed with the full yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, and no more, over And above the several yearly Sums of eight thousand Pounds and two thousand Pounds, with which they then respectively flood charged; which said yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds was thereby ap- propriated and directed to be applied to the same Uses to which the said yearly Sums of eight thouLnd Pounds and two thousand Pounds were by the said former Acts, or by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, herein recited, made liable: And it was thereby further enacted, That the said Fund, created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and by the Lid Act of the seventh Year of hrs present Majesty, herein recited, in Part further continued and augmented, should be, and the same was thereby appropriated, in the first place, to pay the Inhered on the said principal Debt remain- ing due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City; and after Payment thereof, th.cn to pay the Interest on the said principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds so by the Lid 4 Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, herein recited, charged upon the said Fund; and also the Annuities which should be payable in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48.

.24?

Pounds so to be borrowed and ratfed upon the Credit thereof: And for discharging the Principal of the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, and redeeming the Annuities which should be so payable in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, as well as the said principal^ Debt then due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of London, it was thereby further enacted, That the future Surplusses of the said Fund so created, continued, and augmented, as aforesaidi (after reserving so much Money as should be sufficient to satisfy the Interest which should at any Time be due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, as also to satisfy the Interest which should at any Time be due on the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, and the said Annuities in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds) should from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London (which Order the said Court was thereby authorised and directed to make), be, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the-Time being, applied towards the Payment and Discharge of the Principal as well of the said Sums of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, and one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, as of the said Debt due to the said Orphan^ and other Creditors of the same City, in Manner following; (that is to say) For and during the Space of four Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, towards the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Debt due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City as aforesaid, or of so much of the said principal Debt as the said Surpluses should, during the said four Years, amount unto; and from and after the Expiration of the said four Years, then towards the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds; and from and after the Payment and Discharge thereof, then towards the Payment and Discharge of so much of the said principal Debt as should then remain due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City 5 and from and after the Payment and Discharge of the Whole of such Debt, then towards Redemption of all and every the Annuities so to be granted in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds; the Payment of which laid several Sums should and might be made in such Order as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen should think fit, but within the respective Times so as aforesaid limited for the making thereof respectively: And it was thereby provided and enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen should give, or cause to be given, six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off such respective principal Sums, or to redeem such Annuities, to the Person or Persons to whom the same should respectively belong, at the End of which six Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums so due, or for which such Annuities should have been granted, to or for the Person or Persons to whom such Notice should be given, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, in the Guildhall of the same City, and from thenceforth the Interest or Annuity payable to such Person or Persons, to whom such Notice and Payment or Tender should have been so given or made as aforesaid, should cease and determine; nevertheless the Money so tendered should be paid to such Person or Persons, upon his, her, or their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same; and the said Debts or Sums so charged on the said Fund and paid off as aforesaid should be annihilated: And it was thereby further provided and enacted, That for and during the said Space of four Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Sur-plusses arising and to arise of the said Fund should be applied to the respective Purposes aforesaid yearly at the End of each Year, but that from and after the Expiration of the said four Years the said Surplusses should be so applied at the End of every Half Year: And it was thereby further provided and enacted, That if the said Fund should at any Time or Times then after prove inefficient to pay off and discharge the Interest of the said respective principal Debts, and the Annuities so charged thereon, then, and in every such Case, and so often as the same should happen, the Sum which should be wanting to complete the Payment and Discharge of such Interest and Annuities should be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good and supplied out of the next Surplusses arising or to arise of the said Fund: And it was thereby further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, should be issued and applied for or to- wards the pulling* down the said Gaol of Newgate, and building a new Gaol instead thereof, and for or towards purchasing such Houses and Lands as should by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, be judged necessary for the Purpose of rendering such new Gaol more airy, extensive, and commodious; or for making, widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the Streets, Ways, or Passages, adjoining or leading to the said then intended new Gaol and Sessions-house; and that other Parts of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds should be applied for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; and that no Part of any of the said several Sums should be applicable or applied to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, than to or for or towards the several Purposes to which the same were respectively appropriated by the said Act; and that if any Surplus should remain of any of the said Sums over and above what should be applied to the several and respective Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, all and every such Surplus should be applied and appropriated for or towards the Increase of the Fund by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in Part continued and augmented, as aforesaid, to and for the several Uses and Purposes thereof by the said Acts, or any of them, respectively declared or appointed: And it was thereby provided and enacted, That nothing therein contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to lessen or affect the Security of any of the then Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens further or otherwise than is therein expressly directed and enacted: And whereas, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, have proceeded in the Erection of a new, spacious, and commodious Gaol, and for that Purpose have given up

K k z

How the Surplus's were to be disposed of.

Court of Alder* men were to give six Months Notice of their Intention to pay the respective Sums borrowed, or to redeem the Annuities, See,

In case of any Deficiency in the said Fund, the same to be supplied out of the Chamber of London*

*xpenc

G»oog

Recital of the Progress made in building a new Gaol, and the Expence thereof*

e

248

An Infirmary wanted.

Common Council empowered to complete the new Gaol, and to build an Infirmary adjoining thereto; and for that Purpose to ratio 40,000l. opoo the Orphans Toad.

Contributor? to be intitled to redeemable Annuities at 41. 10 s. per Cent, per Ann,

Common Council to give Bonds for such Annuities, assign>b!e %y lodorlement.

This Annuities to be charged on the Orphans fond.

C. 48.

Anno decimo o<9avo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

to the Public the Freehold of a very large and extensive Tract of Ground of considerable Value, and in the Prosecution of this great Business the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, have already laid out the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, have also, out of the Cash of the said City, expended the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds in creating a new Sessions house, and the further Sum of six thousand two hundred Pounds for the Purchase of several Houses in the Old Bailey* in order to make the new Gaol more healthy, and the Avenues thereto more convenient: And whereas if an Infirmary to the said Gaol was built, the same would greatly contribute to the Health of the Prisoners, and thereby be of great public Utility: And whereas the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Lendon^ 4 are seized of and well intitled to the Inheritance in Fee-simple in Possession of and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground near or adjoining to the said new Gaol proper for the Scite of such Infirmary, whereupon they propose and are denrous that the same should be erected and built: And whereas great and unforeseen Expences have been incurred in the freeing the said Gaol, and in purchasing Houses, Lands, and Tenements, for that Purpose, and in widening, enlarging, and improving, divers Streets, Ways, and Paf- sages, adjoining and leading thereto, in pursuance and Exercise of the Powers and Authorities given by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty: And whereas, by Estimates delivered to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, there will be required (over and above the said several Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and six thousand two hundred Pounds, so cx- pended out of the Cash of the said City) an additional Sum of twenty thousand Pounds for the Purpose of building such Infirmary, and completing the said Gaol, with the Appurtenances; and if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, were enabled to raise such further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be appliejJ for the Purpose of building/uch Infirmary, and completing the said Gaol, with the Appurtenances, and the like further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be applied towards reimbursing the said City the said several Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and six thousand two hundred Pounds, so expended out of the Cadi of the said City as aforesaid, upon the Cre- dit of the Surpluses to arise from the said Fund, it appears that such further Charges, as well as the Whole of the Debt and Sums of Money already charged thereon, will be paid off and discharged wiihia the Time for, which the said Duty or imposition of oixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of. Coals or Culm was continued by the said last mentioned Act:* Therefore, upon the Petition of the said Mayor* Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London^ in Common Council assembled, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to complete the said new Gaol, and to build a sparious and commodious Infirmary thereto upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground near or adjoining to the said Gaol.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, to borrow and raise the Sum of forty thousand Pounds (over and above the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds which they were empowered to borrow and raise by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty) upon the Credit of the Fund so by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, in Part further continued, and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty in rart further continued and augmented, the said Monies to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London by such Instalments, in such Proporttons, and at such Times, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit and agree; and the Persons who shall contract to advance or contribute any Part of the said Monies shall, in respect of the Sums which they shall/o respectively contract to advance, be intitled to Annuities at and after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annttmy to commence and be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; the first Payment of the said Annuities, computed from the Time aforesaid, to be made on the twenty-fourth Djy of Jt<ne> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and the subsequent Payments of the said Annuities to be thenceforth made, by equal half-yearly Portions, on the twenty-fifth Day of December, and the twenty-fourth Day o (June, in every Year, until Redemption thereof by Payment of each respective principal Sum; and that no Part of the Monies so to be lent or advanced, nor any of the said Annuities so to take place in respect thereof, shall be rated or assessed to any Taxor Assessment whatsoever.

TIL And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall cause a Bond or Note, or other Security in Writing, under the common Seal of the said City, to be delivered to every Person advancing the said Monies for the Payment of such Annuities in respect thereof, until redeemed, as is herein after mentioned; which Bonds, Notes, or other Securities shall be assignable by proper Words to be written or indorsed thereon.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund, created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty in Part further continued and augmented, shall he, and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in fefpeft of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds so to be borrowed and raised upon the Credit thereof under dbr by virtue of this Act; subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Interest on the said principal Debt remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and of the Interest on the said principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds so by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty charged upon the said Fund, and also the Annuities which are or shall be

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48.

2+9

be payable in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed to be borrowed and raised upon, the Credit thereof by the said lal^-mentioned Act, according to the true Meaning of the same Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the future Surpluses of the said Fund so created, continued, and augmented as aforesaid (after reserving so much Money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Interest due, and which shall at any Time be due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City; as also to satisfy the Interest due and which shall at any Time be due on the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds; arvd the said Annuities in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, as the same shall grow due and become payable respectively), the Annuities in respect of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds to be borrowed and raised under and by virtue of this Act, and also such Annuities as may he granted and become payable in respect of any other Sum or Sums of Money which, by virtue of any AtSlor Acts of Parliament passed or to be passed during this present Session of Parliament, shall be raised and charged upon the said Fund, shall be paid from Time to Time, as the same shall grow due, before any Part of such Surpluses shall be otherwise applied, as by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty is directed; and that the Residue of such Surpluses, after such Payments as determined by the said last mentioned Act are directed to be made out of the Surpluses of the said Fund, and which shall remain unsatisfied, shall be satisfied thereout, shall, from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London (which Order the said Court are hereby authorised and directed to make), be, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, applied towards the Redemption of all and singular the Annuities to' be payable in respect of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, and of such other bums as shall be granted or become payable in respect of any other Sum or Sums of Money which, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed or to be passed during this present Session of Parliament, shall be raised and charged upon the said Fund, in such Order as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think fit.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall give or cause to be given six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off such Annuities, to be granted in respect of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall respectively belong; at the End of which six Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums, far which such Annuities shall haVebeen granted, to or for the Person or Persons to whom such Notice shall be given, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, in the Guildhall of the same City, and from thenceforth, the Annuity and Annuities payable to such Person or Persons, to whom such Notice and Payment or Tender shall hav.e been so given or made as aforesaid, shall cease and determine; nevertheless the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons upon his, her, or their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same, and the Monies so paid considered as a Debt from or Charge upon the said Fund shall be annihilated.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Surplusses of the said Fund charged with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, shall at any Time or Times hereafter prove insufficient to pay off and discharge the same, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, the Sum which shall be wanting to complete the Payment and Discharge of such Annuities shall be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good and (implied out of the like future Surplusses of the said Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds so to be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied for or towards completing the said Gaol of Newgate, with the Appurtenances, and building an Infirmary thereto; and the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, Residu- thereof, shall be applied towards reimbursing the said City the said several Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and six thousand two hundred Pounds, expended out of the Cash of the said City; and that no Part of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds shall be applicable or applied to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, than to or for or towards the Purposes for which the same is appropriated by this Acfl: And if any Surplus shall remain of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, over and above what shall be applied to the several Uses and Purposes aforesaid, such Surplus shall be applied and appropriated for or towards the Increase of the said Fund by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty in Part continued and augmented as aforesaid*

IX. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time there shall be provided and kept, by the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, one or more Book or Books of Vellum or Parchment, in which all the Monies, which by virtue of this present Act shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the Fund aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, 2s the same shall be received, be entered and set down; and wherein also all the Monies to be paid and (iifbttrfed out of the Monies to be received shall from Time to Time be entered and set down; and such Entry shall express the Time when, the Occasions for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom, the same shall be so paiJ, and the Account of such Receip*s and Payments shall be yearly audited and allowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by any Committee by them to be appointed for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and which they are hereby authorised and empowered to appoint.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint such and so many Clerks and other Officers under them as shall he.necfflary to be employed in or about the Execution of all or any the Purposes aforesaid, and out of the said Monies to be raised by virtue ox* in pursuance of this Act. to make such Allowances

to

Surplusses of fjid fund to be applied.

Upon fix Mon*ha Notice of Redemption of Annuitiei, and Tender of the Money, the Annuties to cea e;

but the Principal to be A; 11 pa v able.

Dt ficiencies in Payment of later eft, to be supplied out of the Chamber of London.

The 40,000 1. to be applicable only for the Purpose of this Act t

The Surplus (if any) to be applied to increase the fund.

ChamberTa'n to keep Accounts of Rrceipts and Dtfburfenr.cotn

Commoa Council empowered to appoint xjfBcers j

and allow hem Salaries.

250

OfHcets concerned in the Receipt of Money to give Security.

Penalty on Officers misapplying any of the said Monies,

City infwerable in case of any Misapplication by them.

Amerciaments, &c. against the City to be applicable to the Uses of this Act, and not to be discharged, Sex Disbursements of the 40,000l. to be included in the Chamberlain's annual Account.

Bonds, Sec, not liable to any Duty,

This Act not to a Red any of the City’s present Creditors.

Prisoners may be temoved.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Public Act.]

A

C. 48. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

to the said Clerks and Officers respectively for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices as they shall think reasonable; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever concerned or to be concerned in the Receipt of the Money by this Act appropriated to the Uses aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any of the said Office or Offices, shall be bound with sufficient Sureties to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for the just: and faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, in such reasonable Sum or Sums as by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or by any Committee to be appointed by them as aforesaid, shall be thought fitting, having regard to the Trust reposed or to be reposed in such Officer or Officers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer or Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the said Monies, divert or misapply the same, or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then such Chamberlain, or other Officer or Person aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied; which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by any of the Creditors of the said City claiming under or by virtue of the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, or by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any of them, who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other Use than as aforesaid, by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London for the Time being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person, by Co-Ljur of any Warrant or Authority by, from, or under them, then and in such Case the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall be answerable for the same, out of the Revenues of the said Corporation, in any Action to be brought by any of the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; which said Sum so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the same Sums (if not misapplied) should or might have been, excepting the Costs of Suit, which shall be to and for the Benefit of him, her, or them to filing.’

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Amerciaments, Fines, Issues, or Distresses,

against the said Corporation of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, had, charged, or levied, in or upon account of such Suits or Actions brought, shall be applied to the Uses aforesaid, and to no other Use whatsoever; nor shall the same be pardoned, acquitted, or discharged, by any Letters of Signet, Privy Seal of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or otherwise howsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in the annual Account, in and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, directed to be by the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being laid before each House of Parliament, as by the last mentioned Act is directed, shall be included an Account of the pftburfements of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, or of so much thereof as shall have then been raised and borrowed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bond, Note, Contraft, Agreement, Alignment, Entry, Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be executed, made, or given, shall be charged or chargeable, or subject or liable to any Duty whatsoever.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lessen or affect the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens further or otherwise than is herein expressly directed and enacted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Sheriffs of the City of London and the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex respectively are and is hereby authorised and empowered to remove to, keep, and detain in the new Gaol of Newgate, although the Whole of the said Gaol shall not be then completed, all or any of the Prisoners committed or hereafter to be committed to the County Gaol of the said City and County; and that the Removal of all or any of such Prisoners shall not be deemed or construed to be an Escape in the said Sheriffs of the said City or in the Sheriff of the said County 5 any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall belaid or brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fast done, and shall be laid or brought in the said City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: A nd if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other City, County, or Place, than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Party shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 49. 251

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund commonly called she Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of opening Communications between Wapping-street and P at cliff-highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Vir-giniaf.rect, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping% in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament for opening Communications between Wapping-street and Ratcliff-highway, and between Old Gravel-lane tfrtovirginia-street; and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and alfs certain other Streets and public Passages and Places within the Purifies of Saint George and Saint John a/Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; whereby the Commissioners thereby appointed are directed to do and perform certain Works which will be attended with 4 a considerable Expence: And whereas an Act of Parliament was made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, whereby a Fund was established for the Purposes therein mentioned; which said Fund, and the Receipts and Disbursements thereof, are under the Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London: And whereas by certaitT Acts of Parliament, made in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, or by some of them, the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have been continued and augmented; and by the said Acts, and also by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, several further Sums of Money have been charged thereon for defraying the Expences of several public Works within the Cities of London and Westminster, and elsewhere: And whereas it appears that the Produce of the said Duties, and other Securities granted and made chargeable for the Support of the said Fund, will be more than sufficient to answer and satisfy the several Sums of Money charged thereon by the said recited Acts of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Oueen Mary, and of the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and of this Session of Parliament, and it is reasonable that the Parishioners of the said Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, who contribute to- wards the said Duties, should receive some Benefit therefrom may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, yearly and every Year, to pay or cause to be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, the Annuity or yearly Sum of forty-five Pounds, by equal half-yearly Payments; that is to say, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year and one Year’s Payment of the said Annuity shall be made on the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That for securing the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum to the said Commissioners in Manner above mentioned, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, on or before tht twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, at the Expence of the Treasurer for the Time being of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament (which shall be allowed to him in his Accounts), make and execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, ten Bonds for securing one hundred Pounds each; and the said Mayor and Commonalty anti Citizens shall in each of the said Bonds be bound in the penal Sum of two hundred Pounds for securing the Payment of one hundred Pounds to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, or to Matter William Montague his present Chief Clerk; which said Bonds shall be made with Conditions to be void on Payment of the respective Annuities to be thereby secured, or on Redemption of such Annuities on the Terms and in the Manner herein after expressed; and the said Chamberlain and his Chief Clerk shall, and are hereby respectively required forthwith to assign, by Indorsement, such Bonds as shall be fomade to them respectively, and to deliver the same to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bonds, so to be executed, indorsed, and delivered to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, shall be numbered in arithmetical Progression, and the same shall and may be fold and disposed of by such Treasurer to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct; and the Monies arising by such Sale, and the Annuities to arise in the mean Time from such Bonds, shall be applied, in the first Place, in paying the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder in opening Communications between IVapfing-street and Ratcliff highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Virginia-street, in the said Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of I Hipping, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Holder or Holders of such Bonds respectively may, on Nonpayment of the Annuities thereby secured, commence and prosecute any Action or Actions upon any such Bonds, and recover thereupon from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London*

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Annuities shall from Time to Time (until the Whole shall be redeemed) be redeemable by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, either wholly or in Part, in such Order as they shall think proper, upon six Calendar Months Notice for that Purpose to be first published in the London Gazette', at the Expiration of which Time the Proprietors of such Annuity or Annuities shall (upon delivering up to the Chamberlain the said City of London for the

Time

Preamble., Recital ‘of 17 Geo. III. Cap. ,.;

and Afl 5 S GuL, & Mil.

City of LorrdcJ* to pay 45 1. per Annum ro the Treasurer of the Commissioners under the first lecited AO.

Bonds to be given for securing the Payment of the Annuity,

and delivered te the Treasurer.

Bonds to be numbered, and may be sold.

implication of the Money a ifing by such Sale.

Holders of Bonds may bring Atlions thereon.

A nnuirir: to be redeemable determined by the City on f»>e Months Notice.

252

Orphans Fund charged with the Annuities*

[Public Act.]

[Preamble.]

Ad 5 and 6 Co). A Mar. accited.

City of London to pay an Annu« ity of 67 1. 10 s. to the Commissionert 1

and for that Purpose to issue Bonds under their Common Seal.

VaWe and Condition cl the Bonds.

C. 50. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Time being, at his Office in the Guildhall in the said City, any Bond or Bonds so given) be intitled to receive from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens the Sum of one hundred rounds, for and in full Satisfaction and Redemption of every four Pounds and ten Shillings of such Annuities; and every such Sum of four Pounds and ten Shillings of such Annuity or Annuities in respect whereof such Notice shall be givcu shall, from and after the End of the said six Months, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless the same Sum of one hundred Pounds shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and by the said Acts of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in Part further continued and augmented, shall be, and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable under or by virtue of this Act; subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Interest on the principal Debt remaining due on the Credit of the said Fund to the Orphans ?nd other Creditors of the said City, and of the Interest on the principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds by the said Act of the seventh Year of his prelrnt Majesty charged upon the said Fund, and also the Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed to be borrowed and raised upon the Credit thereof by the said last mentioned Act, according to the true Meaning of the same; and the same Fund shall be, and is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Payment also to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall advance and pay in Redemption of the said Annuities, or any of them, in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. L.

An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, to arise cut of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fundy for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary% intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, whereby a Fund was established for the Purposes therein mentioned; which said Fund, and the Re- ceiptsand Disbursements thereof, are under the Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London: And whereas by several Acts made in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and this present Session of Parliament, or by some of them, the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have been continued and augmented,

and several further Sums of Money charged thereon, for defraying the Expences of several public Works within the Cities of London and Westminster, and elsewhere: And whereas the three principal Avenues, from The Minorieiy through Goodman's Tardy into Prefcot-Jbeet; and from The Minories, through Sivan- street and Swan-alley, into Manfell-street; and from Whitechapel or Aldgate High-street, through Somerset- Jhreety into Great Manfell-street, in the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint Boto/ph Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex y are great Thoroughfares, and being very narrow, the Passage through the same is dangerous and frequent Delays and Inconveniences are occasioned thereby, and it would therefore be of great public Utility to have the said Avenues widened sufficiently to make the Passage through the same safe and commodious: And whereas it is reasonable that the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, out of the Surpluses to arise from the Fund aforesaid, should be applied towards making the said Openings :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, yearly, and every Year, to pay, or cause to be paid, to John Leman of Northall in the County of Hertford^ John Newnham of Marefcld in the County of Sussex, and Edward Hawkins of Goodman s Fields aforesaid, Esquires, or the Survivoisor Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, one or more Annuity or Annuities, or yearly Sum or Sums of Money, amounting to the yearly Sum of sixty-seven Pounds ten Shillings in the Whole, by equal half-yearly Payments; (that is to f-y) on the twenty-fifth Day of Decemktry and the twenty-fourth Day of June, in every Year and one Year’s Payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That for securing the Tayment of the said respective Annuities to the said John^Leman, John Newnham, and Edward Hawkins, in Manner above mentioned, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens Stall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of Junty one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, at the Expence of them the said John Lemany John Newnham, and Edward Hawkins, make and duly execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, unto the said John Lemony John Newnham, and Edward Haw kins y or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, fifteen Bonds; and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, in every such Bond, become bound to the Chamberlain of the said City, or to his Chief Clerk for the Time Doing, in the penal Sum of two hundred Pounds, for fecuiing the Payment of one hundred Pounds; with Condition, for paying an Annuity, after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Annum, at the Times above mentioned, and that every such Bond shall be void on Redemption of such Annuity, upon the Terms and in the Manner herein after expressed; and the said Chamberlain or his Chief Clerk are hereby required to indorse such Bonds.

6

A.D. 177$. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51.* 353

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bonds, so to be executed and indorsed, and delivered to the said John Leman% John Newnham, and Edward Hawkins^ shall be numbered in arithmetical Progression; and the same shall or may be sold or disposed of; and the Holder or Holders of such Bonds respectively may, on Nonpayment of the Annuities thereby secured, commence and prosecute any Action or Actions upon any such Bonds, and recover thereupon from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and the Monies arising by virtue of the said Bonds shall, in the first Place, be applied in paying and defraying the Cq(Is, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards towards defraying tha Expences of making the said Openings, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Annuities shall, from Time to Time (until the Whole shall be redeemed), be redeemable by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, either wholly or in Part, in such Order as they shall think proper, upon six Calendar Months Notice for that Purpose to be first published in the London Gazette; at the Expiration of which Time the Proprietors of such Annuity or Annuities shall (upon delivering up to the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, at his Office in the Guildhall in the said City, the Bond or Bonds so given for the same) be entitled to receive from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for, and in full Satisfaction and Redemption of, every four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuities; and <very such Sum of four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuity or Annuities, in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, shall, from and after the End of the said six Calendar Months, cease, and be no longer paid or payable, unless the same Sum of one hundred Pounds shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of JCing William and Queen Mary; and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in Part further continued and augmented, shall be, and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable Under or by virtue of this Act; subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice to the Payment of the interest on the Principal Debt remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and of the Interest on the Principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty charged upon the said Fund, and also the Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed to be borrowed and raised upon the Credit thereof by the last mentioned Act, according to the true Meaning of the same Act; and the same Fund shall be, and is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Payment also to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of all such Sum and Sums of Money a? they shall advance and pay in Redemption of the said Annuities, or any of them, in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall expend and advance Money for paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be in titled to, and shall receive Entered for the same, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the Money so expended and advanced shall be repaid, out of the said one thousand five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LI.

An Act for applying the Sum of four thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fundy towards completing the paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey.

Bonds to be numbered, and may be sold.

Application of the Money' arising from Sale thereof.

Annuities to be redeemable by the City on six Months Notice.

t

The Orphans Fund charged with the Payment of the Annuities.

Persons advancing Money to pay Expencei of this Act, to be allowed Interest for the same.

[Public Act.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of South wark, and certain Parts adjacent; and for cltanfing, lightings and watching the same; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein: And whereas an Act was made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and tther Creditors of the City of London, whereby a Fund was established for the Purposes therein mentioned; which Fund, and the Receipts and Disbursements thereof, are under the Management and Di-

rection of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London: And whereas by several Acts made in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and this present Session of Parliament, or by some of them, the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have been continued and augmented, and several further Sums of Money charged thereon, for defraying the

Expences of several public Works within the Cities of London and Westminster, and elsewhere: And whereas great Progress has been made in paving the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent; but the Commissioners for executing the Act have not been able to complete the lame, owing to the Extent of the Works, and the Insufficiency of the Monies applicable thereto: And whereas it is reasonable that the Sum of four thousand Pounds, out of the Surpluses of the said Fund, should be applied towards the completing the paving of the said Town and Borough, and Parts adjacent :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, yearly and every

[Preamble.]

R-ciral of 6 Geo. III.;

end A(\ 5 tr 5 Gol. & Mar.

Cry of London to pay A :inu-itv ct i to I. to

the Comm if-

254

C. 51.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

fiofien undir thr first icuted

Aft:

and fot that

Parptde to issue Bonds under their Caramon Sea).

Value and Condition of the Bondi*

BoedtHhe

numbered, and ftf nable by

arof nafcfc AwV.rfrianefii

Application of Jlloney arising from the Bond?.

Anauitiei to be redeemable by the City on fix Moatlu Notice*

The Orphan* Fund charged with tire Payment of the AMiitKt*

Interest of 4l. Bos. per Cent, to be allowed for Money advanced to pay the Expence of this Act.

Year, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, one or more Annuity or Annuities, or yearly Sum or Sums of Money, amounting to the yearly Sum of one hundred and eighty Pounds in the Whole, by equal half-yearly Payments; (that is to say) on the twenty-fifth Day of December* and the twenty-fourth Day of June* in every Year and one Year’s Payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight 5 two third Parts of which Annuity or Annuities shall be applied to the Use of the Western Division, and the other third Part to the Use of the Eastern Division, as described in the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for securing the Payment of the said respective Annuities to the said Commissioners, in Manner above mentioned, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, at the Expence of the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, make and duly execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, unto such Treasurer, forty Bonds; and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, in every such Bond, become bound to the Chamberlain of the said City, or to his chief Clerk for the Time being, in the penal Sum of two hundred Pounds, for securing the Payment of one hundred Pounds; with Condition, for paying an Annuity, after the Rate of four rounds ten Shillings ter Annum, at the Times above mentioned; and that every such Bond shall be void on Redemption of such Annuity, upon the Terms and in the Manner herein after expressed; and the said Chamberlain, or his chief Clerk, are hereby required to indorse such Bonds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bonds so to be executed and indorsed, and delivered to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, shall be numbered in arithmetical Progression; and the said Bonds shall be respectively assignable, by the Treasurer for the Time being to the uid Commissioners (notwithstanding his Name may not be mentioned therein), by proper Words to be written or indorsed thereon, and may be sold or disposed of, provided such Assignments, Sale, and Dispofuion, be respectively made by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to be testi-Bed by Writing tinder their Hands and Seals; and the said Bonds, and all Assignments and Sales thereof which shall be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatso-tver; and the respective Assignees of any such Bonds, their respective Executors and Administrators, may, on Nonpayment of the Annuities thereby secured, commence fend prosecute any Action or Actions upon any such Bonds, and recover thereupon from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and the Monies arising by virtue of the said Bonds shall, in the first Place, be applied by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and parting this Act, and afterwards towards defraying the Expence of carrying the said Act of the sixth Year or his present Majesty's Reign into Execution, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Annuities shall, from Time to Time (until the Whole shall be redeemed) be redeemable by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, either wholly or in Part (in such Order as they shall think proper), upon six Calendar Months Notice for that Purpose to be first published in the London Gazette; at the Expiration of which Time the Proprietors of such Annuity or Annuities shall (upon delivering up to the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, at his Office in the Guildhall in the said City, the Bond or Bonds so given for the same) be entitled to receive from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens the Sum of one hundred Pounds-for, and in full Satisfaction and Redemption of, every four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuities; and every such Sum of four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuity or Annuities, in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, shall, from and after the End of the said six Calendar Months, cease, and be no longer paid, or payable, unless the same Sum of one hundred Pounds shall be demanded, pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary; and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in Part further continued and augmented, shall be, and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable under or by virtue of this Act; subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Interest on the Principal Debt remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and of the Interest on the Principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty charged upon the said Fund, and also the Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed to be borrowed and raised upon the Credit thereof by the last mentioned Act, according to the ttue Meaning of the same Act; and the same Fund shall be, and is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Payment also to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, of all such Sum and Sums of Money as they mail advance and pay ip Redemption of the said Annuities, or any of them, in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall expend and advance Money for paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, shall be entitled to, and shall receive, Interest for the same, at the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum* until the Money (a expended and advanced shall be repaid out of the said four thousand Pounds.

---

[Publick Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 255

CAP. LII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Persons, by Lodes and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can (and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by Sea or Land), yet are they detained in Prison by their Creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such unhappy Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of public Compassion, and, by several Acts of Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned; for the Relief, therefore, of Insolvent Prisoners and Fugitives, who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act, to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover upon Oath, and deliver up and assign all their Effects and Estates whatsoever, for the Benefit of their Creditors, and to prevent, as far as possible, the many Frauds and Abuses, which, in a great Measure, have obstructed the good Ends of such Acts; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Alphabetical Lists to be made out of Prisoners in Custody for Debt on Jan 28, 1778, or since that Date;]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect List, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, who, upon the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, was or were, or at any Time since have been, under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the Time of making out every such List shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise;

[with the Time when charged, and at whose suit.]

and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained;

[Lists to be delivered to the Quarter Sessions.]

and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively.

[Warden of the Fleet, &c. to take an Oath on delivering in Lists.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath, in the open Court of such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to say)

[The Oath.]

---

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the first Part of the List by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of [insert the Name of the Prison], at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also, that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said List now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, been committed or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of [insert the Name of the Gaol or Prison],

at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except such Person or Persons who is or are irt such List particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison, by rrocefs of Law, since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and also except such Person or Persons who is or are in such List particularly mentioned and described to have been permitted to have gone out of the said Prison, by Day-rules of the Court of [Common Pleas, or King’s Bench, as the Case shall be] since the said twenty- eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to transact their Affairs; and also except such Person or Persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and described to have, upon the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or since, been in the Rules of the said Prison of the [Fleet or King’s Bench, as the Case shall be], by Leave of the [Warden or Marshal of the said Prison, as the Case shall be]; and have, to the best of my Knowlege and Belief, really and truly, ever since, continued and remained in actual Custody in the said Prison of the [Fleet, or King’s Bench, as the Case shall be], or the Liberties thereof, at the Suit or Suits of the several persons in the said List respectively mentioned; [and if any Prisoner or Prisoners hath or have,

since the said tw< nty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, escaped out of either of the said Prisons, then insert], except jjnfe.ri ^:e Name or Names of the Prisoner or Prisoners who have escaped], who, without my Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, hath or have escaped out of the said Prison of and that the said List is a true, exact, perfect, and

just List of all such Persons who were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and who, since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, Prisoner

Oath* to be administ^red by the Justices in Court,

and entered and subscribed a* The Brt<oin of the Lists.

Lift* to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace*

Three Cop*es of Lists to be fixtd upineach Piifan, &c.

---

256 C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

"or Prisoners, in annual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of ________ or the Liberties thereof; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation, to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered themselves, or been committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have resided out of the said Prison of ________ or the Rules thereof [but if any have so done, add, except ________, naming such by Name]."

[All other Gaolers, on delivering in their Lists, to take the following Oath.]

And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Prisons, in any County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List respectively, take an Oath, in the open Court of the General Quarter Session or General Session of the County, City, Town, Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such List, and swear to the Effect following; (that is to say)

[Oath.]

---

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and 4 A declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whole Name or Names are inserted or contained in

the first Part of the List by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said List now by me delivered in and subscribed, as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thoti- sand seven hundred and seventy-eight, been committed or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of 4 [if any such Prisoner or Prisoners hath or have, since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, been committed or surrendered to such Gaol or Prison]y 4 at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned, except [if any Exception is necessary] such Persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison by Process of Law, or to have escaped out of such Prison, without my Privity, Knowledge, or Consent, since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that all and every of them, whose Name and Names is and are contained in the first Part of the said List (except as before excepted) to the best of my Knowledge and Be- lief, have really and truly continued in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of

ever since the said twenty-eighth Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and that the said List is a true, exact, perfect, and just List of all such Persons as were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said twenty-

eighth Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and who since the said twenty- eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (except as before excepted) to the best of my Knowledge and Belief; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with Defien, or in Expectation, to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of insolvent Debtors, surrendered or been committed to the said Prison of or got his, her, or their Name or Names entered as Prisoner or Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or, since their Commitment, have to my Knowledge, or with my Privity- resided out of the said Prison of [if any have so done, then add9 except

inserting their Names?]

Which said respective Oaths the said Justices, at the first or second General Quarter Session or General Session aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court: And the Words of the said Oath herein-before directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom, of the List which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and the Words of the Oath to be taken by every such Gaoler or Keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the List which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and.sworn toby them respectively in open Court: And every such List which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such List as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named \ and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors of Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, ten Days at least before the first or second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held, after the passing of this Act, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which any Gaol or Prison shall b°, or to which the same belong, to fix up in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the mod frequented and usual Gate, Door, Or Entrance, into every such Prison, three or more true Copies of the List or List- proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said General Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

IV. And be it further enacted,* That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such List to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with a View or Dr fig n to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her Imprisonment, in such Manner as hereafter is provided.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall have been arrested and in actual Custody of an Officer, for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any Writ or Process, issuing out of any Court of Record, and held to Bail thereon, and which Bail shall be upon Record, on or before the tenth Day of January* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and who shall have, on or before the twelfth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, surrendered him, her, or themselves, in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, and shall thereupon have been committed to Prison, every such Person or Persons shall, upon due Proof of the Premises upon Oath, be discharged from his, her, or their Imprisonment, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually in Prison on the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, subject, nevertheless, to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, herein-before imposed upon Persons actually in Custody on the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and also subject to the same Terms and Conditions relating to the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal Estate, to be (worn to at the first or second General Quarter Section next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices, at the first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof to be held, as the Case shall happen to he, next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Bod^ of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copv or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of Cause or causes, such Prisoner shall apply to the said Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other Person who shall make cut and transcribe the same, at least six Days before the Time of his or her Discharge; and such Prisoner shall pay for the same the Sum of two Shillings, and no more, for making out, transcribing, and signing the same; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such Justice or Justices, shall, within ten Days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Justices, with whom the same shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspe<EK*J, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit, for the Space of ten Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Per.ce, Town Clerk, or other Officer a&irg as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same dull have been so left, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be disch-itged under this Aff, as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three several London Gazettes* previous to such General Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gaol in London, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London, or the weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper, which shall be published, in or near the County, Riding, Division. City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or flic shall be so in Custody; containing the Name, Trade, and Occupation, and two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act; and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper, to be the first, second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; and for the insciting of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there

257

Persons inserted in the Lists biing Prisonert, without a fraudulent Intention on Jan. 28, 17

an J conforming to this Act, shall be discharged.

Persons aritfted* for Debt, and h-rld to Bail, on or before Jan.

10, 1778, surrendering thorn-fclvei cn or before feb. it, >778,

and conforming to «hii AO, shall be discharged.

Justices, on Petition of any Prisoner, and his delivering a S' hedule of hit Estate,

may ifTiC their Warrant for bringing him tQ-the (Quarter Sessions, Arc.

with the Warrant of his Detainer, &c.

Schedule of the Prisontr’s Estate to be transmitted to the Cleric of the Peace, for Inspection of Creditors.

Any Justice-omitting for ten Days to trans nit ✓ a Copy of the Schedule to the Clerk of the Peace, Arc. shall forfeit 101.

Prisoners intending to petition for their Discharge, are to jrive previous Notice thrice in the Gazette, Arc.

Content* of tht

Notice.

ad. to be pdd

eai h Tirre for inferring Notices. T

258 C. 52. Anno decimo cxftavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

When Notice* to bciaferitd.

Printer of Cite'te to ke^p an Iphabcticai dec.

Every Debtor to deliver a Schedule of hi*

Ertate to the Gaoler, and to declare the same in his first Notice, dec.

On Neglect

thereof, to be remanded back to Prison.

Gaoler to attest the PrilWr*

5 ignature to his Schedule, and |ive him a Duplicate thereof; and also to give a Opy to any Creditor who request* it.

feaoler, dec. on Neglect, to forfeit 101,

Form of Prisoner's Notice.

shall be paid, each Time, by every such Prisoner, twopence, and no more: The first of which said Notices shall be so inferred in the said Gazette, or in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, twenty* one Days at Jeaft, and the lad of the said Notices six Days at lead, before any such first or second General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged jthe said Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, or in mesne Process,’ or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof 5 and the Printer of such Gazette is hereby required to keep a Book, and enter therein an alphabetical List of the Names of Prisoners advertising and intending to take the Benefit of this Act, and the Names of the different Prisons in which they are confined.

X. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient Time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors/ be it further enacted, That every such Debtor,"when he or she shall (according to the Directions of this Act) publish the first Notice of an Intention to petition for his or her Discharge, he or she shall, in such Notice, declare, that thp Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal Estate jto be sworn to in Manner as by this Act directed) is lodged in the Hands of the Gaoler or Keeper or the Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison wherein any such Prisoner shall be confined; and every such Prisoner is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, ot Deputy, as the Case may be, before he shall publish such first Notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy; and in case any Prisoner shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, prior to such his first Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due Proof made of such Neglect to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Prisoner shall make Application for his Discharge, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid: And every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Prisoner’s Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Prisoner, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further re* quired to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose, in Writing; such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within three Days after Demand made, of Payment for each Schedule after the Rate of Sixpence per Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words; and in case such Creditor shall only search or examine such Schedule, then such Creditors shall pay for every such Search and Examination the Sum of one Shilling: And if any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for and recover the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Prisoner, in Manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following j viz.

T [inftrt the Name* Trade, Occupation, and two last Placet of Abode, if so many ]

A now confined in [insert the Name of the Prison and County J, do hereby give this

public Notice, being Tinfert the First, Second, or Third, as the Case mas bef\ that i do intend to take the Benefit of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the Relief of Infohent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases) 5 [and if it be the first Notice, then add] and I do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my real and personal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same, in Manner aforesaid, to the Gaoler or Keeper, or his Deputy, of 4 [insert the Name of the Prison wherein such Prisoner shall be confined, and the County in which it is situate ;]

Notice to bt signed by the PriUyicr, tec, Prisoner being brought into Court, and Publication of Notice* proved, tec.

to deliver in a ’eduleof

'ip.

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Prisoner, and counter-signed by the Gaoler or Keeper, or Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison wherein such Prisoner shall be confined.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be brought to the General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and Newspapers before mentioned to the said Justices, at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers, were required, in Manner as herein-before is directed, and that the Person or Persons so petitioning was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or since, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the List of Prisoners there delivered in at any such first or second Section, or any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall, in open Court, at the said General Quarter Session, or General Session,-or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy; and alsoof the Whole of his or her personal Estate, which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trurt for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, pr intitled to, or was or were in his or her Possession, at any Time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectc’vely live, or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how \ same respectively became due, and are secured 5 and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contraft, Note, or other then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 259

such Debts or Contract (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the Effc& following; (that is to say)

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and de- Prisoner*! Oath 4 A dare. That on the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, I ^,lhT*J1?810 4 was a Prisoner, or else [as the Case may be] that since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thou- " 5c

sand seven hundred and seventy-eight, I have surrendered, or have been committed to the Prison of in Discharge of my Bail, or for Want of Bail [as the Case shall be]; and that I

was actually arrested, and in the Custody of an Officer, before the said twenty-eighth Day o{January

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, in the Ailion or Suit, Actions or Suits, inwhichlfur- rendered, or was committed as aforesaid, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I

have, ever since my said Surrender or Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison of or within the Liber-

ties thereof, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever 5 and

that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the belt of my Knowledge, Re- membrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effeils,

and Estates, real and personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I, or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, are seised or possessed of, interested in, or intitled to, or was or were in my Possession at any Time since my Commitment to Prison; and of all Debts as are to mi owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contrails whereby any Money now is, or will of may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my life, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names'

and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contrails [if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate real- or personal, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and>

necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of twenty Pounds; and that I have not,

nor any Body for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities,.

Contracts, or Estate, real or personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit 01 4 Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in anywise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Prisoner, subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in open Session of the Peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officerailing as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, City, Liberty, Division, Town, or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Prisoner who shall desire, or may have Occasion, ta resort thereto; and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner, are hereby authorised to cause the Deputy Warden and Marftial of the Fleet and Kings Bench Prison, and any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Gaol or Prison, and any other Person, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any of thfc Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof? and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Prisoner or Prisoners shall not be disapproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them, present at any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by any such respective Prisoner, Then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, command the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers* or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other thin one Shilling for his or their Attendance with ev.vy such Prisoner at such General Quarter Session, or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their Discharge; (and which every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or Prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such Order :) And every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons,s and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, offoeh Prisoner, of in, and unto, all the real Estate, as-well Freehold and Copy as Customary hold, and to all the personal Estate, Debts, and Effects, of every such Prisoner, shall, immediately after the Discharge of any such Prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vetted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty, or Place, where any such Prisoner shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby diiecfled and xccyiircckto make an Alignment and Conveyance of every such Prisoner’s Estate and Effeils, vested in such

Schedule «od‘ Oath to be fub— fieri bed in the Court, and lodged with the-Clerk for the Examination of Creditor*.

Court, at the Retueftof a Cred for, may examine Gaoler*. &c. on Oath. The Prisoner*. Oath out being, disproved, the Court is to difa charge him.

on his paying Fee of 1 a, to the Gaoler$.

who shall be in* damnified for the Escape*

Eflete and Ef*-felts of the Prisoner, upose his Di.'charge, to-beve&d in the Clerk of The Pra^e,

v.*bo is ro make ever the same to the Assignees named by the

Court; ,

9'

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

260

C. 52.

A.D. 1778.

so* wMch he shall be paid 2 1.

Aligned empowered Co sue.

or execute any Trtft or Power for 1 he Pr. Toner, &c.

Assignee* to get in the Effifts 0/ the Pri Toner, and Tell the same j and to Tell, within two Months, the* Prisoner’s real EiUte, 8tc.

and make a Dividend within three Monthsj first making up their Accounts, and verifying them upon Oath,

Thirty Days Kotice to be given of making a Dividend j and none to receive any Share until they have ' proved their Debts.

Debts claimed to be examined into and determined by the Court.

Surplus of the Pritcner’s Estate to be paid to him, &c. Creditors not to fuiTer from any Omission in the Schedule of Prisoner's Estate.

[Proviso.]

On Death or Removal of any Clerk, of the Peace, &c. Pri-fonrrs EOares to bec< me veflef in their SuecellWs.

Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, of other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Prisoner, as the Justices at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct (which Assignment and Conveyance shall be gnod and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes Whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment w Paper fhmped); and to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the lame shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the E(late and Interest the Prisoner had therein; and for the preparing, ingroll ng, and executing of which Assignment and Conveyance, no Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall take any greater Fee than two Shillings; and every such Assignment ami Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the Rest of the Creditors of such Prisoner, in Respect or in Proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any stich Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Nanves, for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner, and also to execute any Tiuft or Power vested in, or created for the Use or Benefit of, any such Prisoner, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the Rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner; and to give Discharge and Discharges to any Debtor or Debtors of any such Prisoner* as shall be requisite: And evtry such Assignee or Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner; and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Prisoner vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if any such Prisoner shall be interested in, or entitled to, any real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, or Ex-pedlancy, the same, within the Space of two Months after every such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by public AudHon* in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Prisoner who shall assemble together, on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gaxetiu or in some Daily Paper, if the Prisoner before his going to Gaol refuied in London, or in the weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, 4n which such Prisoner dwelt before he or she was committed to Gaol, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, or their Hands, agree on: And every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of three Months at farthest from the Time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair Dividend' of all such Prisoner’s Estate and Etfiedls which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in Regard to each Creditor’s respective Debts; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Prisoner’s Estate, and make Oath in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Prisoner shall have been discharged, that every (ueb Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and-of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly, and bona fide, made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is herein-before directed to be published, thirty Days at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Shate of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective Debt by Oath, or due Proof in Writing, before some such Justice or Justices: And if any Creditor of such Prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or E airneis of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so distatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner shall have been discharged, at their next General Quarter Session, and what they shall there determine in the Premises shall be conclusive to all Parties: And if, after Payment of all such Prisoner’s Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors or Administrators.

XV. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omission in the Schedule not containing the Wholfc of the Estate, real or personal, belonging to any Prisoner who shall apply for his or her Discharge, under the Authority of this Act ;* be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether real or personal, which shall belong to any Prisoner or Prisoners, and of which he, she, or they, shall be actually possessed at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like Manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which the Insolvent neve/ received any valuable Consideration, shall be intitled to receive any Benefit from his Estate.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thru in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peirce, Town Clerk, or ""other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, in \vhom the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, or Trust, of any Prisoner or Prisoners shall ITave vested by the Authority of this Act; every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace* Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace* as aforesaid, respectively, as the Case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provisions of this Act.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo-oftaro Georgii III. c. 52. 261

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects, without the Content of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the London Gazette for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Cleric of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Daytime, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person. so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule, paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble in searching for, and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party or Parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: And that a true Copy of every such Schedule, ligned by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on stamped Paper, and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet (each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for a less Number of Words), shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same: And if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor" or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid, in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ask or take more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% by Action of Debt, together with treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall profectite for the same: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecuted for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any of or Customary Estate, as aforesaid, hq or they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the ,/aid Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees Tenant to such of or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Prisoner had therein at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services, payable and to be rendered in respectc of the said of or Customary Premises.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive, which may be expectant upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fugitive, hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person or Persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprited in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple, Statute-merchant, Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or real Estate, of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the personal Estate of every such Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manqer as such Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the real or personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be in titled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, are 4 f iled and poflHTcd of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Term of

N*»SirittnFquitjr to b" com-

rrenced, but br

Cpntcn* of M*. joriry in Value of Cted t'TS. Clerk of the Peace to exh'bit to the Cr-ditor, or l.is Attorney, on payment of I t. the V hedute of any Prisoner* I Rate l

Attested Cory whereof to be atrrnc.i legal Evidence.

Clerk of the Peace refusing to produce such Scnedde, or t* deliver a Copy thereof, &c.

shall forfeit 10U and Treble Costs j

One Moiety to the Prosecutor, and the other the Poor of the Panrti.

Assigneei of of or Caf-tomaty Estate* to compound with the Lord of the Manor, and to be admitted Tenant* thereupon.

The Prisoner* Right and Interest, &*e. only to be afte:led by this Act.

All Mortgage*, &:c. to take place preferable to Chirm of as inferior Nature,

262

Powers irv~ Prisoners of leafing Lands, dec. verted in Af« Cgnsei.

The a£Ung Gaoler, at the Time of delivering the nly liable to be fworo.

Court, on Requisition of a Creditor, to administer an Oath to the Gaoler.

The Oath*

ft such Person dull not have been Gaoler on J.an.a8, 1778, then he shall take the f«l» tewing

Oath*

tVxJrt, at the

He jueft of a Creditor, may fumrron tr e Person who afled as Gaoler on Jin. 2a, 1778, or since, and examine him, on Oath, Ac,

Sheriff*or Gaoler, difo-beying Order of Court, to forfeit 100). with Treble Cotta*

C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such.

Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years deter- minable upon Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or all be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the real and personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditor^ of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know any Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers or Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons be it therefore enacted, That, in every such Case, the Person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time of the delivering in the Lids, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or Prison, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper himself), shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be ta^en by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such Gaol or Prison.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or fcer Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to. the following Effect; (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison*

A of to the beil of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the twenty-eighth Day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such'

Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person whatsoever, to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief.

- 4 So help me GOD.*

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, on the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or since, shall not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time any such List as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such St flion, or at any Adjournment thereof, mav and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons, who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and deliver in any such List as aforesaid, at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison, to the Eltld following; (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com- A mitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Case shall beJ; and that I 00 verily believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fidicious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that, was, on the twenty-eighth

Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons, to my Knowledge and 4 Belief.

So help me GOD.*

XXVI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol Bocks/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Prison within their respedrive Jurisdiction*., on the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prftcner, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think nt: And if any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such Justices. at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose; or if any Gaoler or Keeper attending, shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall be reasonably required at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof* he* £he, or they,

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georg ji III.

C. 5

263

Debtor? who were beyond th5 Sets on [an.

28, 1778, fur. rendering ihem-f^Ues. may nl($ the Benefit of this Act,

upon the same Terms as other Prisoners j

except in certain Particular!.

they, so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be recovered, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of the Party injured, determined by Adrien of Debt, to be brought in his or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> together with treble Cods of Suit.

XXVII. And whereas a great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufadlu-es 4 of this Kingdom, and also many hble Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to farisfy the Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the A'liferics of a Gaol, hate chose to leave their Employ ments and native Country, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas their Con:i- nuance Abroad mud be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom ;’ in order therefore to induce aYid enable such Persons to return, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Debtor and Debtors, who was or were actually beyond the Seas, in foreign Parts, on the tenth Day of A larch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and did not go into such foreign Parts with the View or Intent to gain or have the Benefit of an Insolvent Debtors Adh, who shall return and surrender himself or themselves, within fourteen Days next immediately after his or their landing in Rutland, unto the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of the Prisons of the Kings Bench, Marshilfc:, or Fleet, or to the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison or Prisons of such County, City, Town, Riding,

Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Debtor or Debtors last dwelt, for the Space of six Months (which said Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, is and are hereby required and empowered to receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors, surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their Discharge, as herein after mentioned), and who, from and immediately after such Surrender, do continue in actual Custody of such Gaoler and Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, until the Time of his Discharge,^ shall be deemed a Prisoner or Prisoners within, and be, to all Intents and Purposes, inti tied to, the Benefit of this Act; and shall, upon due Proof of the said Premises, by the Oath of such Debtor or Debtors (not disproved by any credible Witness), be discharged in the same Manner as if he, she, or they, had been actually in Prison on the said twenty-eighth Day o {January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, herein-before imposed upon the said Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and also fub-jccl to the Terms and Provisions relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, as aforesaid; excepting only such Particular thereof as require the Name of a Prisoner to be inserted in the Gaoler’s or Keeper’s List, as aforesaid, as relate to the Oaths of such Gaoler or Keeper herein-before appointed to be taken; which Particulars cannot possibly be applied to the Case of Persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by Prisoners in Custody upon the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; instead whereof, the Person or Persons so surrendering shall take an Oath, in open Court, at some General or Quarter Section of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, in the Prison of which any such Fugitive or Debtor shall be held, after the Surrender of any such Fugitive or Debtor, to the Effect following; which the said Justices, authorised to put this Act »n Execution, are hereby required and empowered to administer in such Manner as the Oaths herein-before mentioned are to be administered.

Ijf. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, protest, and de- Fugitive* Oath* clare, Thit I was actually, on the tenth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, beyond the Seas in foreign Parts, videlicet, at and that I did, within four-

teen Days next immediately after my landing, surrender myself to the Custody of the Keeper of

[as the Case may be]; and that I have ever since such my Surrender continued a Prisoner in hT Custody; and that the Schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the belt of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery, of all the real Estate, Goods, Effects, and other personal Estate, in rnvwife belonging to me; and also of all such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securitiei and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any Persons in Trust for me, is or are seised of any real Estate, in Poll'eHion,

Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, or of any personal Estate of any Kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; except my Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, my working Tools, and necessary Implements fer my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding in the Whole the Value of twenty Pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, sold, Icftencd, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any' Part of my real Estate, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts,

Securities, Contracts, or personal Estate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, so as to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom to myself or Family, or with any View, Intent, or Design, to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am indebted in anywise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective Debts.

So help me GOD.*

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Fugitive intending to surrender to the Terms of Fugitives *r-

this Act, shall, within the Space before mentioned of fourteen Days, be an cited in any Suit or Action, retted, intending

which Cause of Action accrued before the said tenth Day of March* one thousand seven hundred and to surrender, in.

u m titled to the Be-

1 seventy- acfitofthii Aft#

264

Any Commitson or Warrant Officer, who shall surrender himself, as is herein diretfed for Fugitive Debtors, before June 26, 17-8, shall be intuled to the Benefit of this Act,

Perfimi beyond the Seas on Account of Annuities granted before Jan. 28, 1778, who shall for render themselves as Fugitive Debtors, &c. shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act.

Exception.

Future Estates of such Debtors to be liable to Payment of Annuities. Gaoler, or Printer of the Gazette, &c, not complying with the Regulations of this Atf, to forfeit 100 1. for each Offence, whh 'iicblc Colls.

C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

seventy-eight, such Fugitive giving Notice (as before directed) to any Justice of the Peace at the next General Quarter Session or General Session; and, in all other Respects, complying with the Terms and Conditions of this Act, shall be intitled to the Benefit of the same; and every Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer, Gaoler, or Keeper of a Prison, in whose Custody such Fugitive shall be detained, shall conform him or themselves to the Directions of this A Cf, in like Manner as before mentioned.

XXIX. And whereas a great Number of Commission and Warrant Officers, in his Majesty's Sea and Land Service, who, through unavoidable Misfortunes, have involved themselves in Debt, are now unable, though willing, to serve their King and Country, because, to avoid the Disgrace and Shame of a Prison, they have taken Shelter in privileged Places, and cannot come forth without Danger of being immediately arrested, or have been thrown into Prison, without Hopes of being released by any Discharge of their Debts, and are therefore become useless and a heavy Burthen, instead of being serviceable to the State: And whereas many of them are not under the Description of those Persons who can take Benefit by the Provisions of this Act, without some Extension thereof, yet are very proper Objects of such Relief as is hereby intended to be given be it therefore enacted, That all and every Commission or Warrant Officer or Officers, in his Majesty's Sea or Land Service, now upon the full or half-pay List, who shall, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, surrender himself or themselves to the Gaoler or Keeper of any of his Majesty's Prisons, in such Manner as is herein directed for Fugitive Debtors returning from foreign Parts, who mean to claim the Benefit of this Act, and who shall, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all Respects to the like Terms and Conditions prescribed to such Fugitive Debtors (except as to so much of the Oath required to be taken by them, as declares that such Debtors were in foreign Parts on a certain Day, and did surrender within fourteen Days after their Return); instead whereof, every such Debtor shall swear, that he did, on or before the twenty-sixth Day ©(June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight [as the Case may be\, surrender himself to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of [infer* the Name of the Prison'], and who shall, in all

other Respects, take the same Oath as every such Fugitive Debtor is required toco, shall be deemed and taken to be a Prisoner or Prisoners within the true Meaning of this Act, and be intitled to the Benefits thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And whereas divers Persons are under a Necessity of residing Abroad, to avoid being thrown into Gaol on account of Annuities by them granted as a Means of raising Money either to themselves, or others for whom they have become Surety, and such Persons cannot have the Benefit of a Discharge by virtue of this Act, in respect of the accruing Payments of such Annuities subsequent to the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who was or were actually beyond the Seas in foreign Parts' to avoid being thrown into Gaol on account of Debts so contracted on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and who shall surrender himself or themselves to the Gaoler or Keeper of any of his Majesty's Prisons, in such Manner as is herein directed for Fugitive Debtors returning from foreign Parts who mean ta claim the Benefit of this Act, and who mail, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all Respects to the like Terms and Conditions prescribed to such Fugitive Debtors, shall, notwithstanding the penal Sum contained in any Bond, Judgment, or other Assurance, whereby such Annuity may have been secured, should be larger than the Sum limited by this Act, be intitled to the Benefits of this Act to all Intents and Purposes; and such Person or Persons, so conforming, shall not afterwards be arrested, or held to Bail, or liable to Imprisonment, on account of the accruing Payment of any Annuity theretofore granted or secured, or in relped of any Bond, Judgment, or other Assurance, made, entered into, or obtained, for securing the Payment of any such Annuity.

XXXI. Provided always, That no Person shall be intitled to be discharged from his Imprisonment, under the Provisions of this Act, where the Annuity secured to any one Creditor shall exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, unless by the Consent of such Creditor.

XXXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt or discharge the future Estate or Effects, real or personal, of any such Debtor or Debtors, as are last herein before mentioned, from being liable to the Payment of such Annuity Debts as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter Session or General Session of the reace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, to any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge, or, shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such List, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison, on the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or since; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such Lists as aforesaid; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect; or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of one Shilling herein before allowed for his or her Attendance in order to be disch.irged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette, or other Newspaper, as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice determined by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Requefk to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than Twopence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner in any such Case injured, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 265

Gaoler conv>&-ed of Perjury, to forfeit 500]. with full Costs, &c.

Application of the Penalty.

Clerk of the Peace refusing a Prisoner a Copy of hit Discharge, or taking exorbitant Fees, shall forfeit 201, to the Prisoner.

shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster> wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison, shall, in taking of the aforementioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury), shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Cods, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EiToin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made, of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties 5 to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within fourteen Days ^fter his or her Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his or her Discharge, on the Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence; or shall take more than the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy; or shall take more than one Shilling for an Alignment or Conveyance of such Prisoner's Estate or Effects; every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be conviiled at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for fevery such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty rounds, as the Justices of the reace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, so offending.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or Prisoner, &c.

any other Person or Persons who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall forfyrear and perjure himself, fontiacdofPer* herself, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully conviiled thereof, ie«ne<|0gutltf he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony. of Felony.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged by person, fm this Act shall* at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for charged by th?» Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Mo- not liable ney, contrailed, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said twenty-eighth Day of J°imprison»ent January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judg- *r c fs* *c# ment, or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such Prisoner’s Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, at the same Time, order the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Suit or Suits, to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she, or they, shall have incurred of such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner’s causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXXVIII. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen, what was to be done’

with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts,

as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts to remedy which, be it there- But no Prisoner fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts * be i-ifcharge* subsequent to the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and if it shall appear to the Justices, in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts previous to the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she Hands charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said i twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Justices, &c. Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any may plead this Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give to any Ac this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against t, CI? V°"ght him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs. -

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Facias, or Action of Debt, Treble Costs. or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, upon any Judgment, obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas as aforesaid, upon the said tenth Day of March) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, it shall be lawful for.

eontra&ed before Jan. %lp 17784

of Debti fuhfe-quest thereto.

Persont discharged may plead generally^, &c. to all Actions or Judgments brought: against them be»

166

fore Jan. iS, *77^ &c»

anc! in other Suits, may v>lead in Ditch arge of 1 b< ir Perlom from Execution.

Plaintiff miy reply generally, &c.

[Treble Costs.]

tut if nonsuited to pay

Arornies or Servants ember* z’ing Money, Arc. excluded the Benefit of this Act.

Person? who, by false Pretence*, have obtained JM'Mkv, Good% Ac excluded the Benefit of this Act.

Any Person having sold or assigned any Part t his LfDtc or KfiedU, after being in Custn- y, wi h ires'gn to del’iaud his Creditor?, fin'll lose the Benefit ct this Act.

Gaoler to p^r-rrit the f^-rak-1 e in private to rrifrnrrs, v I o<e Names ?re in-f’r'rd in the l.id, or Grrrtt’, i<c. and th- ev-atnir i -g ori r.al T-i U< nf En. trie*, &c. cm Penalty of 4^1. vnthCcfis »t bu.t.

C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

[Treble Costs.]

for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit on the twenty-eighth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or was or were beyond the Sens in Foreign Parts on the tenth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and was or v/ere duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time 2nd Place, for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place (as his, her, or their Case is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due before the Lid twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or the tenth Day of A larch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid), that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or the tenth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be in titled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge, by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XLI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend* to release or discharge any Attorney at Lav/, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall Hand charged for any Money* or other E(Feels, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent* or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they, shall (land charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, received or pollc I fed by him, her, or them* for the Use, and on account of his, her, or their Master or Masters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his* her* or their own Uie; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLII. And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, have, by

various fuhtle Stratagems, Cheats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money* Goods*

Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money*

to the great Injury of industrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit;’ be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, determined by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons, Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, B 11s of Exchange* Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices, at any General or Quarter Section of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, susbequent to their being in Custody of Law, or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or AflQnment, has been frequently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honttt Cre- diror, though ft lficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Patty of a fraudulent Design ;* be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witness or Wundies, to the Satis-suction of the Court, to which any Prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain his or her Discharge* that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or effgned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part of his Lfla'e or EfKdts, subsequent to the Time of his Imprisonment, or of his being in Custody of Law* without just Cnute lor so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid; every such Prisoner shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be infilled to his or her Discharge; and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Assignment* is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall, and is hereby required to fufler, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons defirirg the same, to fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prison'TF, whose Names are inserted in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette, or other Newsp2p?rs, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they, are detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the PremitTcs, shall forfeit and pay, to the Person so refuted and aggrieved, the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at WcJhninjUr*. wherein no Essoin, Pro-etMi’-n, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Name? of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLV. And whereas several Persons, who have taken the benefit of Acts of Insolvency, from a Dif- ficufiy of obtaining a new Credit to set themselves up in their usual Trades and Occupations (as their future Effects have been made liable to their Debts previous thereto), have gone Abroad for the better Maintenance

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 267

Maintenance of themselves and Families, carrying the Arts and Manufactures of this Country to our Enemies, or Rivals in Trade: In order to prevent such Evil for the future,’ be it enacted, That the future real Estates, as well Freehold and of, as Customary of, Salaries of Offices under Government Money, or Money in the Funds, or lent upon real Security only, of every such Person or Persons, Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, which, after the Time of his, her, or their total Surrender of his, her, or their Estates and Effets, under such Ats, he, she, or they, shall or may be seised of, in his, her, or their own Right or Use, by Grant, Demil’e, or Purchase, shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors, as before the making of this Act; and any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoner6, Fugitive or Fugitives, may, at any Time hereafter, fuc out Execution, Extents, or other Process, against such real Estate or Money in the Funds as aforesaid, of such Person or Persons, on any Judgment at the Time of such Discharge recovered, or Statute Staple, or Recognizance acknowledged by, or Decree obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, but not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their personal Estate or Efte&s, except Money in the Funds obtained or accrued since such Time of such Discharge, other than as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this Act, may, xat any Time after any such Discharge, commence and prosecute any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, her, or their respective Heirs, pxecutors, or Administrators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due from any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or their said Discharge, but shall not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Person, or personal Estate and Effects, other than as aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive, in Execution, by any Judgment, Sentence, or Decree, which shall have been, or hereafter may be recovered or obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive; and any Judge of the Court, out of which such Execution shall. iflire, shall have Power to discharge the same by virtue of this Act: And in any Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, no Benefit or Advantage shall be had or taken, for that the Cause of Action did not accrue within three Years next before the commencing of any such Action or Suit; nor shall any Statute or Limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which fit all be hereafter commenced by any such Creditor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unlei’s such Cause of Action or Suit did not accrue within three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under this Act; and, in any such Case, the same may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or Fugitive by Force of this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners in Trade with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or engaged in any Contract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contracts, in like Manner as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison or Prisons, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein; or (trail inferr in any List, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody in any such Gaol or Prison upon the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual Custody (except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entries; which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Dill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation, or lad Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or, being called for and deftred, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Prisoner, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any Jjencral or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Add; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers of those Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Selifon of each Riding or Division, the some will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners in those large Counties be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful lor two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties (or any

Prifcrers fn*ur« I.Hairs, or Money in the rurn!?, no: with-Adding their personal Discharge, liable to Crtcitorsj who may foe out Execution, but net against their Persons, or personal Ellecti,

&c.

Creditors m%y sue for ih? Recovery of Debt* due at the Time, of Prisoner'* Discharge, but not luld the Prisoner to spe al Bill, nor take his Person, &c. by any Judgment recovered against him.

No Advantage to be taken of the Cause of Action not accruing within three Yean, &c. Exception.

Discharge of Prisoner no Acquittal to his Partner or aure» ties.

Gaoler making false Entries in Prison Book or List, to forfeit 500 1. with Treble Cvfts,.

Prisoner rrfu-fpg to decla*e the Ahcde, <Vc. of ill? 1 etfon or whole Suit he is detiircH, frr. to 1 e ex< !ud-d the Benefit of this Act.

Justices may af-Ifrnble at or near any County

268

Gaol, tf.d Section ihf.rc for Discharge 0/ i’l'ifoueis.

Th* Justice* for

fhp L'iftridt of Holland in Lincolnshire, may adjourn to the County Gaol, &c. for discharging Prisoners.

Justices for the County of Surrey may assemble at the Town-hall of Southwark for administering Oaths, &c.

Justices of Condon, Middlesex, and Surrey, to assemble their respectire Court* foradm ini ftering Oath*, &c,

and to give thirty Days Notice of fitting to discharge Pri-ioners.

Prisoners who are kept in Custody for Payment of Fee*, lee, to be discharged.

This Act not to extend to Debtors to the Crown j

nor to Prisoners who owe mere than icco 1. to one Person, unless such Crc. ditor consent.

Exception.

Creditors of-per.ng Prisoner’* l.'il charge, to allow him 3 s. 6d, per Vvcck;

C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Section, there, by Adjournment from their respectiv'e Quarter Section, from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

LI. And whereas the Division or DistricEl of Holland in the said County of Lincoln* is distant near forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the Peace aefting for the said Division, to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol, for the sole Purpose of discharging the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given ;* be it therefore enacted, That, for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or District of Holland may adjourn their original Sessions to the County Gaol, or some Place near thereunto; and that it may 2nd shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, adlipg either for the Parts of Lindsey% Kcjhvcn, or Holland, to hold such adjourned Sessions for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners; Notice of the Adjournment of such original Section being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the same relate to or affcdl the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.

LII. And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the Country, and upwards of twenty Miles from any of the said Prison^; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Section of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Section to the Town-hall in the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County wherein any Prisoner or Prisoners are confined, and to the discharging such respective Prisoner or Prisoners confined therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

LIII. And whereas the next General Quarter Section of the Peace for the City of London, and General Quarter Sessions for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, will aot be held until the Middle of July, which will be the Means of detaining in Prison a Number of Persons who, with their Families, are in the greatest Distress be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the City of London and the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after passing this Act, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths, and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper; and every Person or Persons so cleared at such Meeting as aforesaid, shall receive all the Benefits accruing to him by this Act, in the same Manner as if such Business had been done at any General Quarter Section, or General Section of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Justices are hereby required to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, Notice of the Day or Days on which they will fit, for the Discharge of such Prisoners, and other the Purposes directed by this Act (which Notice shall be inferred in the London Gazette thirty Days previous to such Time).

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or other Demands due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking his or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Sdlt Duties, or either of them.

LVI. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, feeicing his or her Discharge under this Act, who shall be charged in Custody by any Body Politic or Corporate, or by any one Person, on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, in any Sum exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds, befiJes Interest and Colls, and whose Discharge shall be in Court opposed by such Body Politic or Corporate, or one Person; (except such Person or Persons who shall have been bound in Security for any other Person or Persons to a larger Amount, and it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court, that such Person or Persons so bound, or giving, or joining in, such Security, hath or have not received, or applied to his, her, or their own proper and separate Use or Benefit, any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money so due and owing as aforesaid; and also except such Person or Persons who now is or are, and was Or were, Prisoner or Prisoners in the actual Custody of any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison in this Kingdom respectively, at the Time of passing the late Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who was or wdre deprived taking or receiving the Benefit of the said Act, arising from their Debt or Debts to any one Creditor exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds as aforesaid; provided such Debt or Debts due to any one Creditor do not exceed the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, besides Interest and Costs): And if any such Body Politic or Corporate, Creditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding one thousand Pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner (except as aforesaid), and shall infill that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol; that then, and in such Case, such Body Politic or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors, of-posing the said Prisoner’s Discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper Costs and Charges, 2 allow

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52* 269

allow and pay, in the Whole- such a Weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding four Shillings nor less than three Shillings and Sixpence fter Week* in such Manner as the said Justices, in their General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; and, upon Nonpayment of the same for the Space of fourteen Days, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in their General or Quarter Session, held as aforesaid, shall be discharged, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LVII. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble ih charged.

attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Dif- Determination charge of Prisoners clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after of Justices to be having been before one oefiion heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be dil- charged / to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Prisoner shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and, that the same may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to state the Objections why such Prisoner's Discharge Is refused by them 5 and, in all Cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session or Adjournment, upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them, by two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer), of each Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at leaf! ten Days previous to such Application, on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inferred in the Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of Opinion the said Prisoner is intitled to the Benefit of this Act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

LVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when any Creditor shall intend to oppose the Discharge of any Debtor with whose Debt he is charged in Custody, at the first Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four Days Notice of his Intention to oppose such Discharge to the Prisoner, or to leave such Notice in Writing with the Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, in order that such Prisoner may be prepared to make his Defence; and in case no such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, previous tb such Quarter Sessions, or such Adjournment thereof, and such Creditor shall appear to oppose his Discharge, and it shall happen that the Prisoner is remanded, then such Creditor shall pay to such Debtor the Expences of his Application and Attendance, in any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Justices at such S Tions shall direct and allow.

LIX. Provided always, That every Fugitive or Fugitives, intitled, or to be intitled, to the Benefit of this Act, shall obtain their respective Discharges on or before the first Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty,' or shall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act.

LX. And whereas it may happen that several Persons, who may claim and be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail,1 in fi*me Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Entail, With the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have, by Law, Power to*

defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or Copy- hold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every fjch Case, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee: Provided the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXI. And whereas many Persons who may take the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealer, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands, of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of Redemption of Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, and other Incumbranrts, or to Reversions, Re- mainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests in Estates, both real and personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule, or Inventory, before directed to be delivered in, upon Oath, as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or Afliftan'ce to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their Discharge, in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Person or Persons shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Person or Persons may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall ftnd for, or call before them, such Person or Persons, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Mean?, as they shall think fit; and, upon such Per foil's appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upm Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things, as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Person or Persons v and if any Person or Persons (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Charges

and on Nonpayment for two Weeks, Prisoner to be dif-

fiual with respect to the Re-ten* ion of any Prisoner^ unlel* the Prisoner get rid of the Objectiorg for which they refused his Dif* chi*g»*-Justices, on Proof by two Witnesses of Objection* boing removed,

£»c. may discharge such Prisoner.

Creditor intending to oppose the Discharge of a Prisoner, to give him four Days Notice thereof, or pay the Expences of hi* Application, Crc».

No Fugitive te-obtain a Discharge after

oa. 1, 1780a.

Persons fcifod ofi an Edate Tail, claim ng the Benefit rfthii Adr. are to deliver j>-the same loCro» dicoM-

Assigne apply foo further Examination otr Prilwner*,touching the Discovery of their Ef— fcfbi

as such Justices shall judge sufficiciuj hall nrgled or refufs to come and appear, not having a lawful Vot. XIII. PairU.' t' ' Mn-'J - E«ufev

and Justices may* fend for and eta-

m nr them accordingly-

PeTfen* rrfufTng. tn appear, or answer upon Oath*

27®

may be committed!

O per Cent, allowed For difeo-vering, within twelve Months, ny Part of a Prisoner’* Estate not comprised in his Schedule.

Discharge obtained fraudulently, void.

Persons concealing any Estate or Effect of the Prisoner, forfeit xool. and Doable Value, with Treble Costs of Suit,

Afijgneet, with Consent of the Majority in Value of the Creditors, may compound for Debts due to the Prisoner’s E-late}

and may submit any Dispute relating thereto to Arbitration.

If Assignee* die before the Effects of the Prisoner* are got in, and their Heirs, &c. refuse to act, other Assignee* to be appointed, and Creditors to obtain a new Afft gnmeat from the t'lerlt of the Peace, which the Justicr* are to direct.

Clerk of the Peace to obey the Order, as if no Assignment had bean made.

C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Excijfe, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects, so veiled, or intended to be veiled, in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall, by such Justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons, who shall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors real or personal Estate, as shall not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the same, by the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner or Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any fu<;h Prisoner was not true; then, and in every such Case, every such Di£* charge shall be void, and of none Effect.

LXIV. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate, real or personal, of any such Prisoner, from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees shall, in pursuance of this Act, be chose of any such Prisoner's Estate, discover and* disclose to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, ferfeif the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also Double the Value of the Estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner 5 to be recovered by Action of Debt, in ny of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assigneep of such Prisoner’s Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall bf chose in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner or Prisoners' Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting, to be held on twenty-one Days public Notice being previously given, for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was 19 Custody in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been in Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors, or Accountants, to such Prisoner or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable Part of gpy such Debt as can, upon such Composition, be gotten in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons for or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, Cause, or Thing relating to such Prisoner or Prisoners' Estate and Effects, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the final End and Determination of Arbiyators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have no Difference; and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference or Dispute between them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree; and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises, in pursuance of this Act.

LXVI. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts, at the Time of his or their Death

Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, refused to act or meddle therein to remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, to chuse a new Assignee or Assignees in Manner and Form as herein before is directed, and to obtain a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the reace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct ,(on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Re-tiifal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to act or meddle therein); and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, are hereby empowered to obey the same, and execute such Assignment accordingly, in Manner and Form as if no former Assignment had ever been made; the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors,

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to act, that then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Assignee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall rem in in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXVII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners as

shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real Creditors/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster^ and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Principality Of Chffler, and the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence any Process Blued upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed; or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, dr of Great Sessions aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the Petiticvn of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of any Inefficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any $ew Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to, such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Parts, to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace. Town Clerk, or other Officer iAing as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them, respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly dated.

LXIX. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments for Contempts, for not

paying Money awarded to be paid under Submissions to Arbitrators by Rules of Court, or under Sub- missions to Arbitration Bonds, and which Submissions have been made Rules of Court, in pursuance of an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences by Arbitration; and likewise for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiend$> or other Process for, or grounded on, the Nonpayment of Costs or Expences in any

Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for any Contempt to such Court/ it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the same Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

LXX. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience / it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the Space of ten Years last past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such Person shall be willing to serve, and shall actually enter himself to serve on Board some one of his Majesty's Ships of War for the Term of fe veil Years, or shall inlist as a Soldier in (brae of his Majesty's Land Forces for the Term of three Years.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Prisoner, who may have taken the Benefit of any Insolvent AA within the Space of ten Years last past, shall under this Act apply for his Discharge, every fcch fiifoner shall produce to the Court (to which he shall make Application for such Discharge) a

Assigneet complaints against fbrlnfufficjcncy. Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour;

tfee Court thereupon it to Torn-moo the Paitkr, and make such Order* therein 01 they dull think At.

Where mutual Credit hat been given, the Balance to be dated and allowed.

Perfoat committed for not poping Money awarded under

SubmiflTumt to Arbitration, end for not plying Cods, Sec,

are intitled to the Benefit of this Act.

Prisonera open Process out of Court of Conscience, to hart the Benefit of thit AA.

Quaker’1 Affirmation to be taken in lies of an Oath.

Persona who have taken tho Benefi of any

Insolvent Act within ten Yeart. etcludeA from thta Aj&I Exception.

Prisoners who have taken such Benefit, and shall apply for Dischargo nodes

272- C. 52.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

thti Act, to produce to the Court a Certificate signed by-9 proper Officer, letting forth that they are inlicted to lerve his Majesty* &c.

This Act not to extend to $cdrUnii*

Oiufe of Relief for Bankrupts, wha haee not obtained Certifies trs and Discharge of their Vcbis.

tefpeft to Bsrftto' Hitts who have conformed thenife vr* K6 the Bankrupt l*wt;

Certificate in Writing, signed by an Officer property authorised to engage or enlist Men for his Majesty's Sea or Land Service [as we Case may be]y setting forth that he was on the Day of

[insert the Date] engaged or inlisted [as the Case may be] to serve as a Mariner or Soldier in his Majesty's Sea or Land Service for the Term of. which Certificate shall be attested by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case such Certificate shall not be produced, or shall not be properly authenticated in Manner aforesaid,’ to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, he shall be remanded back to the Prison from whence he came, there to remain till he shall have fully complied with the Directions aforesaid, or shall by other legal Means sooner obtain his Discharge.

LXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to ’that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LXXV. And whereas Bankrupts who have not obtained their Certificates and Discharge of their Debts, under some one of the Acts relating to Bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the Meaning of V Acts of InsolveneWas such Bankrupts have no Schedules to deliver up according to the Terms and Conditions of such Acts 5 nevertheless, as many Bankrupts are confined in Prison for Debt only, though they have already delivered up their whole Estates and Effects, or, from a Fear of being arrested and thrown into Prison, are frequently induced to abscond from their Homes, and go into foreign Parts :* Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued on or before the twenty-eighth Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or who shall have been really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively, on or before the twenty eighth Day <5f January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy shall have since been awarded and issued, and who hath or have duly conformed, or shall duly conform, him, her, or themselves to (he several Acts of Parliament relating to Bankrupts, and hath not or have not1 been committed to any Prison by a Warrant of the Commissioners in such Commission named, for Contumacy or Noncompliance to those Laws, and who now is or are in Prison -for Debt, Damages, Contempt, Costs of Suit, or any Sum or Sums of Money due and accrued previous to such Commission, or who now are secreting themselves in Fear of their Creditors; and shall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held for Bail, or TEair surrender him, her, or themselves, or bfc fu rendered, in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, or taken in Execution ift any Suit or Action for any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, shall and may apply 1 to any one of the Judges of the Court wherein such Process or Processes hath or have issued, to summon his, her, or their Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to shew Cause why such Bankrupt or Bankrupts should not be discharged from his, her, or their Imprisonment, or Arrest as aforesaid, such Bankrupt or Bankrupts first making Oath before such Judge (or if at a Difhnce from such Judge, then before a Justice of the Peace), Who is hereby authorised to administer such Oath, that such Debt or Debts did accrue previous to the issuing such Commission; and such Bankrupt or Bankrupts making it appear to the Satisfaction of such' Court or Judge, that he or they hath or nave made a full Disclosure of hi^or their Estate or Effects, and delivered up the same; and such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that such Bankrupt or Bankrupts hath or have concealed any Part of his, her, or their Estate or Effects 5 and such Bankrupt or Bankrupts making it appear that he or they hath or have duly conformed him, her, or themselves, to the Laws now in Force against Bankrupts, such Judge shall and may discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Imprisonment or Arrest as aforesaid; unless it shall appear that such Commission was fraudulently obtained; such Bankrupt or Bankrupts causing a common Appearance to be entered for him, her, or them, where necessary, in every such Suit or Action; and if any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall be afterwards again sued amj arrested, or taken in Execution, or imprisoned, in any Suit or Action, for such Debt or Debts, previous to such Commission as aforesaid, any Judge of the Court wherein such Process issued shall, upon Summons of the proper Party or Parties, immediately discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Arrest or Imprisonment; nevertheless such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall, in all other Respects, be deemed subject to the Laws in Force against Bankrupts; and every Sheriff and Sheriffs, Bailiff and Officer, Gaoler and Keeper of a Prison, is and are hereby required, on proper Notice being given of such Judge’s Discharge, to release and set free such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Custody, and each and every of them is and are hereby indemnified from any Action or Actions that may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them, for any Escape for or on account thereof.

LXXVI. And whereas many Bankrupts, having in all Respects strictly conformed themselves to the Directions of the Bankrupt Laws, have, notwithstanding, been unable to obtain their Certificates, and have, on that Account, been discouraged from exerting their Industry in the Pursuit of their several Occupations; either living in the most unhappy and distressed Situation at Home, or seeking Relief in so- reign Countries, where they can earn and secure to themselves the Profit of an industrious Application to Business; some of whom have carried with them the Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce of this A Country, to the great Prejudice thereof: And whereas some Relief given in such particular cases, might prevent the Evils arising to the Public, and be an Encouragement for such Individuals to follow their different Occupations at Home ;’ be it enacted, That any Person or Persons against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and who hath or have in all Things conformed to the several Acts how in Force concerning Bankrupts, by his, her, or their* Surrender and Submission thereto, and who shall not have b^en committed for any Act of Contumacy of Nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained a total Discharge from his, her, or their Creditors, of his, her, or their Debts, arising or accruing previous to such Commission, for want of their Certificate, shall have Liberty, after the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months from the Day of the Date of every such Commission respectively, to petition or to apply, by Motion of Court, to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper; or Lords Commissioners for the

---

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 273

Time being, setting forth the true Circumstance of the Case relative to such Commission and Certificate; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority to direct and order the adding Commissioners in the respective Commissions named, to certify to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, the Conformity of Nonconformity of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and such other Matter as to them shall seem necessary concerning the same (the said acting Commissioners being hereby authorised and required so to do);

[Lord Chancellor, &c. empowered to allow such Bankrupts Certificates, although not signed by four-fifths of their Creditors.]

and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall thereupon have Power and Authority, if he or they shall so think fit, to direct and order an Advertisement to be inserted in the London Gazette, for the Allowance of such Bankrupt’s Certificate (although the same shall not appear to have been signed or consented to by four-fifths in Number and Value of the said Bankrupt’s Creditors, agreeable to the Laws now in being), in the same Manner and Form as if the said Certificate had been signed as aforesaid; and in case no sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the contrary within the Time limited by the said Advertisement, the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority to allow such Bankrupt’s Certificate, in the like Manner as if the same had been signed agreeable to the Laws now in being, and grant or make such other Order thereupon, for the Relief and Discharge of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from his, her, or their Debts as aforesaid, or otherwise, as to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, shall seem proper; which Certificate, if so allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been duly obtained and allowed agreeable to the Directions of the several Laws now in Force concerning Bankrupts; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No Person to receive any Benefit by this Act who shall, by false Pretences, have obtained Money, Goods, Bonds, &c.]

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Bankrupt or Prisoner, who knowingly or designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Judge, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Lords Commissioners, or Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Bankrupt or Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines.

---

WHEREAS, for recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, it is necessary that a new Supply of Men be forthwith raised, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by common Consent and Grant in Parliament;’ be it therefore enacted by the king’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and throughout the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-ports, Parishes, Towns, and Places, of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual Levy of able-bodied Men, to serve his Majesty as Soldiers, shall be forthwith had, made, practised, and put m Execution, according to the Rules and Directions of this present Act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, Shire, Stewartry,

Riding, Liberty, or rlace, within Great Britain, and all and every the Persons who were named, or otherwise appointed, to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and parted at Westminster^ in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting an

[Preamble.]

A Levy o'* able*1 boflied Men 10

bi tnjdc r

throughout Great-Brit tin* ,

Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand severt hundred and seventy-fiveJ, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, within the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-ports, Towns, and Places, therein particularly expressed, who are dill living, and have duly qualified themselves according to the said Acts, or shall duly qualify themselves according to this present Act, in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the same Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-ports, Towns, and Places, of Great Britain, for which they were so named or appointed respectively; and that all and every the Justices of the Peace, and Magistrates of Corporations arta Burghs, in any Part of Great Britain, who are or shall he in any of his Majesty's Commissions of the Peace, or in the Magistracy of such Corporation or Burgh, at any Time during the Execution of this Act, who shall duly qualify themselves according to this present Act in that Behalf (although not specially named or appointed Commissioners by thd said Act), shall bfc like wife Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and all the Powers therein contained, within the Limits of their Commission? and Jurisdictions respectively: All which Comm i (lionets, by this Act intrusted with the Execution of the same, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to use their utmost Care and Diligence that his Majesty's Service, in making such Levies as aforesaid, be not disappointed'or ^neglected.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the High Sheriff of every County, or his Deputy, immediately upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, shall fend Precepts to the respective Bailiffs, or others who are usually employed to summon Juries, although in Liberties out of the ordinary Jurisdiction of the said High Sheriff, directing them to summon the several Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of the Land 'Fax, within their respective Divihons and Liberties, to attend at ttie ufuil Place of Meeting in every Division, upon a certain Day in the said Precepts named, within the Time limited by the Secretary at War (Notice of which Day shall be sent to the War-office and

Admiralty

Justices of tue Hc.cc, Corti-ir.i Ti.'n-rs of Land "tar, and Mjgillr.tcs of Corporations B - ffcbt, t« fut tl» Aa in Exception;

ar.d to t:VcC.rt tl) if ni. I !a-]t f.y't S be

I1 r‘b TU riff,' ‘ upon No- ‘ hcv Irrun 'he 1 Set ret-ry ?t V.’af, to i Tot Prrcep:. rV»r* I fom.i oi»Ifh* Cot-h »fln!.« is to meet, »tki

374 C. 53. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

oaalify thtm-lelvet.

Notice of the Day of Meeting to be lent to the War-office, &c. Commissioners to appoint the Times and Places of their Succeeding Meetings, and iffoe Precepts for that Purpose to the High Constables, Scc. end to give Notice thereof to

Admiralty upon the issuing of the Precepts by the Sheriff), to qualify themselves for the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall then and there appoint the several Times and Places for the succeeding Meetings in each of their lefpeflive Subdivisions during the Continuance of this Actfc; and the said Justices of the reace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, at such their first Meeting, or at some other

Voluntarily in Hffi g him ft If, intitled to 3 I. Bounty mousy.

Volontaer* to be delivered over to the Military Officers and an Entry to be made of their Names, Places of Abode, Scc.

Duplicates of Entries to be

5

Meeting to be held as soon as it can be conveniently, shall issue their Precepts to the High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers, for the respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, or other Subdivisions, within the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, or Divisions, as aforesaid j which Precept shall contain an Account of the Times and Places appointed for the succceding Meetings, and shall be returnable on a Day, therein to be named, within twenty Days, and not iefs than fourteen Days, from the Time of issuing thereof; and such High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers, are hereby required forthwith to (ignjfy the Times and Places appointed for such Meetings to the several Commissioners residing within their respective Districts; and the said Commissioners, assembled At such first Meeting to qualify themselves as aforesaid, shall also give Notice of the Time and Place of all and every fuccteding Meeting, to be appointed as aforesaid, to the Military Officer whom they shall have learned, by Notice from the Secretary at War, to be directed to attend this Service.

such Military Officers a» shall attend this Service.

u1?

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all reasonable Charges or Expences incurred by inrar^d y Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff in the Execution of this Act, shall be allowed in the Accounts of such She-?n° the Eiecution riff at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

of this Act.

V. And, for the Encouragement of fit and able Persons voluntarily to enter into his Majesty's Service,*

XitTyPctfo* be it enacted, That every such Person who shall, on or before the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, voluntarily enter himself into his Majesty's Service, before the said Commissioners, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, shall, by Warrant of any three or more of the said Commissioners, receive the Sum of three Pounds out of the Money of the Land Tax, arisen or to arise in the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or either of them, then being in the Hands of any Receiver-general, or of any Collector thereof, within the County or Place for which the said Commissioners are appointed; and thereupon the Commissioners then present, or any three of them, shall forthwith cause such Volunteers to be delivered to the Officers appointed to receive them \ and shall cause an Entry to be made, in some Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, or such Clerk as they shall appoint, of the Names of such Volunteers, and of the Parishes or Places of their last Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where they did so enter themselves, and of the Sums paid to them, and by whom such Payments were made, and of the Names of the Officers or Persons who received such Volunteers, and for what Regiment or Company they were received j and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by three or more of the said Commissioners then present, within forty Days after the Delivery of such Volunteers, to be transmitted into the Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being* to be compared with the Muster-rolls.

VI. And it is hereby declared, That the Pay of every such Volunteer shall commence from the Time that he shall so enter himself into his Majesty's Service; and that every such Volunteer, after he shall have continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Space of three Years, shall be at Liberty (if he think fit) to demand his Discharge from the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Compmy to which he shall belong (unless the Nation shall be then engaged in a War, and in that Case such Volunteer shall remain in Service during the Continuance of War J; and such Discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in Writing, under the Hand of such Colonel or Commanding Officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the same accordingly, on Pain of suffering the Penalties usually infii&ed for Disobedience to Orders \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Warrants by this Act directed to be issued by the said Commissioners for the Encouragement of Volunteers as aforesaid, shall be satisfied by such Receivers or Collectors as aforesaid, to whom such Warrants shall be directed, without any Abatement for Fees, Gratuities, Charges, Poundage, or.any other Pretence whatsoever, and shall be allowed upon their Accounts| any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Receivers-general, and their respective Deputies, and the said Collectors of the Land Tax Money, or any of them, upon the Summons of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall attend at the said Meetings for receiving Volunteers as aforesaid, and duly pay to the said Volunteers the Rewards prescribed by this Act, as they will answer at their Peril any Delay or Obstruction to his Majesty's Service which may happen by their Defaults.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to cause forty Shillings of every three Pounds of the Money which shall be supplied out of the Land Tax Money for the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or either of them, for Payment of the Encouragements aforesaid, to be repaid into his Majesty's Exchequer, by the respective Paymastera of his Majesty's Forces, out of such Money as they shall receive for the said Forces, to make good the respective Credits on the said Land Taxes, and to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Principal artd Interest (if any), as (Kail be remaining thereupon.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective Places or Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and empowered to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this AO, within their several Limits and Jurisdictions, all able-bodied idle and disorderly Persons, who cannot, upon Examination, prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful Trade or Employment, or to have some Substance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance, to serve his Majesty

in faulted to War-offict.

Volunteer* to receive Pay from th* Time of their entering 5 and to be discharged at the End of three Yean, or of the War, if they If mand It.

Warrant for

Bounty-money to be paid

without any Deduction.

Reeet veri-general and Collectors, to attend Meeting! of Commissionnett, and pay the Bounty.

Forty Shilling* of every 3 I. paid out of the Land Tat, to be repaid into, the Enchequar by the Paymastera of the Forces, Commissioners empowered to levy such Mca at are herein dafcribad j

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 275

jesty as Soldiers; and to require and command all and every the High Constables, Churchwardens, Over* and to call In seers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tythingmen, and other Parish and Town Ofli- the AffiOannerf cers, or any of them, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, to be aiding and assisting to them ^S^MiTowa the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them!, in the Performance of this his Majesty's Service; and for that Purpose the said Commissioners, or any three of them, are to meet in their respective Subdi- 0<i

visions, according to the Appointment of the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, and to issue out their Subdi-their Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, thereby requiring and commanding such Churchwardens, tifiona, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, or other Parish or Town Officers, J"*1 general or else requiring and commanding the said High Constables to iftiie their Precepts to such Churchwardens, so^bringinTbe- Overseers, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other Parish and Town Officers as afore- fore them It said, every or any of them, to make, or cause to be made, a general Search within their respective Parishes, their Second Townships, Constablewicks, or other Places, for all such Persons as they can find, who are or shall appear SaMivision to them to be Within the Description of this Act, and to bring all such Persons before the Commissioners, ferine, who have Power to execute this Act in and for such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, or Division, at the nefcHption such Time and Place as shall have been appointed, by the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, for the ofchj#Act. Second Meeting of the said Commissioners, in their respective Subdivisions, which Time and Place shall be prefixed in the said Warrants and Precepts respectively j and afterwards the said Commissioners, within Sokfajoeiit their respective Limits and Divisions, shall meet at such convenient Time or Times as they shall think fit, Meeting! to be in order to issue their like Warrants or Precepts for making general Searches for Persons within the said atfucbTiim# Description, and for bringing them before the Commissioners at any future Times and Places appointed by the justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act. bethought fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or Person# con-more of them, in their respective Places or Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to »-raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, to serve his Majesty as a Soldier (at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, and subject to the 4Ci. iarbo several Rules and Regulations herein-before specified, for the raising and levying Persons who have no ie?iia»#soi- awful Trade or Employment), any fit and able Person who shall be convicted of running Goods to the Men, in Lien Value not exceeding forty Pounds, in Lieu of any Punishment or Penalty to which such Person may be liable by any Law now in Force for preventing the running of Goods i or any fit or able Person who shall Pcallti€#« be taken in the Act of running Goods, and be thereof convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence was committed.

XL. Provided always, That in case the Second Meeting appointed to be held in any Subdivision, (hatl If the Second be it so great a Distance of Time as may render it inconvenient to issue Warrants for bringing Persons be- SutKmfioo t fore such Commissioners at the Second Meeting, then the Commissioners of such Subdivision respectively may adjdurn themselves to some convenient Day, previous to such Second Meeting, in order to issue their Warrants as aforesaid, ^journ to a

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Church- previous Da/, wardens, Overseers ox the Poor, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other Officers of any Parish Afler such. s®-or Township, or any of them, at any Time after the said Second Meeting of the said Commissioners,

having a proper Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to search for and apprehend all or any such Person or mYyfcard»f«r Persons as they, or any of them, shall find, or shall appear to them, or any of them, to be within the De- core such feription of this Act, and to convey such Person or Persons before one or more of the Justices of the Peace of Person# # coo* the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Riding, Liberty, or Place, within which he or they shall have been so within the apprehended, to be examined; and if the said Justice or Justices shall judge the Person or Persons, so brought before him or them, to be within the Description of this Act, it shall in that Case be lawful for coJ,* ^e*m the said Justice or Justices to grant a Warrant for securing such Person or Persons (in case they shall think fee justice*

It necessary) in the Gaol or House of Correction, or other proper Place of Security, of the County, Town, who may com-or Place, where such Persons shall be apprehended 5 and the Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction, D>it them *° 4 or other proper Place of Security, shall receive such Person or Persons without Fee or Reward, and the Pa- PUe? ff rish Officers shall allow such Keeper Sixpence by the Day for each Person, during the Time that they shall Meerlotnftkt remain there; and shall convey them before the Commissioners, at their nrxt Meeting for lifting of Sol- commidioiier* diers, to be examined, and (if judged by the said Commissioners to be within the Description of this Act) &c. to be lifted and delivered into his Majesty's Service, according to the true. Intent and Meaning hereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for executing this Commissionert

Act, who shall attqnd this Service at the Place or Places for lifting Soldiers as aforesaid, shall strictly ex- to exjminethe amine the Persons who shall be brought before them by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables,

Headboroughs, Tythingmen, or other Parish or Town Officers as aforesaid *, and in case the said Commis- Mod, if found sioners, or the major Part of them then present. upon Examination of the Persons so brought before them, proper for the shall find that such Persons shall come within the Descriptions herein mentioned, and the said Commis- s*nrke, tode-sioners, and the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed to receive the impressed Men, shall judge them llhvcrv5h.cm to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service, then, and in such Officer#!1*7 Case, the said Commissioners shall cause stich Persons to be delivered over by the said Churchwardens,

Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, or other Parish or Town Officers, to such Officers or Persons as shall be appointed to receive such Recruits as aforesaid; such Officers or Persons giving a Re- Officer# to give ceipt under their Hands, acknowledging what Men are so delivered to him or them, which Receipt they ' for are hereby required to give. Ihern»

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Officers who shall receive such new-raised Men, and to p#y to tfct shall pay to the Clerk appointed by the Commissioners for the Use of the Officers of the Parish or Town Officen, lb employed in the raising such Men. for their Pains and Services therein, twenty Shillings of lawful Mo- forth i rouble, ncy of Great Britain for every Man so raised; and shall alfe pay, for every such new-raised Man who shall have 1

276 C. 53. Anno decinao octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177?.

and to the Churchwardehf, &c. from 10 s. to 403. if fiul* Man have a Wife or Fan ily, as shall be settled by the Commissioners; and 6d. per Diem to the Fari/h Officers for the Time they stall have kept him. Disputes relating thereto to be settled by th^ Commissiontfff. Commissioners. may allot, out of the Money allowed to Pariflr Officer?, atto the High Constables.

Able- bodied Men only to be inlisted $ and none under 17, nor above 4 5 Years of Age, &c.

Perfors discharged as not within the Description of th s Act, Panfli not to be allowed their Evpences: If within the Description, s»nd rejected by Officer, he shall pay the Expences of keeping the m. Object ions to be specified, and inquired into by Commissioners.

have a Wife or Family, any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to the said Clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein after directed,* into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Benefit of such Parish or Township in which such new-raised Man shall have gained a Settlement, and whose Wife or Family may become chargeable to such Parish or Township respectively; which Sum shall be settled by the Commissioners present at the Meeting when such Person shall be inlisted, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the Number of Children, or other particular Circumstances of such Person foinlifted; for both which Payments the Clerk shall give a Receipt; and the Sum of Sixpence per Diem for keeping every such new-raised Man who shall be delivered as aforesaid, according to the Number of Days that the Officers of the said Parish or Town shall have kept him in Custody, pursuant to the Powers granted by this Act, until such Delivery; the said Allowances of twenty Shillings, and of Sixpence per Diem, in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to or amongst the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and such other Parish and Town Officers, or any of them, according to the Judgment and Direction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered, by and out of the said Sum of twenty Shillings, herein-before directed to be paid for the Use of the Officers of the Parish or Town lo employed in the raising of such Men, to allot and order such Sum as they shall think fir, to the respective High Constables, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, for their Pains and Service in the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings.

XVI. Provided always, That no Person shall be inlisted by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, who is not such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the Duty of a Soldier; and that no Man be infilled for his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, who shall appear, in the Opinion-of the Commissioners, or Officer or Officers appointed to receive the impressed Men, to be under the Age of seventeen Years, or above the Age of forty-five Years, or who shall be under the Size of five Feet four Inches without Shoes.

XVII. And, for the better preventing any Disputes which may arise about paying for the Subsistence of those Persons who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this Act, may afterwards be discharged upon Examination before the Commissioners and Military Officers,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being judged by the Commissioners not to be within the Description of this Act, shall be by them discharged, the Officers of the Parish or Town shall be intitled to no Consideration for their Expences in keeping such Person; and if any Person being judged by the Commissioners to be within the Description of this Act, shall be rejected by the Military Officer, such Officer shall pay to the Ofiiceis of the Parish or Town Sixpence per Diem, for the whole Time that they shall have kept every such Person, to be charged to the Account of his respective Regiment or Company; and every Officer who shall object to any Person delivered to him by the Commissioners, shall specify his Objection to such Person, whether it shall be to his Age or Size^ or bodily Disability, and the Grounds of such Objection shall be forthwith (as far as may be) inquired into by the said Commissioners, and they shall proceed accordingly; and every Officer who shall refuse or discharge any Person delivered to him by the Commissioners, as fit to serve his Majesty within the Description of this Act, shall, without Delay, transmit to his Majesty's Secretary at War, his Reason for such Refusal or Discharge, ia Writing, attested by himself.

Reasons of Discharge to be transmitted to the Secretary at War.

Inhabitants required to be a&sting herein.

Ten Shillings Premium to such as shall dise^ver any proper Person, ib a* he be in-fisted.

Clerks to be

appointed by the Commissioners at their first General Meeting;

Olid Sttbdi-v.fion Mc«‘irgs. Clerks to hr p.id by the Oflktr zt, " for eve y Man »ni l bed,

, The ftccnd and ijx.h Sections of the Articles of

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted and strictly enjoined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of every Parish and Township, where any Persons described as aforesaid do abide, or are to be found, at the Instance of any one or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act, or of any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or Constable, of the same Parish or Township, shall (not having* lawful or reasonable Excuse to the contrary) be aiding and abiding in the Furtherance of his Majesty's Service by this Act described.

XIX. And, to encourage such Inhabitants and others to assist in discovering and apprehending such Pei suns described as aforesaid,* it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall discover and give Information of any able-bodied Man, fit to serve his Majesty within the Description of this Act, so that he shall be apprehended and inlisted before the Commissioners as aforesaid, such Person for every Man so discovered and inlisted, shall receive* from the Officer to whom such Man shall be delivered, the Sum of ten Shillings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elsewhere directed to pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town for every Man inlisted by virtue of this Act, and the Remainder only of the said twenty Shillings shall, in that Case, be paid to such Officers.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at their First General Meeting assembled, to appoint a Clerk to attend them, then and nt each of their subsequent Meetings; and for the Commissioners of the several Subdivisions to appoint aCi erk to attend them at their respective Meetings in each Subdivision wherein Soldiers are to be lifted as aforesaid; and such respective Clerks, as ? Reward for their Labour and Pains in the Execution of this Act, shall be incitied to, and shall receive, for every Man who shall be lifted in pursuance of this Act, at the Meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, the Sum of two Shillings of lawful Jlloney of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective Officer who shall receive such new-raised Men respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting for lifting of Soldiers as aforesaid, shall cause the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read to such new-raised Men, in the PieLnce.of the said Cw»missioner$ then there i and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present,

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

53*

277

shall forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Book or Books to be kept by them or their Clerks for that Purpose of the Names of such new-raised Men, and of the Parishes or Places of their last Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where such Men were delivered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and for what Regiment or Company they were so received, and the Sums paid; and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then present, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the Admiralty, or Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being, to be compared with the Muster-roll; and every Clerk, for every Neglect or Default in not transmitting the said Copies or Duplicates of such Entries to the Admiralty, or Office of the Secretary at War, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum often Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Session in Scotland; and it is hereby declared, that the Pay of every such new-raised Man, so delivered to the Officers or Persons appointed 10 receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the Time of his being taken and secured as aforesaid; and from and after such Delivery as aforesaid, and reading the said Articles of War, every Person so raised shall be deemed a lifted Soldier to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be subject to the Discipline of War, and, in case of Dcfercion, shall be proceeded against as a Deserter by any Law now in Force, or by any Law to be made for Punishment of Deserters; and no Person so lifted shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service, by any Process other than for some criminal Matter,

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, who shall have been present at any such Meeting where any new-raised Man shall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the major Part of them, upon the Demand of such Man, or of any other Person on his Behalf, signified to their Clerk within four Days after such Meeting, and by him notified to each of the said Commissioners, to appoint a further Meeting of the same Commissioners, to be golden within six Days after the making of such Demand, unless the Party appealing shall require a further reasonable Time; and if, upon further and more certain Information, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them at such further Meeting, shall find that such new-raised Man was not, at the Time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within the Description of this Act, they are hereby required to certify the same, under their Hands and Seals, to his Majesty's Secretary at War, who, on, the Receipt of such Certificate, shall cause the Man to be forthwith, discharged; and the recruiting Officer shall, on such Person’s receiving his Discharge as aforesaid, cause to be paid to such Man the Sum of one Shilling for each Day he shall have been so detained in the Service as aforesaid, to be allowed to such Officer out of the recruiting Fund, over and above such Subsistence as he may have received; and the Clerk appointed by the Commissioners shall repay to such Officer (without Fee or other Deduction) the several Sums before paid to him by the said Officer, and shall give back the Receipts taken as above directed, in Exchange for a Copy of the Man’s Discharge; and in case no such Discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said Clerk shall, after the Expiration of fourteen Days from the Time that such new-raised Man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without Fee or Deduction, to the Persons respectively intitled thereto under the Directions of this Act, the several Sums deposited in his Hands for that Purpose.

to the Officer the Sums received of him, &c. If no Discharge be obtained. Clerk to pay over the Sumi deposited to the

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to empower the said Commissioners to inlist any Person as a Soldier, until the several Sums herein directed to be paid, by the respective Officers appointed to receive such new-raised Men, shall be first paid to the Person or Persons respectively authorised to receive the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, appointed to attend the said Commissioners, and to receiv^ such impressed Men, shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary, secure such impressed Men in some secure House or Place, to be provided by the Justices of the Peace, in their Petty or Special Sessions, for that Purpose; but in case no such House or Place shall be so provided, then in the Gaol of the County, Town, or Place, where such Man shall be received into his Majesty's Service, or in the House of Correction, or other public Priforu of such County, Town, or Place, where Debtors are not usually confined; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House ot Correction, or Prison, shall receive such impressed Men, until they can be removed, without Fee or Reward; and such Keeper shall be allowed the usual Subsistence for such Men during the Time they remain there, from the Officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and the Constables, Headbo-

3hs, and other civil Officers, shall (if required) be assisting to such Officer in conveying such Man or

War to be read to new r*ifrd Men.

Names of th;

Mm, P*rish, Time r f mJift- ing, &c. to be entered in a Book.

Attested Copy thercot to be trans nitteJ, within 40 L)jy% to the Admiralty or War-offi e, on Penal y of’

10l.

Application of the Penalty. Commencement of Soldier’s Pay. After Article! of War arp read, Soldiers to be subject to Martial Law. Commissioners present at the delivering over any Recruit, may,' upon Demand made in his Behalf, appoint a further Meeting; and finding him not to be within the Description of this AO, are to certify the same to the ie« creuiy at War, who Hull cause the Man to be discharged. Officer to pay him t*S. for each Day he shall have Wen detained. Clerk to repay proper Persons.

None to be in-lifted till the Sums payable by the Officers are fi;ft paid. Officers may secure tmorefiei Men.

rou.

Keeper to be al-

liwcd the T Sc b-fifttnee Money,

Civil Officer to

Men to such secure Place, Gaol, or House of Correction, and shall be allowed such reasonable Sum or Sums b« »id>ng >" fe-as the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall appoint tabe paid by the Officer or Officers who cu »rg them, and shall require such Assistance.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissioners and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose upon any Gaoler, or Keeper of may levy a Fine, a House of Correction, or Prison, who shall suffer any Person committed to his Custody, in pursuance of aot exceeding this Act, to escape; or upon any High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Petty Con (table, Headborough, Tithingman, or other Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default, in the Execu- j£rcn c#pc °* tion of any Warrant, Order, or Precept, to them or any of them directed in pursuance of this Act, a mdonpanft Fine not exceeding ten Pounds, and to cause every such Fine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Often- Officer* for Nader’s Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner$| and to pay the said Fine to the Informer 6,cft Djty. or Informers.

1278

Persons obstructing the Execution of this Act to forfeit 101,

which may be levied by Distress.

Voteri for Members of Parliament not liable to be lifted.

Kb Military

Officer may be a Commissioner.

Limitation of Afriom.

[Treble Costs.]

General Issue,

No Soldier of Marine to be discharged without a Certificate from his Colonel, &c. of which a Duplicate to be transmitted to the Secretary at War.

Officer breaking this Order to be cashieredr Ilnpressed Men/ after 5 Year* Service, to be discharged, if they demand it.

Clerks to be rewarded for their Trouble in Wansmitting Duplicator, &c.

His Majesty, when a sufficient Number of Men Hull be raised, may, by Proclamation, &c. fuf-perfd the Execution of this Act; or may suspend or inforce it in any County or Place.

Persons employed in the Execution of this Afr, exempted from the Penal-tiea of Acts »5 Car. 11. x GviU Sc Mar, and 1 3 & 14 Gul. Ill,

C. 53. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of this Act, in the searching for, taking, and securing, such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Person (haJI, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to the Use of the Informer or Informers; and all and every such Offences may be enquired of, l\eard, and finally determined, by any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall he committed; Who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners; and if the Oftendeis have no Goods and Chattels sufficient to an fiver the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to the County Gaol or House of Correction, thereto remain for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the taking or levying any Person to serveas a Soldier, who shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners then present, that he hath any Vote rn the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, ia any County, City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place, within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That no Person who, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, shall have any Military Office or Employment in Great Britain (other than in the Militia), shall pxecute any Power or Authority by this Act given to Commissioners as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance or Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Months after the Offence committed; and such Person or Persons so sued, in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and upon any Issue joined, may give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence { and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs; for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

XXX. And, for the better obviating such Frauds and Abuses as may be practised in difeharei^g of 1 Soldiers/ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Soldier, who shall be duly lifteddnto his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act (during the Time such Soldier shall remain in Great Britainj, shall be discharged from his Majesty's Service, without the Chhfcn: of the Colonel, or, in his Absence, the Field Officer commanding in Chief the Regiment,‘first had and obtained in Writing under their Hands and Seals for that Purpose 5 in which Writing the Cause of his Discharge shall be expressed, and a Duplicate or Copy of every such Discharge forthwith transmitted to the Secretary at War, to be by him kept and entered in a Book; or if a Marine, without the Consent of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, first had and obtained; and any Officer that shall presume to discharge any Soldier inlisted pursuant to this Act, in any other Manner contrary to this Act> shall, for such Offence, be cashiered.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person who shall be impressed upon this Act, after he shall have continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Space of fi^e Years, shall be at Liberty, if he think fir, to demand his Discharge from the Colonel, or, in his Absence, the Officer Commanding the Regiment or Company to which he shall belong, unless the Nation shall be then engaged in a War, and in that Case such Person shall remain in Service during the Continuance of War; and such Discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in Writing under the Hand of such Colonel or Officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the same accordingly, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks to the said Commissioners, provided the said Copies or Duplicates be duly transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty, or Secretary at War, 'as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the Hands of the Paymasters of his Molly’s Land Forces and Marines, or one of them, such Rewards as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury /or the Time being, upon Consideration of the Numbers of Men lifted in the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, or other Places, and the Pains and Charges of the several Clerks in this Service, shall judge the said Clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXIII. Provided always, That his Majesty, when he shall be satisfied, by the said Returns of the Commissioners, or otherwise, that a sufficient Number of Recruits in the Whole shall be raised for his present Service, may be graciously pleased to Impend or flop the further Execution of this Act, by Proclamation or Order in Council, or other public Notice in the London Gazette 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he dial] judge it expedient for his Service, may at any Time suspend or enforce the Execution of this Act, in any County or Place of Great Britain, by Notice from his Majesty's Secretary at War; any Thing herein contained ro the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Parish or Town Officer, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, For preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; or in one other Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths); or in one other Act, made in the Parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majestys Perform and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line \ and for the extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of ales, and all other Pretenderr, and their open and secret Abettors.)

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

*79

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, hereby appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for any County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (except such as duly qualified themselves to be Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners for executing the said Act for the Lapd Tax made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose), shall be capable, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or executing any the Powers of the Commissioners therein mentioned (unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths), until such Time as he or they respectively shall have taken the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Alicgianccy and appointing other Oaths); and also in the said Act (intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majestys Person, and the Succession of the Crount in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors); which Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said Commissioners; and that no Person or Persons, hereby appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for any Part of Scotland (except such as duly qualified themselves, according to the Laws of Scotland, to be Commissioners there for executing the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose), shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this present Act, in any Part of Scotland, until such Time as he or they respectively shall have duly qualified themselves ac-coniing to the Laws of Scotland, for that Purpose.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for any County, City, Town, or Place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (except as before excepted), shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before he shall have taken the said Oaths which by.this Act he is required to take, and in the Manner hereby prefefibed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Place in Scotland (except as before excepted). shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before that he shall have qualified himself according to the Laws in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of fifty Pounds, tb be, recovered in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in the same Manner as any other Penalties are there recoverable.

XXXVIII. Provided also, That in.case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners for any City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place, of Great Britain (for which by this Act Commissioners are specially appointed), capable of acting according to the respective Qualifications required by this Act; then, and in every such Case, any the Commissioners appointed for the County, Shire, or Stewartry at large, within which such City, Borough, Town, or Place, doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may act as Commissioners in the Execution of this/Adl, within such City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner of the Land Tax, not being a Justice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of a Corporation or a Borough, shall be capable of acting 33 a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers therein contained, in or^for any County at large, within England, the Dominion of Wales (the Counties of Anglesey, Merioneth y Cardigan, Caermarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Caernarvon, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the Ridings in the County of York, unless such Person by himself, or his Tenants or Trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same County or Riding, for the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, or more, of his own Estate, by virtue of the said Act for the Land Tax, made and passed in Eng-l£>idy in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for triat Purpose; or unless such Person so appointed to be a Commissioner shall, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, by himself, his Tenants, or Trustees, enjoy an Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the said yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or more, within the said County or Riding respectively; any Tfiing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person intended by this.Adl to be disabled for the Cause last mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, every such Person for such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majid fy*s Courts of Record ^t V/cjinirjler, or in the Exchequer of Scotland as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person who is appointed to be a Commissioner for executing this Act in any Part of Great Britain, shall he disabled, for the Cause hist-cncn-tioned, from acting as a Comndflioner within and for any City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Corporate Town only, whereof he shall bean Inhabitant at the Time of the Execution of this Act, or from ailing as a Commissioner within any of the Inns of Court or inns of Chancery.

XLII. And whereas some Doubts may arise whether Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates of Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque-ports, for which Commissioners are specially appointed by virtue of this Act, can act as Commissioners for executing this Act in the said Cities, Boroughs,

Towns Corporate, and Cinque-ports be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates, who are appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, shall be, and have Power to act as Commissioners for executing this Act, within and for any City, Borough,

Commissioner*, in England not to till they hare taken the Oaths appointed by Acts

1 Cut. Sc Mar,

and 1} Sc 14

Cul. HI.

nor Commissioners in Scotland, till they have qualified then felvfs at the L-ws there direct.

CommissionCT* in Kneland acting before they have taken the Oaths, forfeit 200 L

and Commissioners in Scotland 501.

Commissioners for the County, &c. at large, may act for any City, Scc.

Qualification of Commissioners for Coun ics at large within England.

Prrf>n*s JifaMed prefimiing to act, foifsit 50 I,

Cnmrr issioner* n ay <fk ‘or any City, Ax.

hereof they are Inhabitants, or f(,r Inns of Cjurt.

M*yo»-s, RjiliflV, Arc. to act a*

I i.romissioners

farri >11 y appair, led.

28o

Chief Magistratet of Cities, Sec, upon Notice from the Secretary at War, to enforce this Act within their Jurisdictions. Bailiffs Followers and Afftil-anrs, Sec, not deemed to follow any Calling,

Labourers, having proper Certificates, not liable to be impressed from May *5, to Oct. 25.

Commissioners for executing this Act within the Castle of York.

Commissioners for executing this Act in Threap-wood.

Officer not attending to receive Recruit*, Commissioners may adjourn, and order the Detention of the impressed Men. Notice of Adjournment to be given to Officer s attending this Service. drC. Officer to pay Subnfttnce Money for every Recruit, and incidental Charges.

Continuance of this Act.

Form prtfenbed fur making Entries pursuant C* this Act,

C. 53. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Town Corporate, or Cinque-port, wherein they inhabit at the Time of executing this Act, as well where Commissioners are specially appointed by this Act, as where they are not.

XLIII. And whereas it may often be expedient for his Majesty's Service, that the Commissioners hereby appointed shall execute this Act in Cities, Towns, or other Places, when it may not be conve- nient to enforce the Execution thereof through the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall be respectively situate/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of every City, Town, or Place, shall, upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, immediately proceed to put this Act in Execution within their respective Jurisdictions, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Mayor or other Chief Magistrate had received such Notice from the Sheriff of the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall be respectively situate 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And it is hereby provided and enacted, That no Bailiff’s Follower or Assistance, employed or be? longing to any Sheriff, Bailiff of Liberties, Marshalsea Court, or any other Person or Persons that shall be so employed by any one that shall have the Power of executing any Warrant or Process whatsoever, shall be deemed thereby to follow or exercise any Calling or Employment, or to have a sufficient Support and Maintenance, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLV. And forasmuch as great inconveniencies may happen by impressing Men during the Time of Harvest/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, until the twenty-fifth Day of October following, no.Haryeft Labourer, or Person working at Hay Harvest or Corn Harvelt Work, within the Time aforesaid, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be impressed by virtue of this Act, but shall be free and exempted from the same during the Time aforesaid; provided they have a Certificate under the Hands of the Minifies and of one Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or Elders, of the Parish or Place where they live, allowed under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace of the same County, Shire, Stewartry. Riding, City, or Place; which Certificate shall be given gratis.

XLVI. And, for the more easy and better putting this Act in Execution/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three or more Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution in the several Ridings of the County of York(being Justices of the Peace), though not all of the same Riding, may, within the Castle of York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of this Act.

XLVII. And whereas divers Soldiers, who have deserted his Majesty's Service, have been harboured in a certain Place called Tbreapwoody Iving within or near the Counties of Chester and Flinty or one of them, and adjoining to the Town of Cuddington in the said County of Chester / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby appointed for the County of Chester, and the Officers of the said Town of Cuddington, shall execute this Act in the said Place called Tbreapwoody according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any of the Meetings of the Commissioners by this Act appointed, in any of their Subdivisions, they shall not be attended Dy some proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Recruits, either through Negligence or any unavoidable Accident, then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to adjourn themselves to some other convenient Day, and they are hereby authorised to give Directions for detaining in Custody all such Persons as shall have been then brought before them by the Parish Officers to be in-lifted, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's Service; and the said Commissioners shall give Notice to any of the Officers attending on this Service, in the County or Place where such Subdivisions shall lye, of the Day of such Adjournment; and the said Officer is hereby required, either to attend himself, or to appoint some other Officer to attend such Commissioners, and to receive such Persons as the said Commissioners shall inlist into his Majesty's Service; and the Officers so receiving the Recruits shall pay, to such Person as the Commissioners shall appoirt. Sixpence per Diem for the Subsistence of every Recruit then enlisted, from the Day of the last Meeting-of the Commissioners to the said Day of Adjournment, the same to be charged to the Account of the several Regiments or Companies into which the said Recruits shall be inlisted, together with such Charges and Expences as shall appear to the said Commissioners to have been incurred on account of the detaining the said Persons, from the Day of the former Meeting of the said Commissioners to the Day of such Second Meeting, not excesding three Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall be and continue in Force until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Entries which the Commissioners of the Land Tax are by this Act required to make, of the Names and Descriptions of ali Volunteers, and also of all irr.prefied Men, together with the other Particulars herein-before disedled, be made according to the Form hereunto annexed.

Rerruk*$ Name. Parish. Heighth. Age. Description of the hecruits. For what Corps p^elTed. for what Corps tn-teieJ voluntarily. Sum paid. By whonJ patd. Offiiei who received or refused the lletniiT, and on what Day. On what Grounds r etu fed.

Feet. Inches.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

K

C 54.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fevemy-eight*, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

ii

4C 1 s. Zd. 2 q. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year; Trea-

c‘ fury empowered to raise the said Sum, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund; All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payments J^o Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Colts. Penalty of undue Preference in point of Registry or Payment. Auditor, &c. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, fcfr. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the registering, w here Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. Orders may be assigned. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Land Tax Act of this Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act of this Session, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 2,296,209l. is. 8 d. Halfpenny; notwithstanding an Act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Maria. The Sum of 703,790l. 18 Sk 3 d Halfpenny, Surplus of the Sinking Fund and 4,97b/* 172- 1 d. Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1778 ;—and 46,825 /. remaining of the Deductions of 6 d. in the

Pound upon all Salaries, &c. from the Crown 5—and 37,921 i

jesty’s national Troops;—and 27/90l. Savings from the Pay of sundry Regiments and such Monies

from the Crown ;—and 37,921 /. 3 s. 10 d. Saving from the Pay of his Ma-

(500,000l.)—i,oooo, oco/. by the Vote of Credit,—and 703,79°/- 18 j. 3 d. Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1778, of the Surpluses of the Sinking Fund ;—and 4,976l. 17 s. 1 d. Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1778 5—and 46,825 L remaining of the Deductions of 6d. in the Pound upon all Salaries, &c ;—and 37,921 /. 3 s. 10 d. Savings out of the Pay of the national Troops ;— 44 and 27,690l. Savings out of the Pay of sundry Regiments of Foot;—-and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 1778, and April j, 1779, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabicand 2,296,209l. 1 s. 8 d. Halfpenny, by this Act granted out of the Excesses, ifc. composing the Sinking Fund ;—together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prizes 4t taken before the Declaration of War;—and also such Sums of Money as his Majesty shall direct to be applied to the public Service, which shall arise out of the Sale of the ceded Islands in the West Indies;— 44 shall be applied to the Uies following:—3,997*895 /. 16s* towards Naval Services; i,coc, oooo/. towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; 4000l. to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Green- wichy fcfr.: 382,816l. 2s. 8d. for the Charges of the^ OfRce of Ordnance; 300,483l. 13 s. 10d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, not provided for in 1777; 4,833,666l. 15l. 11 d. Halfpenny, towards maintaining the Land Forces, &c.; of which 634,240l. 3l. 11 d. for defraying the Charges of 20,057 44 effective Men, &c. and 3213 Invalids, for Guards, fJc. in Great Britain, &c.; 960,843 /. 18 r. 9 d. for Forces-and Gmifons in Africa, &c.; 52,923/ 1 s. 6 d- to make good the Difference of Pay between (he British and Irish Establishment of Troops serving in America; 11,473 /. 18 s» 6 d. Halfpenny, for General and General Staff-officers in Great Britain; 56,074l. 19 s. 4 d. Halfpenny, for five Hanovericm Battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for three of the said Battalions at Gibraltar, for the Year 44 *778; 367,203 /. 9 s. 10 d. for 13,472 Troops of Hesse Cajfel, &c.; 35,441l. 19J. 9 d. Halfpenny, for two Regiments of Hannu, &c.; 1,645 /. 172. id to make good a Deficiency of a Vote of last Session; 44 17,370 L 2 s. id. 2 q. for a Regiment of JValdeck, &c.; 93,947 / 15 s. Sd. for 4,300 Brunfuickers, &c. \ 44 34,007l. is. 11 d. for 1,231 Troops of Brandebourg Anfpach; 47,160l. 13 s. 3 d for Provisions for foreign Troops serving in America; 2^,379l. 10 s. $ d. for defraying the Charge of Artillery for foreign Troops, for 1778; 286,632 /. 14 s. Id. for Augmentations of his Majesty's Forces, from their Commencement, 44 &c.; 90,939V. 15 s. to the reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines; 712l. 5 d. to the two 4 Troops of Horse Guards reduced, tsV; 238l. for Pensions to Officers Widow s, &\r.; ir-5,131l. i$*. 5 44 to the Out-pensioners of Ch elsea Hospital; 18,895l. $s.2d ^Augmentations of the Forces; 3c,; 9l. 44 Ms. 1 d. for Augmentations of the Forces, from March bodied Militia, from March 26, to Dec. 24, 1778

5

2$, to Dec. 24, 1778; jo?,^.;2 /. 9 s. for the em-37>SS9 / 7 J- for Militia Clothing for 177*';

45>' /

282 C. 55. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177

u 4^,60S/. 2 s. for three Regiments to be raised in North Britain, from April 25, to Z>rr. 24, 1778; 44 18,071 /. 12 r. for* Infantry, tffc. of Anhalt Zcrbjl; 1,406,923l. 1 j. 4^. 1^. towards extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, &c. not provided for *; 1,500,000l. for discharging. Exchequer Biils of !aft Session; 1,000; coo/. for paying off the Exchequer Bills of last Session; 19,100l. to make good to his Majesty the like Sum issued in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons; 3,2:0l. for the Civil Establishment of the Island of St.john; 2,8c6l. for the Civil Establishment of Georgia; 4,701l. 44 10 s. c d. for supporting the Civil Establishment of Neva Scotia; 4,950l. for the Civil Establishment of East Florida; 4,900l. for the Civil Establishment of //"V/? Florida; 2,372/, for defraying Expences attending Surveys in North America; I'.co:/, for maintaining the British) Forts, ds’r. on the Coast of Africa; 5, 50l. for supporting the Civil Establishment of Senegambia; 105,227l. 8l. 3 */. for the Expences of recoining the deficient Gold Coin; 6,998l. 12 j. 5 ;/. on account of new Roads, id c. in the Highlands of Scotland; 56,680l. 2 s. b d. for Relief of American Civil Officers, tfc.; 6,400l. to Mr. 44 Alcove, for his Trouble in compiling a General Index to the Journals; 3,cco/. to the Rev. Mr. Forjler* for his Trouble in compiling a general Index to the Journals; 3, coo/, to the Rev. Dr. Flex man, for ditto; 500l. to Mr. Cunningham, for dittos 9,075 3 i> d. to make good to his Majesty the like Sum

*4 issued to Duncan Campbell* for the Expence of confining, idc. Convicts on the Thames; 43,621 /. lor. 44 9^. Halfpenny, to the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency on July.5, 1777, idc.; and 38,493 /. 44 zx. 7 d Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the Year 1777. The said Aids to be applied only to the Uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half-pay. By Act 17 Geo. III. a Sum not exceeding 93,616l. 8 s. 4 d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers. Overplus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were 114 maimed, idc. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct. 4‘ 31,154l. 17l. 8j. 1 q. remaining in the Exchequer of the Two Sevenths Excise, to be carried to the Aggregate Fund."

CAP. LV.

An Act to perrtiit the Exportation of certain Goods, directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation inyhnctica* or any British Settlement on the Coalt of Africa, and for further encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Ireland.

[Preamble.]

ACT* 15 Car. II. recited.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, it is, among other Things enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March* one thousand six hundred and sixty-four, no Commodity of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, shall be imported into any Land, Island, Plantation. Colony, Territory, or Place, to his Majesty belonging, or whfrh shall hereafter belong unro, or be in the Possession of, his Majesty, his Heirs and Sticceflors, in Asia* Africa, or America (Tangier only excepted), but what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in England* Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas it is thought proper to allow the Exportation of Goods (except as herein after excepted) directly from the Kingdom of Ireland* to the British Plantations in America, or into ary of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa d Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parharmnt assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and fevtntv-eight, it shall and may be lawful to export from the Kingdom of Ireland, directly into any of the British Plantations in America, or the ITeft Indies, or into any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa* in Ships or Vessels which may lawfully trade to and from those Places, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the Produce br Manufacture of Ireland (Wool and Woollen Manufacture in all its Branches mixed or unmixed, Cotton Manufactures of all Sorts mixed or unmixed, Hats, Glass, Hops, Gunpowder, and Coals, only excepted); and ail Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Brit An* Which have been or may be legally imported from thence into the said Kingdom of Ireland* Woollen Manufactures in all its Branches, and Glass, excepted); and all foreign Certificate Goods, which have been or mry he legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Matter of the Vessel exporting CJocds as above-iTientioned, to produce a proper Certificate to the Collector, &c. of the Custemi at the Port ot hit Arrival j

and deliver an Invoice of the Particulars of his Lading.

II. Provided always, and it is herrbv further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, or Person having the Charge of every Ship or Vessel exporting any such Goods from Ireland to the said Plantations or Settlements, shall, upon his Arrival there, produce to the Collector or other principal Officers of the Customs, or other public Officer at the Port or Place where he shall arrive, a Certificate, under the Hands and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port in Ireland where he took in his Lading, that Oath had been made befohe them, by the Exporter of such Goods (which Oath they are hereby authorised to administer), that the Goods mentioned in such Certificate are bona fate of the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland; or that the same are of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, which had been legally imported from thence into Ireland; or that they are foreign Certificate Goods, which had been legally imported from Great Britain into beland (as the Case may be); and shall also deliver an Invoice of the Particulars of his Lading to such Officers, in the Manner directed determined by an Act of Parliament, made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations* and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland; and shall in all other Respects, not altered by this Act, comply with the Regulations prescrib-tl

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55. 283

Proviso relating to foreign Linens.

This Act not to extend to Bar-iron, or Iron Wares, t il certain Du ies are laid thereon by the Irish Parliament,

by the said recited Act, or any other Law now in Force in this Kingdom, respecting Ships trading to the said Plantations or Settlements; otherwise such Ships, and the Goods laden on Board thereon, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as if this Act had not been made.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to permit the Exportation from the said Kingdom of Ireland to any of the Places aforesaid of any foreign Linens, whether the fime be white or brown or checked, or painted, stamed, or dyed, in the said Kingdom of Ireland.

IV. Provided always, and it is-hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extenJ, to any Bar-iron, to Iron flit, rolled, plated, or tinned, nor to any Sort of manufactured Iron Wares, until a Duty of two Pounds ten Shillings per I on, on such Bar-iron, and also a Duty of thiec Pounds three Shillings and Elevenpence Irish, per Ton, on such flit, rolled, pfated, or tinned Iron, and manufactured Iron Wares, exported from Ireland to the Bri-tiJJ) Colonies or PI mtations in America, or to any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, shall be imposed by some Act or Acts of Parliament to be made in the Kingdom of Ireland; and that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful, from and after the Commencement of, and during the Continuance of, such respective Duties, but no longer, to export any such Iron or Iron Wares from the said Kingdom of Ireland directly to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any Settlement belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, in any Ship or Vessel that may lawfully trade thither, subject to the Regulations herein before mentioned \ any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bounty or Premium shall be granted or allowed in Ireland, on the Exportation of such Iron or Iron Wares from jnjrcianaon thence to the said British Colonies or Plantations, or to any Settlement belonging to Great Britain on the the Exportation Coast of Africa; then, and in such Case, the Liberty herein-before given to export such Iron and Iron of such iron or Wares thither directly from Ireland, shall, during the Continuance ofluch Bounty or Premium, cease and determine; and such Iron and Iron Wares shall, in all Respects, be subject to the like Restrictions and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Goods were and would be liable to if this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cotton Manufactures of any Kind, whether mixed or unmixed, shall be permitted to be exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland to any of the Places aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons exporting the same shall produce and deliver a Certificate properly authenticated from the Custom-house of some Port or Ports in Great Britain, particularizing the Quantities, Kinds, and Marks, of such Cotton Manufactures, and specifying that such Goods have been legally exported from Great Britain: And in case any Cotton Manufadu res'shall be offered to be exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland to any of the Places aforesaid, without such Certificate, or which on Examination shall not correspond with the Marks, Numbers, and Descriptions^ contained in such Certificate, all such Manufactures shall be forfeited and seized, and appropriated, one, Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and fenacted, That the Liberty hereby granted of.exporting Goods and Merchandize, the Manufacture of Ireland, %o the Places herein-before mentioned, shall not take place except in such Cases as the said Goods and Merchandize now do, or hereafter shall, Hand chargeable and pay Duties and Taxes to as great an Amount as Goods and Merchandize of the same Denomination 2nd Quality exported from Great Britain to Cuch Places, now Hand chargeable with (whether the said Charges be on the Importation of the Materials of which the said Goods and Merchandize lare made, or by Duties on the Exportation of the same, or by Inland Excise not drawn back or compensated for by Bounties).

VIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the fifteenth. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intitu- led. An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British

Dominions in Europe; and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof at the tlnd of the Fifing Season); it is amongst other Things provided and Ca°*

enacted, That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Ship or Vessel employed as therein mentioned,

by virtue of the said or any former Act of Parliament, unless the whole and entire Property of such Ship or Vessel shall belong to some of his Majesty *s Subjects residing in that Part of his Majesty's Dominions

from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be respectively fitted and cleared out: And whereas by another Act, andj$ Geo. III. 4 made in the sixteen th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Eh- CaP*42*

couragement of the IVkale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the T/fom/^/'Newfoundland);

it is amongst other Things provided and enacted, That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Ship which, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, shall be Acted out and employed in the Whale Fishery, in pursuance of the said Act, unless the whole and entire Property of such Ship or Vessel shall belong to some of his Majesty's Subjects residing in that Part of his Majesty's Dominions from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be respectively fitted and cleared out; which said

Provisoes have been found prejudicial, inasmuch as they prevent any Co-partnership between his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and his Majesty's Subjects residing in Ireland, for carrying on the said Fisheries ;* be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bounties shall The Boumfeiiw and may be allowed and paid for any Ship or Vessel, being the Property of his Majesty's Subjects residing the recited aG* in Great Britain or Ireland, employed in the said Whale Fisheries* which, from and after the twenty-fourth mentioned (halt Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall be fitted and cleared out from any Port ia y g?’4 [®re*j1 Great Britain or Ireland, pursuant to the Directions of those Acts, or any other Act of Parliament now in peny oVhis M^ Force, ^though the whole and entire Property of such Ship or Vessel shall not belong to some of his Majesty's subject

jesty rS *n Great

4 #f feelaodr

If any Bounty shall he granted in Ireland on

Iron Wares, then the Liberty granted by this Act to cease, See,

No Cotton Manufactures to be exported from Ireland to America, dec. with-outa proper Certificate from some Custom-, house in Great Britain; on Forfeiture of the Goods.

The Liberty hereby gran tel of exporting Irish Manufactures, Arc. not to take place till Dutiei are laid thereon equivalent to those on the same Manufactures, &c. in Great Britain.

Recital of 15 Geo. III.

31*

2^4 C. 56 - 58. Anno dectmo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

jesty’s Subjects reftdirg in that Part of his Majesty's Dominions) from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be fitted and cleared out; any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding. i V^ail'sht’*

IX. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the

}yu\i ‘m Ireland*, twenty-fourth Day of June) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, all Ships and Vessels what-and owned by ’ soever huilt in Ireland, and owned by his Majesty's Subjects residing in any Part of the British Dominions his Majesty's in Europe, shall be deemed British-buWt, and shall be intitled to the like Privileges and Advantages in all Turcptan Sub. Respects as Ships built in Great Britain; and all Ships and Vessels belonging to any of his Majesty's Sub-dVemUVrhrti- jf&s reding ,n Ireland\ and not British-built, shall be intitled to the same Privileges and Advantages in built, &c. " Parts of his Majesty's Dominions as Ships belonging to his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain,

and not British or Irish built, are intitled t6. t,

CAP. LVI.

An Act to permit the Importation of Cotton-yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom Duty-free.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Act 12 Car, II. intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Moneys payable cciled« upon fylerchandize exported and imported^ a Duty was imposed upon all Cotton-yarn imported into England: And whereas it is expedient that Cotton-yarn, of the Manufacture of Ireland, should be imported into Great Britain Duiy-free be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pur-Afrrr j-inc 14, Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of ,«r7n' of°theft* €June,> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, no Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or other Imposition M»nuf*aurc of whatsoever, shall be demanded, received, or taken, upon any Cotton-yarn of the Manufacture of Ireland) Ireland, maybe which shall be imported directly from thence into Great Britain; provided the Master, or Person having

tmpoited into the Charge of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall bring with him a Certificate or Certificates

Great Britain from the Chief Officer or Officers of the Port or Place in Ireland where such Goods shall be put on Hoard, the^C exPre^ng Marks, Number, Tale, or Weight, of the Goods in each Bale or Package mentioned in VefleYbringing the Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Ex-v/ith him a pro- porters from Ireland) and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of such other Person or Persons per Certificate. that shall have sworn the Goods therein mentioned to have been bona fide of she Manufacture of Ireland, frofn\theO/ficert without Fraud or Covin, and where and to whom the same are consigned in this Kingdom; and the Master, where the Gooda or P*rf°n having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which such Cotton-yarn shall be imported, shall also, vere'put on upon his Arrival, make Oath, before the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the

Bond, fee. Port of Importation (which Oath such Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, Is and are hereby respectively authorised to administer), that the said Bales, Parcels, and Goods therein contained, are the same Bales, Parcels, and Goods, which were taken on Board, by virtue of the said Certificate or Certificates so to be produced $ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight. 500,000l.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

Act Geo. III. recited.

Certain Affidavits were to be delivered to the Collector, See* by all Per font flapping any Sugars or Fancies, See, in the British Colonies in America.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (imituled, 1 An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing) amending) and making perpetual, an Act paJJ'ed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's sugar Colonies in Americafor applying the Produce of such Duties) and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act) towards defraying the Expences of defending) protecting) and securing, the said Co- ionics and Plantations; for explaining an Act) made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second) intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eojlland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Expects from this Kingdom) and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance oj' Goods to and from the said Co- ionics and Plantations) and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain), it was amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the twenty-nipth Day of September) one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, every Person or Persons, loading on board any Ship or Vessel, in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America) any Rum or Spirits, Sugars or Paneles, Melasses or Syrups, as of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation, should, be- fore the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, produce and deliver to the Collector; or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the loading Port, an Affidavit to prove the said Rum or Spirits, Sugars or Paneles, Melasses or Syrups, to be the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said Colonies or Plantations,

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 285

in the Manner directed by the said Act 5 and that such Collector, or other principal Officers of the Customs, should, within thirty Days after the failing of the Ship or Vessl, transmit an exact Copy of the said Affidavit to the Secretary’s Office for the respective Colony or Plantation where the Goods were shipped, on Forfeiture of five Pounds, to be recovered in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas by another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so After Mafcb u 4 much of the said Act as related to Mclades or Syrups hr.s been repealed: And whereas the Kelt fictions and Regulations, prescribed by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, have w[thi«C"

been found inefficient to prevent the Importation of Foreign Sugar and Paneles into this Kingdom thirty Days affor Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s ter ^il.ng of the most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and tr^n'c-.it

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and Tter Affidavit to the the first Day of ALarch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Collector, or other principal* ScC'.tary* or Officer of the Cudoms, to whom such Affidavit shall be produced and delivered, shall (without Fee or fne for the Co-Reward), within thirty Days after the failing of the Ship or Vessel, transmit one exact Copy of the said lory; and ano-Affidavir, to the Secretary’s Office, for the respective Colony or Plantation where the Sugar or Paneles, referred to in the said Affidavit, were shipped; and shall also, within the like Spice of thirty Days tram- ,1^ p^Hih wiicre mit another exact Copy of such Affidavit to the Justices and Vestry of the Parish and Parishes, Piccinft the ug.rgrrw, or Precincts, where the Lid Sugar or Paneles grew, or were produced and manufactured, on the Penalty &c. on I’cna.ty of forfeiting fifty Pounds for every such Omission and Neglect of 5°*-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Justice of the Peace of the Penalty on Jjf-said Colonies or Plantations shall, from and after the said first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred *Kes Ar~ and seventy-nine, subscribe his Name to any Paper or Parchment Writing, purporting to be an Affidavit thrv^rcproperly for the Purpose directed by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, unlvfs the au7ienu fated. 7 Person or Persons, purporting to make such Affidavit, fhaHactually appear before him, and tie sworn

upon the Holy Evangelists to the Truth of the said Affidavit, that then, and in every such Case, every such Justice of the Peace shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fi d Day of Af er March i,.

March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Sugar or Paneles shall be imported in o 1779. SuMr or Great Britain, from any British Colony or Plantation ia America, without, or shall not be included in, ^7777 reat^" the Certificate required in and by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Britan from A-that then, and in either such Case, all such Sugar and Paneles shall be deemed and taken to be foreign meru», without Sugar and Paneles, and shall be liable to the same Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and For- proper cernfi. feitures, in all Respects; as Sugars and Paneles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any French ",c* ^J1 W Colony or Plantation would be respectively liable to by Law; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Sij* 17

Law, Usage or Cudom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties to be

several Penalties herein-before mentioned shall be sued for, had, recovered, didiibuted, and disposed of, for», Vc* in in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the several Penalties mentioned in the said before-mentioned Act, of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are in and by the said Act ^JnrVoncJ in directed to be sued for, had, recovered, didiibuted, and disposed of »be bcit-rc-re-

cited Act*

CAP. LIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the railing; and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is of the utmod Importance to the internal Defence of this Country, in Times

of War and Danger of Invasion, that the Militia should be kept up as complete as possible: And whereas by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to Act Geo. III. explain, amend\ and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the rai/ing recited,

and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is (amongst other Things;

enacted, That all such Militia Men, whose Times of Service in the Militia shall be near expiring,

during the Time the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in which they served, dull be embodied and absent from the County, Riding, or Place, to which they belong, shall be returned, by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to the County, Riding, or Place, for which they serve, so as that they may reach the said County by the Expiration of their Term; but no Provision is made for the immediate Supply of others in the Place of such Militia Men so returned as aforesaid, the Want of which, in actual Invasion, or immediate Danger thereof,

might be of the utmost Detriment to the public Safety: And whereas it would not only greatly promote the public Service, but be of much Ease and Advantage also to such Persons as may be cholcn by Lot for such Corps of Militia as may be at a Distance from Home, and to others, who may be willing to serve as Substitutes for the same, if such Persons, whose Times shall be near expiring, weie to be engaged to continue as Substitutes for such as may be chosen by Lot, as aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That DIre&ions for whenever any Corps of Militia shall be embodied and absent from the County, Riding, or Place, to which Commanding

it Officer,

286

the Militia is embodied, and at a Distance* from Home.

Lift of Private Men willing to renew their Service, to be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meeting 3

who shall traaf-xnit Duplicates to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings;

Seven Days after which, Subdivision Meetings shall be held.,

Business to be done at those Meetings.

JtjfKce to administer the Oath to Militia Men, and to certify the lajftCr

form of Certifi-

C. 59. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Corps shall apply to every Man whose Time shall be within four Months of expiring, and who in his Judgment shall be fit to serve, and inquire if he be willing to continue his Service for a further Term of three Years, and for what Sum or Price he shall be so willing to continue it, if required; and also that the Commanding Officer of ^very Corps, during such Time as the same shall be embodied, and at a Distance from Home, as aforesaid, shall, on the first Day of January, March, May, July, September, and November, respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or Riding to which his Corps shall belong, a List of all such Private Militia Men in the said Corps, whom, upon Application made as aforesaid, he shall find willing to renew their Service as aforesaid; in which List mall likewise be set down the Sum for which he shall be so willing to renew and continue his Service as aforesaid; which List shall be signed by the Militia Men so consenting as aforesaid, and be made in the following Form:

Dated the Day of

Name of the County. Namet of the Men actually serving. If Substitutes, for whom they serve. OfthePa-rish of In the Hundred of Time of his Service expires on the Engages to serve 3 Years longer, if required, for the Sum of Signature of Consent.

A.B. C.D. P. H. A.B.

E.F. j- E.F.

G. K. L. M. R. N. V _ G. K.

And that such Signature as aforesaid shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, on the Person so signing as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the General Meeting shall transmit to each Clerk of the several Subdivision Meetings respectively. Duplicates or Copies of such Parts of the said Lists as contain the Names of such Persons as serve for the Parishes, Townships, or Places, within such respective Subdivisions; and the Clerk of each Subdivision Meeting respectively shall, on Receipt thereof, forthwith give seven Days Notice for a Subdivision Meeting to be held, at which the whole Number, whose Times shall expire within four Months of the Date of the said Lists, shall be chosen by Lot, or otherwise supplied, according to the Statutes in that Case made and provided; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices present at the Subdivision Meeting, when the Men so chosen shall attend to be (worn and enrolled, shall acquaint each Man who shall be chosen for any Parish, Township, or Place,* in the said Subdivision, if there be any of those who are at that Time serving for the same, who are willing to continue his or their Service as Substitute or Substitutes for the next three Years, after the Expiration of his or their present Term of Service, and also with the Price or Prices for which he or they are willing so to continue the same; and the Person or Persons chosen as aforesaid shall declare whether he or they be willing to give the Prices which shall appear, by the Lists aforesaid, to be agreed to be taken by the Pep-fons then (erving, who shall have signed their Consents as above directed; and such Persons as are willing ib to give the Sums so set down as aforesaid, shall signify their Consent thereto, and shall forthwith pay, into the Hands of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, such Sum or Sums as (land respectively in the said Lists against the Names so subscribed as aforesaid; which Sum or Sums of Money shall be, by the rani Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, remitted to the Commanding Officer of the Corps of Militia, and be by him paid to such Persons respectively as shall have engaged to serve as above mentioned, who, on the Receipt thereof, shall be sworn and inrolled as is herein after directed: And that it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Division, or Place, where such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall happen to be, to administer the Oath to every such Militia Man; and such Justice is hereby required to certify such Oath, under his Hand and Seal, to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, according to the Form herein after directed; which Certificate shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Person so sworn had been inrolled.

Form of CERTIFICATE.

shire, 1 c Ai B. of the Parish of G. in the County of D. hired as a Substitute to serve in the Militia to vjit. J for E. F. of the Parish of G. in the County of H. came this Day before me /. K. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of and took and

f subscribed the following Oath j tAdelicet%

i VI A.B.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 287

T A\ B. do sincerely promiseand swear, That I will be f*aithfu! and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

A King George, his Heirs and Successors; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faith—

fully serve in the Militia within the Kingdom of Great Britain for the Defence of the same, during the Time which I am so certified (0, unless I am sooner discharged.

4 1So help me GOD.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Counties where the Number of Men is sufficient to form two Companies only, the eldest Captain shall rank as Major, but shall only be intitled to the Pay of Captain; and no Clerk shall be allowed where the Number of Men is sufficient to form only one or two Companies, but the Receiver-general shall pay the Money necessary for such Number of Men to the Commanding Officer of such Company or Companies, who shall account with him for the same.

IV. And whereas, by the Laws now in being for raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England^ it is provided that the Acceptance of a Commission in the said Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament: And whereas his Majesty has thought proper, for the more effectual Protection and internal Defence of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to» dire ft that sensible Men, in several of the Shires in that Part of the United Kingdom,

should be forthwith raised and embodied: And whereas Officers, serving in any of the said Corps of sensible Men, will not, by virtue of such Service, be intitled to receive Half-pay, or to have any Rank in the Army, after the said Corps shall be dismissed and disembodied, but will be similar to, and as near 4 ‘as may be on the same Footing with, Officers serving in the Militia of England: And whereas his Majesty may think proper to grant Commissions to Officers to raise Corps for the Defence of this Country,

the Officers of which Corps may likewise not be intitled to receive Half-pay, or to hold any Rank in the Army, after the said Corps shall be reduced and disembodied be it enacted and declared, That the Acceptance of a Commission in any Corps of sensible Men, raised or to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other Corps which his Majesty may authorise and direct to be raised in any Part of Great Britain, in which the Officers shall not be intitled to Half-pay, or to any Rank in the Army, after the Reduction of the said Corps, shall not, nor shall be construed to vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

V. And whereas it is necessary to ascertain the Rank to be held by the Officers of certain Corps raised, or to be raised, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, called Fencible Men, or of any other 4 'Corps of Men which may be raised within Great Britain, wherein such Officers shall not be intitled to

Rank or Half-pay, except during the Time of the actual Service of such Corps, with respect to the c Officers of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, during the Time that the Officers of such Corps, and of the Militia, shall serve together / be it therefore wasted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of such Corps and of the Militia, of equal Degree, shall rank according to the Date of their respective Commissions.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Battalion of Militia is commanded by a Lieutenant Colonel, who shall have been Commandant of the same for five Years or longer, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong, with the Consent of his Majesty, to give to such Lieutenant Colonel Commandant a Commission of Colonel, any Thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no PersonTerving as Quarter-xriafter, Surgeon, or Battalion Clerk, in the Militia, shall, from the Time of passing this Act, be appointed to any other Commission in the Militia, higher than that of a Lieutenant, during the Time he acts as such, though he should have such Qualification as the Law requires for such higher Commission.

VIII. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, should be ordered out into actual Service, it should and might be lawful for the Captain of any Company of Militia to augment his Company, by incorporating, with the Consent of his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, with the Consent of two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, any Number of Persons who should offer themselves as Volunteers, and who should appear to him to be sufficiently trained and disciplined, and provided with proper Clothes, Arms, and Accoutrements, and who should take the Oath, and perform

the other Acts therein prescribed ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer, with the Consent of his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, with the Consent of any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, to accept a Number of Volunteers to serve in the said Militia, either to be incorporated into the other Companies, or to be formed into a distinct Company, in which latter Case Commissions may be granted by his Majesty's Lieutenant to Officers legally qualified to command the same.

IX. Provided always, That the Number of Volunteers in any Battalion shall not exceed the Number of Men contained in any one Company of the said Battalion; and though such Volunteers should not be provided with proper Clothes, Arms, and Accoutrements, upon the Representation of his Majesty's Lieutenant, or of two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, such Volunteers shall have the same Allowance, with regard to Pay, Arms, Clothes, and Accoutrements, as Militia Men are by Law intitled to, during the Time of their continuing in actual Service.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is intitled to Half-pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay, during the Time he shall serve as a Lieutenant or Ensign in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, but that the same (halt nevertheless continue; and, instead of the Oath now appointed, such Officer shall take the following Oath:

P p 1 "I A.B.

In Counties

where there arc

only two com-

panirs, the rl-

dert Captain to

rank at Major,

&c,

Acceptance of a Commiflljn in any Corps ef sensible Men raised, or to be raised, in Great Britain, in which the*Officers shall not be intitled to Halfpay, &c. on Reduction thereof, shall not vacate a beat in Parti* menu

Officers in new- raised Corps of Fencible Men, and Militia Officers, to rank according to Seniority.

LoTdLieutenant, in certain cases, may give a Colonel's Commission to a Lieutenant Colonel.

Ho Quarter-rr after, Surgeon, or Battalion Clerk, to be promoted higher than a Lieutenant.

Commanding Officer, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, tec. may accept of Volunteers, to be incorporated into the other Compact *s, or to form a diflinlt Company. Number of Volunteers in any Battalion rot to exceed the Num-ber of Men in one Company of the same, dec. Officer* inti led to Half-pay, not to forfeit the fa ne by serving Lieu ten* nil or Ensigns in the Militia.

288

Oath to bt t*k*n by such Officers.

WVen ?i

on af to^l S«r-viff, two Deputy Lieutenants, &c. shall }. *v !- lame JV'tvers at Meet-j ij as are i i m three Deou'y Lieutenants, &c. by the recited Act.

Explanation of the recited Act in relation to Miiina Men who shall abfeend or desert.

Substitutes deferring, shall, heftdes fullering Military Pu. rishment, serve three Years from the Day of their Apprehen-iron.

When any Militia Man deserts, Commanding Officer to certify the same to the Deputy Lieutenants, &c. who shall hold a Sut> division Meet- # inp, and *» ilot for another Person to serve in his Room.

Persons balfotted pretending to be Qn tkrrs, n uft produce a Certificate thereof, figr.ed by t ao reputable House-keepers of that Persuasion,

Persons employ, ed m His Majesty's Dock-yards nor hanlc to serve as Militia Men;

C. 59. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

I A.B. do swear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment

4 A of Profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in late Regiment of (or Allowance as

in late Troop of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced), save and except my Pay as a Lieutenant or Ensign (as the Case may be) for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the fai4 Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Uftige, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Meeting for any County, City, or Town, wh fe Militia shall be at that Time on actual Service, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants of such County, City, or Town, or for any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any one Justice of the Peace of such County, to have and exercise all the Powers conferred, by the said recited Act, with respect to the Militia, on iTiy three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, of any County at large, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, and Justice of the Peace or Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, shall have a Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they shall see proper.

XII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Principal or Substitute, duly sworn and norolled, according to the Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, who shall neglect to join the Corps to which he belongs, or who after having joined it shall desert or absent himself from his Duty in the same, before the*Expiration of the Term for which he was so sworn and inrolled, can be taken up and punished according to Law, after the Expiration of the three Years for which he was so engaged and sworn/ it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, That every Principal, Substitute* and Volunteer, shall faithfully perform his three Years Service; and if he shall abscond or desert, or absent himself from his Duty in the same, before the Expiration of the Time for which he was inrolled* whenever he is taken, he shall be subject to be punished for such Default or Desertion, and shall be obliged to complete the Remainder of his three Years Service as was unexpired at the Time of such his Default or Desertion.

XIII. And whereas several Persons have made a Practice of taking Money to serve, and have deserted- and the pecuniary Penalty on such Persons in general cannot be levied for want of Substance, and the Alternative of six Months Imprisonment, in the common Gaol of the County to which they belong, ten s not only to corrupt instead of amending their Morals, but is a Loss to the Public as well as to their Families, and also a great Expence to such Parish as is by Law obliged to support such Families / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Substitute, sworn and inrolled after passing this Act, who shall desert, whenever he shall be taken, over and above such Military Punishment as shall be inflicted on him, shall serve for and during the Space of three Years, to be computed from the Day on which he was apprehended; and the Commanding Officer shall order Notice to be given, to the Clerk of the Subdivision in which he is engaged to serve, of his Desertion, and the Time of his Apprehension* that he may make a frdh Entry of his Name in the Roll of the Men to serve for such Parish, for three Years from the Time of his Apprehension, as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Principal, Substitute, or Volunteer, shall abscond, desert, or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken in the Space of three Months, that then, upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace of the Hundred or Division for which such Person so absconding, deserting, or absenting himself, was so chosen by Lot, hired, or feived as Substitute or Volunteer; and such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned to the Regiment, in the Room of such Person so having absconded, deserted, or absented himself; and in case such Absentee shall at any Time return or betaken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall be so chosen to serve in his Room, be compelled to serve out the Remainder of his Time, as herein before directed.

XV. And whereas, in order to evade the Provisions already made by the Laws now in being concerning the raising of the Militia, Persons may pretend to be Quakers who are not actually of that Perr 4 fu/ifion,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when the Lot shall have fallen on any one being, or pretending to be, one of the People called Quakers^ no M.>n shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a Quaker within the Meaning of the said recited Act, of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, unless he produces, before the Deputy Lieutenant and Justict-s of the Peace their Subdivision Meeting, a Certificate, under the Hand of two or more reputable Housekeepers of the People called Quakers, acknowledging him to be one of their Persuasion.

XVI. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons employed in his Majesty's Dock-yards are by the said recited Act, made in <hc second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, liable to serve, by themselves or Subftrutes, as Militia Men / for obviating such Doubts, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons a uially employed or muttered in his Majesty's Dock-yards shall be compelled to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 289

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person actually employed and mustered in his nor thofeem-

Majesty's Service at the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun-wharfs at Portsmouth, Plored Chatham, Sheerness, and Plymouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Store- Majesty%sS«r-houses belonging to his Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, shall be compelled to TowerVwool-serve personally or find a Substitute in the Militia; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary not- wich Warren, withstanding. the Gun-whsrfs

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall have faithfully served

as a Serjeant in any one Corps of Militia for fifteen Years, and who shall be discharged from the same, J^e ftr?e4 on account of his Age 0/ Infirmities, during the Time the Corps in which he served shall be in actual fifatcen ycarl in Service, shall, on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the said Corps, and the Lord any one Corps of Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the said Corps be- Militia, and dif-longs, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant, by the Commanding Of- charged ac-ficer and three Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the said Corps belongs, be entitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be capable to be placed on the Pension of Five-pence tjti’ed to per Diem, if the said Board shall judge him deserving thereof. nation at the

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person being a Serjeant on the Establish- Chelsea Board,

ment of Chelsea Hospital, at an Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in any *c:

Corps of Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, together with his En^wwnt of Pay from the said Corps of Militia; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. chelsea Hospital at is. a Day,

being appointed to serve in the Militia, shall receive the said Allowance, together with their Pay in the Militia,

XX. And be it enacted, That any Serjeant of Militia (who shall, by the Commanding Officer of his Serjeants of Mi-Regiment, or by the Sentence of a Court-martial, be found guilty of misbehaving himself as such, and Htia, who, for to have deserved being reduced into the Ranks) shall, besides any Punishment so to be inflicted by the Misbehaviour, Court-martial, be obliged to serve in the Regiment to which he belongs as a private Militia Man for the JJ^Renk* *° Space of one Year from the Time of his being so reduced into the Ranks, notwithstanding he may have shall be obliged already served three Years before his being appointed a Serjeant. - to serve a Year

therein, notwithstanding they may have already served three Years.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Counties where the Number of Men ^re sufficient to form four Companies, but are not sufficient to form a Regiment, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Lieutenant to appoint two Persons legally qualified to serve without Pay as Field Officers in such Battalion, with the same Rank as if the Number were sufficient to form a Regiment.

XXII. And whereas the several Militia Acts do not sufficiently explain how far any Person, chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, shall be compellable to serve, if he has removed from the Place wherein his Name was inferred in the List before he was so chosen by Lot: And whereas many Impediments and Delays have arisen to the Militia Service from such Uncertainty, and from the different Opinions which prevail among the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respecting this Question; and Servants and unmarried Men have availed themselves of these Doubts, and have frequently changed their Places of Abode on Purpose to avoid the Service, ,by which Means the Lots usually fall on married Men, and the Burthen thereby becomes unequal ;9 be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, shall be liable to such Service, notwithstanding such Removal.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case three Deputy Lieutenants shall not attend at any Annual or other General Meeting appointed, by virtue of the several Laws now in Force for raising and training the Militia, for any County, Riding, or Place, that two or one Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenant attending at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn such Meeting to any other Time, and to any Place in such County, Riding, or Place; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for such Meeting, that then the Clerk of the General Meetings, or his Deputy then and there attending, shall and may adjourn such Meeting to any other Time, and to any Place, in such County, Riding, or Place.

XXIV. And whereas the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the Parishes to which they belong;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That One half of the Allowance made to such Families shall be reimbursed to the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish, Tithing, or Township, where the Family of any such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, shall become chargeable, by the Treasurrr of the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Parish, Tithing, or Township, shall lie; and the Account of the said Overseer and Overseers, verified on Oath before a Justice of the Peace within the County,* Riding, or Place, in which the Family of such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, shall be chargeable, and counterfigred by a Justice of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the said Treasurer for the Payment of such Sum.

XXV. Provided always, That any Relief which shall be given to the Family of any Militia Man, during the Time of actual Service, shall not deprive such Militia Man from voting for the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

XXVI. And whereas the Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrate?, and Justices of the Peace, in several Counties, Cities, and Places, where the Militia have been raised, have in some instances pro- ceeded tochufe by Lot, and to swear in Militia Men and Substitutes for such respective Counties, Cities, and Places, previous to the Times at which the same ought to have been done pursuant to the Provisions contained in the Militia Law* now in being;9 be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proceedings

In certain Counties, Lord Lieutenant may appoint two Field Officers without Pay, See,

Every Person chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, shall be liable thereto, notwithstanding he may have changed the Place of his Abode.

If three Deputy Lieutenants fl>ali n';t attend at any General Meeting, the same to be adjouracdL

When the Families of Substitutes.Ac. become chargeable to their Parishrs, Half the Ea-pence? shall be rein but fed to the Ovrtfeers by the Treasurer of the County, Arc,

Protifo,

Deputy Lieutenant 1, &c. indemnified for having sworn ill Militia Men, &c. previous to the Tubs* »p-

ing$ toe limes »p-

290 C. 60. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

pointed for that Purpose.

Proceedings of the said Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby declared valid and effectual; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby respectively indemnified for such their Proceedings.

[All Militia Officers above the Rank, of Lieutenant, to deliver in their Qualifications within six Months after the passing of this Act, or after accepting their Commissions, otherwise such Commissions to be void.]

The Benefits, &c. granted to Justices by an Act of 24 Geo. II. extended to Lieutenants, &c. acting in Execution of Militia Laws.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person holding, or hereafter accepting a Commission in the Militia of a higher Rank than that of Lieutenant, not having already delivered in his Qualification, who shall neglect to deliver in, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, in and for which he is or shall be appointed, a specific Description of his Qualification, in Writing, signed by himself, within six Months after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of six Months from the Time of his accepting of such Commission as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared incapable of holding the same, and the said Commission is hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVIII. And whereas an Act was made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office \ and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants): And whereas it is necessary to extend the Provisions of the said Act to this Act, with respect to Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants p be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenant, acting in the Execution of the Militia Laws, shall be intitled to all the Benefits and Protections by the said Act granted to such Justices of the Peace.

---

CAP. LX.

An Act for relieving his Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Provisions in an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third,'

[Act 11 and 12 Gul. III.]

'intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, whereby certain Penalties and Disabilities are imposed on Persons professing the Popish Religion;' may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Certain Clauses in the said Act, relating to the prosecuting Popish Bishops, &c.; and imprisoning for Life Papists who keep Schools; and disabling Papists to inherit Lands by Descent, &c. in England or Wales, &c. &c.]

That so much of the said Act as relates to the apprehending, taking, or prosecuting, of Popish Bishops, Priests, or Jesuits; and also so much of the said Act as subjects Popish Bishops, Priests, or Jesuits, and Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, and keeping School, or taking upon themselves the Education or Government or Boarding of Youth, within this Realm, or the Dominions thereto belonging, to perpetual Imprisonment; and also so much of the said Act as disables Persons educated in the Popish Religion, or professing the same, under the Circumstances therein mentioned, to inherit or take by Descent, Devise, or Limitation, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and gives to the next of Kin, being a Protestant, a Right to have and enjoy such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and also so much of the said Act as disables Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, to purchase any Manors, Lands, Profits out of Lands, Tenements, Rents, Terms, on Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and makes void all and singular Estates, Terms, and other Interests or Profits whatsoever out of Lands, to be made, suffered, or done, from and after the Day therein mentioned, to or for the Use or Behoof of any such Person or Persons, or upon any Trust or Confidence, mediately or immediately, for the Relief of any such Person or Persons;

[repealed.]

shall be, and the same, and every Clause and Matter and Thing herein-before mentioned, is and are hereby repealed.

[Persons having or claiming any Lands, &c. under Titles not hitherto litigated, shall hold the same, notwithstanding the said Act.]

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons having or claiming any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under Titles not hitherto litigated, though derived from any Descent, Devise, Limitation, or Purchase, shall have, take, hold, and enjoy the same, as if the said Act, or any Thing therein contained, had not been made; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[This Act not to affect any Action now depending, &c.; nor to extend to any Person who shall not, within six Months after passing this Act, or coming of Age, &c. take the following Oath.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to affect any Action or Suit now depending, which shall be prosecuted with Effect, and without Delay.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person or Persons but such who shall, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or of accruing of his, her, or their Title, being of the Age of twenty-one Years, or who, being under the Age of twenty-one Years, shall, within six Months after he or she shall attain the Age of twenty-one Years, or being of unsound Mind, or in Prison, or beyond the Seas, then within six Months after such Disability removed, take and subscribe an Oath in the Words following:

[The Oath.]

'I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, and him will defend, to the utmost of my Power, against all Conspiracies and Attempts whatever that shall be made against his Person, Crown, or Dignity; and will do my'

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 61. 291

'utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Treasons and traiterous Conspiracies which may be formed against him or them; and I do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the utmost of my Power, the Succession of the Crown in his Majesty's Family, against any Person or Persons whatsoever; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any Obedience or Allegiance unto the Person taking upon himself the Stile and Title of Prince of Wales, in the Lifetime of his Father, and who, since his Death, is said to have assumed the Stile and Title of King of Great Britain, by the Name of Charles the Third, and to any other Person claiming or pretending a Right to the Crown of these Realms; and I do swear, that I do reject and detest, as an unchristian and impious Position, That it is lawful to murder or destroy any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or under Pretence of their being Heretics; and also that unchristian and impious Principle, That no Faith is to be kept with Heretics: I further declare, that it is no Article of my Faith, and that I do renounce, reject, and abjure, the Opinion, That Princes excommunicated by the Pope and Council, or by any Authority of the See of Rome, or by any Authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any Person whatsoever: And I do declare, that I do not believe that the Pope of Rome, or any other foreign Prince, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, any temporal or civil Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, or Pre-eminence, directly or indirectly, within this Realm. And I do Solemnly, in the Presence of God, profess, testify, and declare. That I do make this Declaration, and every Part thereof, in the plain and ordinary sense of the Words of this Oath; without any Evasion, Equivocation, or mental Reservation whatever, and without any Dispensation already granted by the rope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or any Person whatever; and without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof, although the Pope, or any other Persons or Authority whatsoever, shall dispense with or annul the same, or declare that it was null or void.'

[Court of Chancery, Courts of Record at Westminster, Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, &c. may administer the Oath.]

Which Oath it shall be competent to his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or to any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, the Courts of Great Sessions within the Principality of Wales and County Palatine of Chester, the Courts of Chancery or Common Pleas within the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, or to any Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of any County, Riding, Liberty, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in the Kingdom of England, or in the Principality of Wales, to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same accordingly:

[A Register to be kept of the taking and subscribing the same.]

Of the taking and subscribing of which Oaths a Register shall be kept and preserved, in the Manner prescribed by the Laws now in being requiring Oaths from Persons taking Offices or Employments.

[This Act not to extend to any Popish Bishop, &c. who shall not have taken the said Oath before he was apprehended, &c.]

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Popish Bishop, Priest, Jesuit, or Schoolmaster, who shall not have taken and subscribed the above Oath in the above Words before he shall have been apprehended or any Prosecution commenced against him.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for repealing certain Provisions in two Acts made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; one intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the other intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for vesting such as remain unfold by the present Trustees in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such Uses as the same were before vested in the said Trustees, and for the more effectual selling and setting the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several Acts relative to the Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond Everard.

[Preamble. Recital of an Act of 1 Anne, Sess. 1. 32.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the first Session of the first Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, it is enacted, That all Dispositions and Sales of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Estates and Interests, therein mentioned, which had been then sold or contracted for, or should be thereafter sold, by the Trustees therein mentioned, should be made to Protestants only; and that every Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, should be disabled and made incapable to take any Part thereof, or any Interest in or out of the same; and that all Conveyances and Declarations of Trust to any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, concerning the same, should be void and of none Effect; and that no such Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, during his continuing to be such, should be capable to inherit, take, or make Title to, by Descent, Purchase, Limitation, Devise, or other Conveyance, or to have, hold, or enjoy, any of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Estates or Interests, or any Trust or Interest therein; and that if any Person professing the Popish Religion, or educated in the same, and not having solemnly and publickly renounced it, being of full Age, shall not, within the Space of six Months after the accruing of his or her Title, or, being under the Age of eighteen Years, shall not, within six Months after he or she shall attain the Age aforesaid, take the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy, and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act mentioned, and continue to be a Protestant, every such Person shall be disabled to inherit or take by Descent, Devise, or Limitation, or Purchase, any of the said Estates or Interests, or any Trust or Interest in or out of the same; but that, during the Life of such Person, or till his Conformity, the next of his Kindred who shall be a Protestant shall have and enjoy the Premises, without being accountable for the Profits; and that all Leases'

292 C. 62, 63. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

'for Lives or Years, or otherwise, to be made of any of the said Premises, shall be made to such Persons only as are of the Protestant Religion: And if any such Lease shall be made to, or in Trust for, any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion; or if any such Lease be made to a Protestant, and the same shall be afterwards assigned to, or in Trust for, a Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, every such Lease and Alignment shall be void, and the Person making such Lease or Assignment, and the Person to whom, or for whole Use or Benefit, the same shall be made (in case of Acceptance), shall forfeit treble the full Value of the said Lands so assigned and accepted:

[Which was further inforced by an Act of the same Year, Sess. 2.]

And whereas the said several Prohibitions and Penalties were re-enacted and further enforced, by an Act passed in the second Session of the first Year of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for vesting such as remain unsold by the present Trustees in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such Uses as the same were before vested in the said Trustees; and for the more effectual selling and setting the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several Acts relative to the Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond Everard:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The recited Acts in Part repealed.]

That the said herein-recited Acts, passed in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, so far as they prohibit, disqualify, or disable any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, Property, or Demand, of, to, or in, any of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, or Interests, in the said Acts mentioned; or which inflict any Penalty on the Person making or accepting any Interest in the same, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be repealed, and cease and be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

[Continued till June 1, 1779.]

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for enabling Trustees under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into Execution, notwithstanding they may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls for Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or Soldiers on Duty.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it has happened, and may hereafter happen, that the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by Act of Parliament, for amending or repairing particular turnpike Roads, have omitted, or may omit, to meet or adjourn in the Manner directed by such Acts respectively, or that the Day or Days, appointed for the First Meeting of the Trustees, has or have elapsed, or may elapse, before the passing of such Acts respectively, whereby the Intent of such respective Acts hath been or may be frustrated;' for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[In case the Trustees under any Act for repairing Turnpike Roads shall neglect to meet on the Day appointed, &c. any five Trustees may appoint a Meeting.]

---

Carriages and Cattle employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of Officers or Soldiers on their March,

That in all Cases where the Trustees, appointed, or to be appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, made or to be made, for amending or repairing any particular Turnpike Roads, shall not have met, or shall not meet, on the Day or Days appointed, or to be appointed, for their First Meeting, by any such Act or Acts respectively, or on any Day or Days appointed, or to be appointed, by Adjournment, for their Meeting, or have not adjourned, or shall not adjourn, in the Manner directed by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, or when the Day appointed, or to be appointed, for the First Meeting of the Trustees, has elapsed, or may elapse, before the passing of such Act or Acts; it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of the Trustees appointed to execute such Ad pr Acts respectively, in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, to cause Notice, under their Hands, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected on such Roads respectively; or, if no Turnpike Gate shall be then erected, to cause the like Notice to be affixed in some conspicuous Place, in one of the Market-towns near the Roads directed to be repaired as aforesaid, and also to be published in some Newspaper circulated in that Part of the Country, at least twenty Days before the intended Meeting, appointing the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last preceding Meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the Place directed for the First Meeting of such Trustees, if no preceding Meeting shall have been held; and the said Trustees, when met in pursuance of such Notice, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to carry such Act or Acts into Execution, in the same and as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done, if no such Neglect or Omission had happened, or such Act or Acts had been passed previous to the Day or Days appointed for the First Meeting of the Trustees respectively, and such Trustees had met on such Day or Days according to such Appointment.

II. And whereas Disputes have arisen with respect to the Exemptions meant to be allowed, by several Acts of Parliament for repairing of public Roads within this Kingdom, for the Horses of Officers and Soldiers upon their March or Duty, and for Carriages attending them in order to prevent such Disputes for the future, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Toll or Duty whatsoever shall be demanded or taken, by virtue of any Act of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for repairing any of the public Roads within this Kingdom, for or in respect of any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 64, 6$. 293

carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any fiek, ftc. exempted wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; and no Carriages so employed shall be subject to be weighed at any Engine erected, or to be erected, upon any Turnpike Road, or the Owner or Driver thereof liable to ,ot lwblTtote any Penalty or Forfeiture for carrying any greater Weight than is or may be allowed by Law to be con- weighed, veyed in any such Carriage, any Act of Parliament made or to be made to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham^ to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Earl ro his Majesty and the Public,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

WHEREAS we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Commons, did unanimously address ourselves to your Majesty, humbly to beseech your Majesty that you would be graciously pleased to bestow fonae signal and lading Mark of your Royal Favour, on the Family of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham, and to assure your M:<jessy, that whatever, from your Princely Goodness, your Majesty should think proper to be granted, this House, animated bV the Gratitude which they, in common with the rest of your Majesty's Subjects, feel towards the Memory of that upright and dinnteicfted Minister,

and ambitious of giving a Testimony of their Approbation to that public Virtue and spirited Conduct which directed the Councils of this Country in the last glorious and successful War, would, with the greatest Chearfulness, make good to your Majesty; to which Address, your Majesty was pleased to re- turn this most gr acious Answer; That your Majesty would take the same into your Confide ration, and that you would do therein what should appear to your Majesty to be most proper, agreeable to the Desire of your faithful Commons; and also, by your Majesty's most gracious Message, to declare, iut your Majesty, being desirous to comply, as speedily as possible, with the said Request of your faithful Commons, had given Directions for the granting to the present Earl of Chatham, and to the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, an Annuity of four thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Civil List Revenue; but that your Majesty, not having it in your Power to extend the Effects of the said Grant beyond the Term of your Majesty's Life, recommended it to the House to consider of a proper Method of extending, securing, and annexing the same to the Earldom of Chatham, in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the Family of the said William Pitt Earl of Chatham :* We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in Lieu of the said Annuity of four An Annuity of thousand Pounds per Annum, so directed to be granted to the present Earl of Ch thorn, and to the Heirs of 4}00ol.per the Body of the late William Pitt, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, as aforesaid, one Ai.nu- Annum to be ity or ye arly Rent or Sum of four thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Bitain, shall be issuing and p-*i<h oot of the payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Duties and Revenues which compose the Fund com- Aggregate Fund, monly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all Chatham such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid the H-ir^Maie out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which (ha!) or may hereafter be charged upon, of the Ute Wil-or payable out of, the said Aggregate Fund); and the same shall from Time to Time be paid quarterly, in hjrn l>i?t E^rlof Manner and Form following; that is to say. To John now Earl of Chatham, and to the Heirs Male of the Body of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham begotten, to whom the said Tide, Honour, and Dignity of Trie^h-iO Earl of Chatham shall defeend; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take KiFect defeenj. from the fifth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and ThefriJ Anna* shall be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the tenth Day of il)’,0 bc Pjd October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and the fifth Day of July, by even and equal Benton

Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the tenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord one 0'* thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be xhe Earl of lawful to and for the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of his Father, the said late Chatham, &c. William Earl of Chatham, for the Time being, to whom the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall empowered to defeend, being at the Age of twenty-one Years, or above, by any Deed or Deeds in Writing to assign, charge the said limit, or appoint, any Part of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, not exceeding the Sum of one ^,tila

thousand Pounds yearly, by way of Jointure or Provision for any Woman or Women which he or they j°ooooi!yearly, respectively shall happen to marry or take to Wife, for the Life or Lives of such Wife or Wives; but that the said Annuity shall not be charged or chargeable with more than one such Jointure at any owe Time.

294

Commissionerl of the Treasury to sign Warrants for Payment of the said Annuity quarterly, without any Fees,

Such Warrants, after signed, to be valid, notwithstanding the Demise of his Majesty, See,

Commissioners of the Tieifuiy, &c. withe ut Fee or Reward, to do all 7 hings necessary to render this Act efttftual.

Receipt of the Earl of Chatham, &c. shall be a Efficient Discharge.

The Annuity to be Tax-free.

If Officers of the Exchequer shall refuse to pay the Annuity on Demand, dec, they may be prosecuted for the same.

The Annuity verted in John Earl of Chatham, &c. and not to be aliened or incumbered for any longer Term than the Life of the Party j

except in making res.

Public Act,

C. 66, 67. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under-treasurer of the Exchequer and Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to dire# the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of four thousand Pounds, as the same shall, from Time to Time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum to the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said late William Earl of Chatham begotten as aforesaid, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive any Parc of the said Annuity as aforesaid, at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf,

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act; and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve), or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office, or Offices, of them, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the Time being, Chancellor and Under-treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein-before directed a’nd required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual,

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said late William Earl of Chatham, and of such other Person or Persons as shall be intitled or authorised to receive the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment there*-of, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other public Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William late Earl of Chatham, and such other Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, to receive the same, then the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William late Earl of Chatham, and such other Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, of any Part thereof, may from Time to Time sue, prosecute, and implead, such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum of four thousand Pounds, shall be, and the same is by this Act vested in the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said late William Eatl of Chatham, to whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Earl of Chatham shall defeend; and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not at any Time or Times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged, or incumbered, by the said John Earl of Chatham, or by any of the Heirs Male of the said late William Earl of Chatham, for any greater or larger Estate or Time than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging, or incumbering the same, or so as to prevent the same from defeending to the Hairs Male in Tail, according to the Limitation aforesaid, other than, and according to, and in pursuance of, the Power for making such Jointures as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged* deemed, and taken, in all cases, and in all Courts and Places, to be a public Act.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water, from the Prebend.d Estate of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the City of London5, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for authoring the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to sell the present Session-house for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session-house in a more convenient Situation,

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 68, 69. 295

and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session-house.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling.

The Shire to be divided into Eight

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the

Services in Work and Money which are thereby authorised to be exacted and levied, have been found inefficient to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the County of Stirling; and that other and further Powers are necessary, in order effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Exei ution and as this cannot be obtained without the Aid of Parliament; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for the more cafy and effectual Execution of the Powers granted by this Act, the said County shall be divided into eight Districts, as follows 5 videlicet,

The first District, comprehending the Parishes of Buchanan, Drymcn, Ba\fron9 Killcarny Strath!lane, and Fintry^ the Place of Meeting being Killcarn: The second District, comprehending the Parishes of Campfey, Baldernocky Kiifythy and Kilpatrick, the Place of Meeting being Kilfyth: The third District, comprehending 1 he Parishes of Denny and Dunipace (excepting the Lands of Torw:cdhcad)y the Lands of Aucbenbowie,

Gang lors, Bannockburn, rleariy Shiocky Gardeufhy Blackhill, Saucbiey Chartejhalh Polmaifcy Balquhidercck on the East Side of Saint Ninian's Burny the Lands of Greenyards, Easter and Wetter, in the Parish of Saint Ninians, the Weft Barony of Callander, Seabegs, and Cafllecarys in th Parish of Falkirk, the Place of Meeting being Denny: The fourth District, comprehending the Parishes of Stirling, Gargunnock and Kippiny Saint Ninians, on the Weft of Saint Ninians Burny the Lands of Dundc, fj\ Craigengelt and Crin-gates, in the said Parish of Saint Ninians, the Place of Meeting being Stirling: The fifth District, comprehending the Parish of Alvay the Place of Meeting being Alva: The frxth District, comprehending the Parishes of Logiey and Lccropty the Place of Meeting being Logie: The seventh District, comprehending the Parishes of Polmonty Slamannany Muiravonftde9 and the Lands of the East Barony of Callander, in Falkirk Parish, the Place of Meeting being Laurieston: And the eighth District, comprehending the Parish of Falkirk (excepting as aforesaid), the Parishes of Airthy Larbert and Bothhennaty and the Lands of Tcwood-heady in the Parish of Dunipaccy the Lands of Powhouse9 Carnocky Kersey, Cowie, B 0 for nought, Throfky Pofibletrees, and the two Bandeathsy in the Parish of Saint Ninians, the Place of Meeting being Falkirk.

II. Provided always, That the aforegoing Division of the County into Districts, and Places of Meeting, shall be subject to any future Alteration by any*general Meeting of the Trustees under this Act, which shall be held at any Time before the annual general Meeting in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and not afterwards: Provided always, That Notice of any intended Proportion for such Alteration of the Districts, at any annual Meeting, shall be delivered, in Writing, to their Clerk, and advertised by him in the Edinburgh Caledonian Mercury, once every Week, for three Weeks before such annual Meeting.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person, who is at present, or shall be at any Time after the passing of this Act, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Life-renter, of Lands lying in the County of Stirling, valued in the Cess Book of the said County at one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and the eldest Son of every Person possessed of two hundred Pounds of valued Rent as above; and the Chief Magistrate of the Town of Stirling for the Time being, and one Master of each Hospital, in the said Town of Stirling, for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for making and repairing the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by this Act given and granted.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall act as a Trustee, every such Person shall, for such acting, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, to be applied for Reparation of the Roads lying within that District in which he has acted, deducting therefrom the Expence of the Prosecution, which may be raised and canied on at the Instance of any one of the Trustees, before the Justices of Peace of the County, as herein after mentioned.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trust-*f«, or any seven or more of them, shall, in order to carry this present Act into Execution, meet at Stirling, upon the eighth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ievemy-eight; and thereafter yearly upon the same Dav, and at the same Place, that the Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Stir rug shall be directed, by the Land Tax Act of the Year then current, to assemble for the* Purposes of aflefung the Lind, and of choosing a Convcener, Collector, and Clerk; and that the said Trustees f:> assembled, at the aforesaid general Meeting, shall have Power, and are hereby empowered to adjourn to the r,< xt, or any after lawful Day, if they shall see Cause so to do, and to name a Prefcs or Chairman of their Meeting, and a Clerk during Pleasure, who shall attend the Meetings of the said Trustees 2nd fhdl enter their unolc Proceedings icgtilailyin a Book lobe kept for that Purpose; and like wife shall, as often as required, by any Person or Persons having

The aforegoing Dirifion may be altered at any General Meeting before that of 1780.

Qualification #f

Trusteett

Penalty on Ptr-

font acting without the r.ectllary Q^alifiCitior.k,

Time and Place of Meet nz, and Order of Proceeding.

296

A Surveyor to be appointed.

Trustees to have the Superintendence f the Roads and Bridget*.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the next annual General Meeting.

Overseers to be appointed, Sec,

Treasurers to give Security.

18 t. Sterling on each too I. Scott of valued Rent, or its* on e*ck

Ploughgate, may be levied in hicu of Statute work*

Tcrfont aggraved may appeal to tfc Quarter-

Session,

Who are to be

subjetled to the Regulations and AftelFn ents.

Thtee Days Work, for earh Horse and Cart, or 3 a, Sterling for each Horse,

Cottagers,

Tradesmen, Stc, to perform six Days Work, or to pay 2 s. Sterling each Person,

C. 69. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

an Interest in the same, make and give out Copies or Extrafls of the Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees within three Days after such Requisition (at such certain moderate Fee for the same, as shall be fixed by the said Trustees in a general Meeting assembled); and that such Copies or Extracts shall contain the Warrant for putting these Orders into Execution; and that the said Trustees, in their first general Meeting or aejourned Meeting aforesaid, and in all their subsequent annual general Meetings or adjourned Meetings assembled, shall have Power, and they are hereby empowered and required to nominate and appoint one or more of their own Number to without Salary, as Surveyor or Surveyors in any of the Districts aforesaid, in which his Qualification lies; and at the said general Meetings the said Trustees shall also appoint early and convenient Times and Places for the first Meetings in each Year of the Trustees within the respective Districts before mentioned; and that the Trustees, at such District Meetings assembled, (bail have Power afterwards to adjourn as they shall see Cause.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees of the different Districts shall (under the Restrictions after-mentioned) superintend, and have the Direction and Cognizance of the several Roads and Bridges within their respective Districts, and shall have Power to appoint the Order in which the same shall be made or repaired, and to appropriate the Services and Monies to be exacted and raised, by virtue of this Act, from each District, within such their respective Distritft only; and that the said Trustees, in such District Meetings assembled, shall be, and are hereby empowered to appoint a Prefes or Con-veener, and if necessary a Depute Clerk for each District, and to adjourn from Time to Time; and that the Prefes or Conveener of such respective Distxi& Meetings, shall have Power, and he is hereby empowered and required, to call Meetings of the Trustees for the said District, as often as he shall be required so to do by any two Trustees within such District, upon ten Days previous Notice to be given at the Church Doors within the District; and in case any Difference of Opinion in such District Meeting shall arise among the said Trustees, concerning the Application of the Services or M hey, any one of the Trustees who shall either think himself aggrieved, or shall think such Application improper, may complain to the next annual general Meeting, giving eight Days Notice in Writing, to the Clerk of the District Meeting, of his Intention to bring an Appeal, and the Matter thereof, which annual general Meeting shall have Power, and is hereby empowered to hear and determine the same; but the Works shall, notwithstanding, proceed as directed by the Majority of the Distritft Meeting, until the Determination of such Appeal; and it shall be lawful for any one Trustee to act at a District Meeting, in case the other Trustees do not attend $ and that all Meetings under the Authority of this Act shall begin to be held at Mid-day, and not earlier, and that each Member shall defray his own Expence, but without disabling or restraining the said Trustees from making and giving a reasonable Allowance to Collectors, Clerks, and Overseers, for their Trouble.

VII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, in District Meetings assembled, shall have Power, and are hereby empowered to appoint Overseers within their respective Dif-tridls, and to remove or dismiss them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary, and that the said Overseers may, by a Justice of the Peace of the Bounds, be made Constables, for the special Purpose of adiing as Constables in the Business of the Highways and Roads, and for that Purpose only; and any Person refusing to accept of the Office of Overseer, ft)all forfeit the Sum of three Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by the said Trustees, shall give Security to the Amount at least of one Year’s Receipt.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Statute-work, in Whole or in Part, in the Option of the Trustees of each District, shall be converted by an Assessmeny on the valued Rent, or on the Ploughgate, as the same shall be ascertained and determined by them at their annual Meetings for that Purpose, variable according to the Condition of the Roads in the District, but so as not to exceed eighteen Shillings Sterling on each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or twelve Shillings Sterling on each Ploughgate, and so in Proportion for a larger or smaller Valuation or Quantity of Land; and the Trustees in each District, who make Choice of the latter Mode of Assessment, shall make up a List of the Ploughgates therein, and each Estate and Farm shall be held to contain as many Ploughgates, as the Arable and Pasture Lands might reasonably keep of Ploughs, if under Tillage; and the Trustees are hereby empowered to take such Proof as they shall think necessary for ascertaining the Number of Ploughgates; and that Copies of such Lists as are made up by them shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the general Meeting, and entered in the Books to be kept by him; and if any Person thinks himself aggrieved hereby, he may complain to the next Quarter Session for Redress.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Heritors, in the natural Possession of their own Lands, as well as Tenants and Sub-tenants, shall be subjected to the Regulations and Assessments aforesaid: Provided always, That Grass Grounds let without Liberty of Tillage, and Grounds let for Tillage for any Term not exceeding three Years, without a Lease 01 tacit Relocation following on a Lease, fnaTl be held to be in the natural Possession of the Heritor.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person not otherwise hereby assessed, who shall- keep Carts or other Carriages, for drawing Coal or Lime, or any Commodities or Goods whatever, shall be subject and liable in three Days Work of each Horse and Cart so employed by him, her, or them; or, in the Option of the Trustees, in a Sum not exceeding three Shillings Sterling for each Horse kept by them.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cottagers, Householders, Labourers, and Tradesmen, not being Servants hired by the Year, nor liable to send out Carts or Wains, shall be obliged, when required, to perform six Days Work annually on the Highways by themselves, or by proper Persons employed by them; or, in their Option, to pay two Shillings Sterling each Person for the said six Days Work.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 69. 297

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Min?r?, Colliers, Salters, Nailers, and Workmen at Furnaces, of the Age of twenty-one Years and upwards, shall perform six Days Work on the Highways annually, when required, determined by themselves, or by proper Pt 1 f.?ns employed by them; or, in the Option of the Proprietors, Lessees or Tacklmen of such Mnes, Owl wotks, Salt-works, Nail-works, or Furnaces, where they are employed, shall pay two Shillings Sterling for each Person above described; and that the Money arising therefrom be laid out on such public Roads within the District, as the Proprietors of such Works when carried on by themselves, or the Tarkfmen when let, shall think most advantageous for their respective Works; and that the Money shall he laid out under the Inflection of two or more Trustees appointed by this Act, not having Interest in the find Works, appointed by the District in which they are situated; and it is hereby declared, that all those who are liable to perform Services in Terms of this Act, shall be obliged to perform the same when required (Seed-time and Idarveft excepted): Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be obliged to pr so m Statute-work on any Road at a greater Distance than four meafuved Miles from his or her Place of Residence; and that it shall be lawful for the Trustees, in their annual District Meeting assembled, to free or exempt from any Part of the said Work, or Payment of the Conversion thereof, all such Persons as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, or unable to perform the same.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person liable in such Statute-work as aforesaid, who shall neglect or reftife to perform the same, or to make Payment of the conveited Prices thereof whdti required (within ten Days after such Requisition made to them, eirher personally or at their Dwcfling-houses, or by Advertisements at the Parish Churcl es on a Suudiiy), shall be liable in Manner following; videlicet, Each Person failing to perform the Statute-work, or to pay the Conversion, shall be liable in double the Sum at which his Service or Labour shall be converted; and that the Whole of these Conversios in Money shall be levied in virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any one Tuflice of the Peace of the said County, proceeding upon the Oath of the Collector or Overseer, that such Person has not paid, or has been absent; and that such Warrants shall contain Authority for arresting the said Person’a Effects, and for poinding and distraining the same; and that the Officer to whom the same shall be directed, shall summarily seize and distrain the readied Goods or Effects of the said Person, and shall, at the End of three Days after such Distress, sell the same by public Roup or Auction, to the highest Offerer, at the next Town or Village to the Ground of the Lands upon which such Distress was made, for Payment of the Sum for which such Person or Persons shall respectively be liable, and of the necessary Charges, rendering the Overplus to the Owner; and that no Suspension, Appeal, Complaint, or Action, shall (top the Performance of the Statute Services, or Payment of the converted Prices thereof, or Duty of valued Rent, for that Year in which they have been appropriated: Saving always nevertheless to the Parties their Redrest, either from the Persons by whom they shall have been aggrieved, or out of their several Duties, Services, and Conversions, for the Year next after the Determination of the Cause.

XV. Provided always, That if it shall appear that the Statute-work, or Conversions thereof, or any Part of the same, in any District, have not been applied, the Trustees at their next general Meeting shall have Power, and are hereby required to order the Conversion of the unapplied Statute-work of such deficient District, to be applied in any of the other Distrifls where the general Meeting shall judge most nereflaiy.

XVI. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective District Meetings shall annually, on or before the last Tuesday of Murchy make up an exact and regular Report, containing an Account of the whole Money received and expended on the Highways and Bridges; and also of the Number of Persons who have performed Statute-work, or paid the Composition for the same, the Work performed, and the Offences committed, for the preceding Year, within the District under their Direction respectively; and that such Report, signed by the Piefcs and Clerk of the respective Ditbidt Meetings, shall be transmitted by the said Clerk to the Clerk of the general Meeting, to be held at Stirling at least eight Days before the annual general Meeting, and shall by the Clerk of the general Meeting be entered in his Book, and laid before the Trustees at their f;id Meeting; and that in case of Failure to make out and transmit such Report, the Prefes and Clerk of the District Meeting so failing shall each be liable in a Penalty or Fine of five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied by Distress in Mariner before mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers (after having first obtained Warrant for so doing, under the Hand of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace) shall be, and are hereby empowered, to take out of any Lands that shall appear to them most proper and convenient (other than Gardens, Orchards, planted Walks, Lawns, or Pleasure Grounds), Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials, for making and repairing the said Roads, doing the least Damage portable, and making Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of the Ground, the Amount of such Satisfaction to be ascertained as herein after directed.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person fh nil leave Carts or other Carriages, or shall lay, or cause to be hid, any Timber, Stone, Lime, Dung;, Comport, Soil, or Matter whatsoever, on or within five Yards of the Side of the said Roads, unless within a sufficient Fence between and the Roads (except Materials for building Houses and inclosing Grounds); and that any Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Materials or other Matter so laid down, and also the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the converted Price of Labour, one-half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half thereof to be applied for making and repairing the Roads within the District; and in case it shall not appear who laid down the said Timber, Stone, Lime, Dung, Comport, Soil, or other Matter above-mentioned, that the Porte (Tors or Occupiers of the Grounds on which the same shall be laid down* or the Possessors and Occupiers of the Lands immediately

Miner*, Collierf, Salter«r Sec. to perform fix Day* Workr or pay * Stef*, ling.

No Person to perform Statute-. work more than four Mile* from his Residence.

Penalty on Person* liable, neglecting ta perform the Work or pay this Conversion.

How the Money levied and unapplied is to be

disposed of.

The fer-ral D»fir £ts to make up their Ac-ciurns annually*

Overseers empower* i to take* Material out uf: the nearelk Grounds, &cw

Penalty on Persons leaving Obstructions o» the Roads.

298

Penalty on Persons Spoiling tke Roadi.

Trustees empowered to make Passages for Water. Hedges and Trees to be lopped or pruned*

Trustees may video Roads j

making Satlff-itfion for Ci round taken, tcc.

Such Satiifac* tion to be previous to widening the Roads. New Fences to be made.

Roads to be meafued, and Mile Slones e etted. Penalty on removing or defacing Ivlile-stones.

Trustees tray atTrlV the Dif-

t-.ct in 1 .* d. Sri-il up, < n the 100 1. 'cots of Valued Kent.

C. 69. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

adjacent to that Part of the Road on which the same shall be found, shall be deemed and held to be the Lavers down thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel-carriage, Sledge, or Carr, or shall suffer any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber or Stone, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon a Wheel-carnage, Sledge, or Carr, to drag upon any Part of such Roads, or shall turn his Plough on any Part of the said Roads, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner before directed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall be found necessary to make Passages for the Water from the Ditches on the Side of the Roads, through the Ground of any adjacent Proprietor, the Trustees are hereby empowered so to do, and to keep them clear and open.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where Hedges or Branches of Trees hang over the Road, foas to annoy or obstruct the free Passage, the Owners shall cut or lop the same; and on their failing so to do when required, any one or more Justice or Justices may appoint Persons to cut or lop such Hedges or Branches of Tices, as prove a Nuisance to the said Highways: Provided that no Person be compelled, nor any Surveyor permitted, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the aft Day of September and the last Day of February \ and that no Person shall be obliged to fell any Timber Trees growing in Hedges at any Time whatsoever, except where the Highway or Road shall be ordered to be enlarged, as is herein after directed, or to cut down or grub up any (Lk Trees growing within such Highway or Road, or in such Hedges, except in the Months of April, May, June, or jidy; or any Ash, Elm, or other Trees, in any other Months than December, January, and February.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any seven of them, in a general or District Meeting rfsembled, shall be, and hereby are empowered to widen, or cause to be widened, any Road, to a Breadth not exceeding thirty Feet, exclusive of the Ditches or Drains on each Side thereof: Provided always, That in the Entries to Towns and Villages, the said Trustees assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power to widen such Entries to a Breadth not exceeding forty Feet; and for these Purposes, the Trustees shall be empowered to remove Fences and Houses, whose Side-walls do not exceed twelve Feet in Height, or other Obstructions, six Months Notice being always given to the Proprietors or Possessors of Houses, before the same are removed, and Satisfaction being always made, to the Owner or Owners and Lessees of Land, for so much Ground as shall be taken to widen the said Roads, above and beyond twenty Feet wide of clear pastable Road, and for the Fences and Houses removed; such Satisfaction to be ascertained by the View, upon Oath, of five Trustees (one of whom to be a Justice of the Peace) of the District where such Road or Roads is or are to be widened; the said five Trustees to be appointed by a general Meeting of the Trustees of such District, who shall give at lead ten Days Notice of such View to the Owner or Owners and Lessees of the Lands where such Road or Roads is or are to be widened.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Road shall be widened, or Houses or Fences removed, till actual Payment of the Satisfaction so ascertained to be made to the said Owner or Owners and Lessees of the Lands where such Road or Roads is or are to be widened.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Fences are removed, new and sufficient Fences shall be made by the Owner or Owners and Lessees of Lands, within eight Calendar Months after the Removal of such Fences, under Forfeiture of a Sum equal to the Money paid to them for the same, such Forfeiture to be applied towards Repair of the Roads in such District.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, in a general or District Meeting assembled, shall cause the Roads to be measured, and Stones or Ports to be erected near the Sides thereof, denoting the Difhnce of each Mile, or such other Distances as they shall judge convenient: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove, any such Stones or Posts, or obliterate or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be made, inscribed, or put thereon, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County; such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling for every Stone or Port so wilfully broken, destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced; to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and levied; and such Forfeitures shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety in repairing the Stones or Posts so broken up, damaged, or defaced, or in supplying new ones in their Stead; and if there shall he any Overplus of such Forfeitures, the same shall be laid out in repairing the said Roads; and in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon such Forfeitures may be levied, then it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, by Warrant under hi- or their Hand or Hands, to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol of the County, therein to remain for any Spare not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until the Payment of the Penalty aforesaid.

XXVI. And whereas it has been found by Experience, That the Sum of trn Shillings Sects, upon each one hunched Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised to be levied by an Act of the Parliament of Scotia, idy made in the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, and intituled An A£!fjr repairing Highways and Bridges, is inefficient for keeping the Roads and Bridges in the said County ir. Repair,* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the Trustees of ra h District, at their annual Meeting, to assess the District in a further Sum, not exceeding Tenpence Sterling upon each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to be expended and laid out upon the IFghways and Bridges within the said D.stuft; and that the old Assessment of ten Shilling5 Scots, on each cr: hundred Pounds Scots, dial] be, and the same is hereby reserved to the Disposal of the justices of Peace rs fornve?Iy.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 70.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any sudden Damage being done to any Bridge or Bridges, within the said County, and which mny require an immediate Support or Repair, that it shall be in the Power of any two Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to give Orders for making such Repair or Repairs, but so as the Sum to be expended thereupon shall not exceed five Pounds Sterling, and that the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by an Order of the next general Meeting, on an Application to them for that Purpose.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, shall be applied by the said Trustees, in the first Place, to defray and pay the Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards wholly and totally to the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, and to no other Purpose or Use whatsoever-

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall take place from and after the passing of this Act, and have Continuance during the Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Extent of the Satisfaction to be made to any Person or Persons for the Damage sustained by such Person or Persons, in consequence of the Powers granted by this Act, except as to widening the Roads as above mentioned, shall be ascertained and determined by a Sentence of two Justices of the Peace; and that in case such Person or Persons shall think themselves aggrieved by such Sentence, they may apply for Redress in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions and Complaints for all and any of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and for any Wrong or Injury done or suffered in any Matter relative to or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be originally brought before two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, and shall be commenced within the Space of three Calendar Months after the Penalty or P'orfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

XXXII. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence or Judgment of the Justices of Peace upon any of the Matters or Things referred to their Determination, it shall and may be lawful to the said Person or Persons to appeal for Redress to the next General Quarter Session of the said County, at which not fewer than three Justices shall be present; and such Appeal shall be lodged within six Days after the Sentence complained of; and if any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Quarter Sessions, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply for Redress by summary Complaint to the Court of Session: Provided always, That before such Application, the Party making the same shall find Caution to pay the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling, besides full Costs of Suit, in case such Pa*ty shall not prevail in the same.

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall subject Clergymen to perform any Services, or to the Payment of any Conversion, on account of their Manses and Glebes.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and held to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable Hector Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findhorn, in the County of Elgin and Forres.

WHEREAS a proper Harbour on the South Side of the Murray Firth, in North Britain, is much

wanted for the Reception and Protection of Vessels resorting to the Northern Seas; and the Town of Findhorn, upon the River Findhorn, within the Barony of Aluirtoztn, and County of Elgin and c Forres, is, by its Situation immediately above the Entrance of the said River into the Sea, a most com-

modious Place for that Purpose: And whereas Heel or Munro of Novar Esquire, sole Proprietor of the said Barony, is desirous to build, at his own Expence, a fuff.cient Harbour and Pier adjoining to the said Town of Findhorn, in Confi Jeration of such Tolls, for a Term of Years, as may be adequate for build-

ing and maintaining the said Harbour and Pier, which will be of great public Utility to that Part of the

united Kingdom ;* but as the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in th is present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Hector Munro, his Heirs and Assigns (Proprietors of the said Barony of Aduirtoun), or such Person or Persons as he or his Foresaids shall appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to build, maintain, and preserve, an Harbour and Pier upon the River Findhorn, at or near the Town of* Findhorn, within the said Barony of Muirtoun and County of Elgin and Forres; and to deepen, clean, and preserve the said Harbour, and the Additions and Improvements which may be made thereto by this present Act, from Dirt and Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever; and also to build and erect, and cause to be built and erected therein. Piers and Quays, Jettees and Breasts of proper Dimensions, and all other necessary Works within the said Harbour, for the Reception and more convenient lading and unlading of Ships and Vessels resorting thereto; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, all necefhry Buildings and W.»re-houses for receiving of Goods and Merchandise, and that in such Manner as the said Hector Alunro and his Foresaids, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, shall judge to be ncceHary and expedient.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of A say, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Hcdlor Munro and his Foresaids, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect^ receive and take, of

axul

299

Su<Men Damate to Bridges may be repaired by two Trustees.

Ejrpences of thi» Ad to be first paid.

Ad to continue in Force ac Years.

Justices of the Peace to ascertain Damages.

Actions and Complaints to be brought before the Justices,

Persons aggrieved may app?al to the Quarter Sessions, and from them to the Court of Session.

This Act not to affect Clergymen.

Public Act»

[Preamble.]

Hrdor Monrcr empowered ro build a Harbour and Pier, &c.;

and to collect the jol.owkxgt

300

Toll*.

Prorifo.

Owners of Vrf. fcl» to permit them to be Jneafured,

on Forfeiture of 51.

Collectors and other Officers to be appointed.

Clause to prevent evading the Payment of Rates and Duties#

He&rr Munro, &c, may go on Board Vesseli, and demand the Rates;

C. 70. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

and from ill and every the Masters and Owners of any Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats trading to and from the said Harbour, the following Tolls and Duties j videlicet,

For every Boll of Grain, confiding of four Firlots, one Halfpenny.

For every Boll of Meal, one Farthing.

For every Barrel of English Coals, cor, fitting of three Winchester Bushels, one Halfpenny.

For every Ton of Scots Coals, confiding of twenty hundred Weight, Threepence.

For every Gross of Quart Bottles, one Penny; and for other Bottles, in Proportion to their Size.

For each one hundred Bolls of Lirr.e, one Shilling and Sixpence.

For each Boll of foreign Salt, three Farthings.

For each Boll of native Salt, one Halfpenny.

For forty soli 1 Feet of Wood in Lrg% Fourpence.

For each one thousand Slates and Pantiles, Sixpence.

For each one thousand IFicks, Fourpence.

For each Barrel of Salmon, one Penny Farthing.

For each one hundred Salmon-kitts, one Shilling and Eightpence.

For each Barrel of Herrings, three Farthings.

For each one hundred Barrel-horps, one Halfpenny.

For each one hundred and fifty Haif-harrel Hoops, one Halfpenny.

For each one thousand Virginia Barrel-ttdves, one Sb’lling; and lo in Proportion for other Staves.

For all coarse Goods not herein particularly rated, two Pounds on each one hundred Pounds of their Value; and so in Proportion.

For each Barrel of Goods ufujlly imported or exported in Barrels, one Penny; for each small Parcel, one Halfpenny.

For all empty C^fe, One fourth of what they pay when full.

And from ail and every the Mailers and Owners of any Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, trading to and firm the find H.irbour, the following Anchorage Duties; videlicet,

For every Vessel of three hundred Tons, or upwards, eight Shillings.

For every Vessel from two hundred to three hundred Tons, seven Shillings.

For every Vessel from one hundred and fifty to two hundred Tons, six Shillings.

For every Vessel from one hundred to one hundred and fifty Tons, five Shillings.

For every Vessel from seventy-five to one hundred Tons, four Shillings.

For every Vessel from fifty to seventy-five Tons, three Shillings.

For every Vessel from thirty to fifty Tons, two Shillings.

For every Vessel from fifteen to thirty Tons, one Shilling.

For every Vessel from six to fifteen Tons, Sixpence.

And for every Vessel under six Tons, Threepence.

0

III. Provided always, That all and every the Matters and Owners of all Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, that come within the Bar of Findhorn, and load or unload their Cargoes within the said Bar, shall be liable to pay the said Rates and Anchorage Duties, whether they do or do not take the Benefit of the Pier.

IV. And provided always, That the Matters and Owners of all Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, trading to and from the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall fuss, r and permit the said Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, to be measured by the said Hcttor Munro and his Foresaids, or by such Person or Persons as he or they shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose; and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid, according to such Mea* furement; and that every Owner or Matter aforesaid, who shall refuse to have his or their Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds Sterling to the said Hcfler Munro and his Foresaids.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Heflor Munro and his Foresaids to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for levying the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall judge necessary to be employed under them, for carrying the same into Execution; and Irom Time to Time to remove such Officers or Servants, or any of them, and to appoint others in their Phce.

VI. And, to prevent any Delay or Evasion in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid/ be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, there shall be produced to the Collector or other Officer of his Majdiy’s Customs at Find-1born, by the Matter or Owners of every Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, coming into, or failing out of, the said Pott or Harbour of Findkorn, or liable to the Rates and Duties in this Act granted, a Receipt or other sufficient Voucher of the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and that until such Production be made, and the Collector or other Officers aforesaid shall be satisfied with the same, the said Collector and other Officers Hull not take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outward of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, Foreign or British, liable or subject to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids, and to such Person and Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised by him or them, to go on Board any Ship, Bark, Lighter, Vessel, or Boat, and to take the Dimensions thereof; and to demand, collect, and receive, from any Owner, Matter, or other Person having the

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 70. 301

Charge of any Ship, Bark, Lighter, Vessel, or Boat,- the Rates and Duties by this Act impof'd and madq due and payable; and in case of Delay or Refusal of Payment, to take, seize, and detain, preferable to^ andinci/V'f and notwithstanding of any Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by, or due to, K-bifai m^y any other Person or Persons, any of the Goals, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or) !cv^t!!c <an*c belonging to any such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Vend, or Boat, and the same to take, ft ize, and detain,# until by iiac *’ the said Duty and Duties be satisfied and paid; and that in case of any Neglect or Delay* in Payment or the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, for the Space of three Days after Rich taking, seizing, and detaining aforesaid, it shall and may be then lawful to and for the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids, and to and for such Person and Persons authorised by them as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by two or more sufficient Persons, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the Goods or other Effects lb teken and appraised, and therewith to satisfy the Duty and Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, together with the Charge of such seizing, taking, detaining, and felling (as the same shall be ascertained by the Sellers on Oath), rendering to the Matter or Owners of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other VeiTd, or Owners o( -such Goods, the Overplus (if any be) on Demand.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, Commander, or other Owners of Vef-

Person taking upon himself the Command, or appearing to be Matter or Commander, or any Owner, ids reform* 10 % Factor, or Consignee, of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall, at any Time from the Commencement pay Duties, (0 of this Act, elude or avoid the Payment of any Rates and Duties hereby granted, by any Method wharfo- 5>

ever, every such Master, Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence', forfeit cl‘Ui®*. unto the said Htftor Musro and his Foresaids the Sum of five Pounds Sterling; and shall, notwithstanding,.

stand charged with, and be liable to, the Payment of the said Rates and Dunes. t

IX. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Hector Aluhro and his Fore- Hertor Munro

(aids shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and e powered to take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding at any one Time the Sum of five hundred boirow 5001.5 Pounds Sterling; and to grant, assign, and set over, the several Rates, Duties, and Tonnrge, given and and to assign the granted by this Act, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be willing to advance and lend Money as a Sccu« thereon, for securing the Payment of the same, with Interest, respectively; and that the Money so to be,

borrowed and advanced shall be employed for the Ends and Purjxifes of this Act, and not other wise.

X. And whereas the said Hector Munro is Superior of the Village of Findhorn, and has the NominiU

tion and Appointment of the Baron Baillie of Muirtoun, within which the said Village is situate: And whereas it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Harbour, and to the Accommodation of the Public, that the said fleet or Munro and his Foresaids, and any Person or Persons appointed by them, had

Power and Authority to remove (after reasonable Notice to the Person or Persons immediately interested),

all unnecessary Obstructions within the said Port and Harbour, and upon the Quays and Piers belonging to the same, and to order and regulate, with respect to the Stations and Places of mooring of the Ship*

and other Vessels within the said Port and Harbour, and with respect to the Time of Continuance upon.

the said Quay of Goods and Merchandise, or others whatsoever; and to make such other Bye-laws, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Government and Management of the said Port and Harbour, as to

them the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids shall seem meet and expedientbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boar, or Vessel, which shall be laid by as Ohftro^om to unfit for further Sea Service, or neglected by the Owner, shall be permitted to be and remain in any of bcrem..vrd from the Piers or Quays erected within the said Harbour of Findhorn, so'as to incumber the same; but that in lhcHirbcur» every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Hector Munro or his Foresaids, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, immediately to cause such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Wfiel,

so unserviceable or neglected, to be, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of the same, removed from, Exrenre

the said Quays and Piers, or any of them, and to lay the said Ship or other Vessel on any part of the of Owneri*

Strand or Sea Shore within the High-water Mark, qr any other Place of Safety without the said Harbour,

and there to moor such Ship or other Vessel; and that on or before Demand of Payment is made by the said He ft or Munro, or his Foresaids, from the Owner or Owners, Matter or Agents, of such Snip, Bark,

or other Vessel of the Charge of removing and mooring such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel as afo.eh.iJ, such.

Charges and Expences shall be first Fen and allowed by the Baron Baillie of the Barony of Mulrtwn foe the Time being; and that in case of Refusal or Neglect of Payment of such Charges and Expenses all jwed as aforesaid, for the Space of five Days after Demand shall be made, then, and in every such Cate, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids, to levy such Expences by Dilhefl and Sale of the said Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, or any of her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, Or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus, if any such there be (after deducting the Charge of taking, keeping, and Sale of such DiilicB), to the Owner or Owners, Mailer, Factor, or Agent, ot fault Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, whenever the same shall be demanded.

XL. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to, or in the Power of, any Person or Persons, who shall have landed or caused to be landed and laid any Goods or Merchan- rmi-iUoi* tho dise, Timber, Wood of any Kind, Matts, Yards, Pumps, Boats, Anchors, Cables, Calks, Gpns, Du- fcr!tKca last, Paving-stones, Lime-stones, Slates, Soapers Watte, Dung or Manure, or any other Thing (other miLX ,mc# than Materials for the necessary Repairs of the Piers and Quays, and for immediate Use in Shipping), upon any of the Piers and Quays or Landing-places within the said Harbour, or in any of the Avenues leading to the said Quays and Piers, or any of them, to continue or permit the same, or any Part thereof, to remain and lie thereon for any longer Time than forty-eight Hours; and that in all such Caf s where the f ud Goods, or others aforesaid, shall have so continued beyond the said Space of forty-eight Hours, it shall ami any be lawful to and for the fail Heft or Munro, and his Foresaids, to remove or cause to be removed all such Goods and other Things, as he or they shall so find lying, continuing, and being, on the said Quay; and

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

302

Wtrehcufcs to

%e provided for depositing Goods, &c.

Gunpowder, and

ocher Com-kuftibles to be retr ovedoff the Quaji,

n Forfeiture

of jl.

Ships, ftc. may be removed from one Birch to another.

It the Expence tf the Owmcru

Ship* In Distress to be allowed a Preference,

C. 70.

A.D. 1775.

Piers and other Places, above the said limited Time, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the same till Payment of the Charges of such Removal and Detention, and of such Con ft delation bciides,* to the said Heft or Munro and his Foresaids, for their Trouble in and about the same, as the said liaron Bailiie of Muirtoun shall think reasonable; and if such Charges and Expences shall not be paid within the Space of five Days after Demand made thereof by the said Hetlor Munro or his Foresaids, then, and ih every such Case, he and they respelUvcly are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the said Goods and Chattels so respectively secured, and render the Overplus, if any be* to the Owner or Owners, the Charges of taking, keeping, and making Sale of such Distress, being deducted and allowed, and on the same being demanded.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said He ft or Munro, and his Fore-said s, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, out of any of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, to rent, or hire by the Year, or otherwise, any convenient Warehouse, Yard, or other Place, for the receiving, safe keeping, or lodging, of such Goods, or other Things Jo to be removed from the Quays, and other Places, as aforesaid, or to inclose, erecd, or build any such Yard, Warehouse, or other Buildings, on their own Ground, or on Ground to be purchased by them, as to them shall seem mod meet and fitting.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Rofirt, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or ether such combustible Things, shall be fullered to be and remain on the Quays and Piers aforesaid, already constructed, or hereafter to be coiiftni. ted, within the said Port and Harbour of Findhorn, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel in the said Piers or Quavs, lying in the Harbour aforesaid for above the Space of twenty-four Hours after polling the Cullom-house Officers; and that in case such Goods and Things cannot be conveniently temoveJ or got off from such Quays, Place, or Places, by Day-light, that then, and in every such Case, the Owner? or such Goods and Things shall be obliged, and are hereby required, to set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful, discreet, and sober Persons to guard and watch over the same, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids shall signiff and appoint 5 and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods and other Things shall make Default herein, every such Owner or Owners, Master or Mate, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds Sterling.

XIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids* or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorise and appoint, shall and may, and he or they are hereby authorised and empowered, when and so often as he or they shall judge necessary, to remove, or cause to bt removed, any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying in any of the Entrances or Passages of the said Harbour of Findborn, or at any Quay, Pier, and Breast, already built, or hereafter to be built by virtue of this Act, or in any other Part of the said Harbour, from the Birth or Lying-place, at which they shall respectively happen to be stationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying-place, as he or they shall think proper; and in case the Master, Mate, or any other Person having and taking the Command and Charge of the said Ship, Bark, Vessel, Lighter, or Boat, shall, after Notice given him in Writing, or left in Writing on Board the Ship or Vessel intended to be removed twelve Hours before the said Removal by the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, neglect or refuse to remove, or cause so be removed, during the first High-water or Tide after such Notice, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, from her said Birth, to such other Birth or Mooring-places as are or shall be appointed unto them'by the said Hector Munro or fiis Foresaids, or by any other Person authorised by him or them, that then the said Hector Munroy or his Foresaids, or any other Person or Persons he or they shall order or appoint, shall have Power, and are hereby directed and empowered, immediately after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal, to remove, or cause to be removed, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying as aforesaid, from their present Birth and Mooring-place, to such other Birth and Mooring-place as the said Hector Munro or his Foresaids shall judge proper; and that the Masters, Commanders, Owners, and Consignees of such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, so to be removed as aforesaid, shall respectively pay to the said Heft or Munro or his Foresaids, all such Costs and Charges as shall be reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in like Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this Act are herein after ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied; and that every Master, Commander, Mate, or other Person taking upon himself the Command of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, or the Owner, Factor, Consignee, or Agent, Or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall obstruct or hinder the Removal of any such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall arrive or come into the said Harbour of Findborn in Distress, or meet with any Misfortune in the Harbour aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Baron Bailiie of the Barony of Muirtoun aforesaid, upon a Petition to him in Writing, by the Master, Commander, or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on Board such Ship or Vessel, and upon Proof being made before him of such Distress, to give a Preference to such Ship or Vessel being in Distress as aforesaid, both as to the Birth at the Piers and Quays, and as to the Course of discharging, to any other Ship or Vessel arrived before her in the Port aforesaid 5 and that every Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel lying within the Harbour of Findhom% who shall refuse or delay to comply with the Order of the said Bailiie, in favour of the said Ship or Vessel in Distress as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in the Manner herein after duelled.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 70.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifteenth Day of Majy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons to throw or empty any Ballast, Dust, Ashes, or Rubbish, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, into the said Harbour, or to dig and take away any Ballast, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, from within the same, to the Hurt or Prejudice of the said Harbour, or of the Works erected or to be erected for the Security and Accommodation of the same, or any Part thereof, under the Penalty of forty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons, who shall or may hereafter have Occasion to throw or castout any Ballast, from out of any Ship or other Vessel, up*n any Quay, Pier, or Breast, or other Place, in or about the said Quays, Piers, Breasts, or other Works, made or to be made as before mentioned, belonging to the said Port and Harbour, shall not suffer the same to be and remain on the said Quays, Piers, Breasts, or other Places, but shall immediately after cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away, to such Place or Places as the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids shall for such Purposes provide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Owner of every Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or trading in the Harbour of Findborny shall be, and is hereby made answerable to the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Misc chief that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the same, to any of the Piers, Quays, Breasts, or other Works, already construfled, or that shall be constructed by virtue of this Act, with full Costs of Suit, and that such Damages and Costs shall be sued for and reco-▼ered in Manner herein after directed*

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to pack, or cause to be packed, upon any of the Piers, Quays, or Breasts, built or to be built as aforesaid, any Herrings or other Fish, or to suffer Herrings and other Fish, which are packed, to lie upon the said Piers, Quays, and Breasts, longer than forty-eight Hours; and that after they have lain the said Space, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said tteftor Munroy or his Foresaids, to carry away the said Herrings, or other Fish, and lay them in a Cellar or Warehouse, at the Expence of the Owner or Proprietor, and to detain the said Herrings and other Fish, till the Charges of carrying them from the Piers, Quays, and Breasts, shall be satisfied, and the Cellar-rent paid.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Fh&or Munro and his Foresaids, or any Collector to be appointed by them for receiving any Part of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, to prosecute and recover the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs of Suit, by this present Act imposed, in all such Cases where the Sum to be recovered shall amount to five Pounds Sterling, or upwards, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, within six Months after such Offence is committed, before any two or more Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders shall reside or be apprehended 5 and that the said Justices of the Peace shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to award and give such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees, as to them shall seem most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that in Default of Payment of the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs of Suit, hereinbefore enacted, which shall be awarded and ordered by the Justices of Peace, the Person or Persons who shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described, mall and may be sent, by the Justices of the Peace, to the Prison or House of Correction nearest to the Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, and there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time (not exceeding six Months) as such Justices shall direct} and that the whole Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, which shall be recovered by the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids, or their Collectors, after Deduction of the necessary Charges of recovering the same, shall be applied for and towards the building, making, erecting, maintaining, and repairing, the Work or Works aforesaid, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every other Penalty, Fine, and Forfeiture imposed, and which shall be incurred by virtue of this Act, and not amounting to the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, shall and may be sued for and recovered by the said Heflor Munro and his Foresaids, before any one Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders before mentioned shall be apprehended, or reside for the Time, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information made in that Behalf within six Months after such Offence shall have been committed; and that the Justice of Peace aforesaid shall have Power, and he is hereby empowered and required, to proceed to the Trial of such Offences summarily; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders in any of the Ways before mentioned, to give such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees, as to him shall seem most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in Default of Payment of the several Fines, borfeitures, and others last mentioned, so to be awarded by the said Justice of the Peace, the Person which shall be convicted as aforesaid shall and may be sent, by the said Justice of the Peace, to the nearest Prison or House of Correction, for such Time as the said Justice shall direct, not exceeding three Months; and that the said pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, shall, after Deduction of the necessary Charge of recovering the same, be applied one Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the Minister and Kujc Session of Kinhfs, for the Use of the Poor of that P^rish.

XXII. Provided always, Th it it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, shall be given, pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, when they fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or

303

Penalty on throwing Ballast, &c. into the Hit hour*

Ballast, Otc. to be removed off the Quays,

Masters of Vessels answerable for Damages done by their Crews,

Fish not to lie on the Quays above a ccroi* Time*

Penalties and

Forfeiture! ho# to be recovered and applied*

How Penalties under 5 I. may be recovered*]

Penalties and

Forfeitures rray be xnKiga'.ed*

t3°4

Mncrialf fray

b- t k',n from Write Grounds,

f cr frorr. private

Grounds,

making 9a*ir-

lor Dances. t

Kpada to be made to Quarries, &c. for getting Materials,.

Persons wilfully destroying the Works, to be committed.

Heft or Munro, &c. may make Bye-laws for deepening, &c. the Harbour;

which shall be hung up in a conspicuous PI ce in Find-horn.

Sating the Right to the Ferry over the River Findhorn,

Persons prosecuteH for executing this Act, may plead the same, and recover full Colli.

C. 70. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Composition do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by fh;s Act, and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persont pfiending respectively, for so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said H 'oicr Munro and his Forelaids, or their Agents and Servants, to open Stone Quarries, Sand, Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gather, take, and carry away, from such Quarries and Pits, any Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and oat of any Wade or Common Grounds lying within the said Barony of Muirtoun, for carrying on, executing, and repairing the several Piers, Quays, and Breads, and other Works already built, or authorised to be built by virtue of this Act, without paying any Thing for such Waste and Common Ground opened and used as aforesaid; and that in case the said Hcflor Munra and his Foresaids shall judge it improper and inconvenient to open, dig, and carry away. Stones and Gravel, CUy and other Materials, from the said Waste or Common Ground, and that sufficient Materials for the Purposes aforesaid cannot easily be got from the same, that then it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Option of, the said HcElor Munro and his Foresaids, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, to open, quarry, and dig, such Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials aforesaid, and to carry the same in and out of any Grounds within the said Barony of Muirtoun, where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to cause the lame to be carried oft', or so much thereof as the said HeSfor Munro and his Foresaids, and their Agents or Servants, shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for keeping the said Works in good Order and Repair; the said Heft or Munro and his Foresaids making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Surface of the Ground, and for the Value of the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials so to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground, to the Tacksmen, and other Parties interestvd in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned, and Materials carried away in Manner aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said He£1 or Munro and his Foresaids, and their Agents and Servants, to make, life, and maintain Roads from the said Waste and Common Ground, or other Grounds aforesaid, opened for quarrying and digging Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, to any Part of the River or Firth of Findhorn, or from the said Pits and Quarries so to be opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbour of Findhorn, and to make the same through any Ground belonging to any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being the Ground on which any House starids, or any Garden, Orchard, and Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any House); the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Ground through which the said Road or Roads pais, to the Proprietor, Liferenter, Tacksman. and other Parties concerned and interested in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or occassioned as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the said fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly, demolish, break down, destroy, or set on; Fire, any of the Jettees, Piers, Quays, Breads, or other Works, constructed or to be constructed in, or belonging to, the said Harbour oirind-horny or any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or being the rein, every such Person or Persons so offending shall be committed; and the Court and Courts, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indicted and tried, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to commit such Person or Persons to the neared Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time, not exceeding twelve Months, as the said Court or Courts shall think proper.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Hector Munro and his Foresaids, to make, ordain, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better deepening, clearing, cleansing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Findhorn aforesaid, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the Jettees, Piers, Quays, and other* the Works erected or to be erected, made or/set up, in the Harbour aforesaid, and for the better executing the other Purposes of this Act; and also, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem meet, fitting, and re-quisite, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding forty Shillings Sterling, so^ the Non-observance or other Breach of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them, to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and according as the Penalties under five Pounds Sterling are ordained to be recovered, levied, and applied; and the said HeRor Munro and his Foresaids shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous Place of the Town of Findhorny and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, abridge, or leften, the Right of the said Hettor Munro, his Heirs and Assigns, Proprietors of the said Barony of AIuirtouny to Ferry-boats and Dues upon and across the said River and Bay of Findhorn; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action shall be commenced against the said Heeler Munro and his Foresaids, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pur Usance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Action, may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action or Actions, and shall have full Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 71— 75.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs^ Justices of the Peace, Judges and Magistrates, with their Officers, Mell'engers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and affilling in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act {pall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all the Courts of Law and Equity, as a Public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common f Council assembled* to make a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell-street^towards the East into Biftoop[gate-street \ and also from the East End of Chfwell-street Westward into Barbican; and to raise, upon the Credit of the Surpluses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called Fhe Orphans Fund, the Sum of sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds for such Purpose.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for erecting a Building for holding the Courts and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within the City and Liberty of Westminfte>\ and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace and transrfting the other public Business of the said City and Liberty; and for appropriating Part of the Surpluses, of the Orphans Fundy toward* defraying the Expence thereof.

[Preamble.]

Commissioners appointed, who may purchase a Piece of Ground for erecting a Court-house. *4 No more than 7,500l. to be expended therein. Bodies Corporate, &c. empowered to fell and, convey Lands. The Purchase money for Lands in Settlement, to be laid out in Purchase of others to the same *4 Uses. Commissioners empowered to build the Court-house. Court-house not to be taxed higher than " the Premises purchased were taxed. Commissioners not to purchase any Ground till valued by a Sur-€C veyor. Commissioners not to begin building the Court-house, untihthey have approved of a Plan, and <4 agreed to an Estimate thereof, and contracted for building thereon. The Expence of repairing the <4 Court-house to be defrayed out of the County Rates. By whose Order the Court-house shall be re-€t paired. Recital of Act 5 iff 6 Gul. & Mar. for establishing the Orphans Fund; and 21 Geo. II. and <4 7 Geo. III. for augmenting the same. City of London to pay an Annuity of 247 /. 10 r. to the Commissioners, by Half-yearly Payments. The Mayor, idc. to grant fifty-five Bonds for securing the Annuity. The Bonds to be numbered, and may be fold. Annuities to be redeemable by the City on six Months Notice. The Orphans Fund charged with the Payment of the Annuities. The Justices to pay to the Commissioners (out of the County Rates) such further Sum as shall be necessary, not exceeding 2co0l. Expences of this Act how to be paid. Commissioners may appoint Officers, and allow them Salaries. Place and Time of first Meeting. - Fifteen Commissioners may appoint an extraordinary Meeting. Proceedings to be entered in a Book. A yearly Account of all Monies received and paid to be made by the Treasurer, and deposited with the Clerk of the Peace. Persons may inspect the Books, &c. When the Court-house is built, &c. the Authority of the Commissioners to cease, and Court-house hefted in the Dean of Westminster, &c. Saving the Rights of the Justices for Middlesex to hold their Meetings in Westminster. Writings to be without Stamps. Limitation of Actions. General Issue* Treble Costs. Public Act."

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for paving jfhe High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate-bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the Errd of Goswell-street, in the County of Middlesex; and for applying the Sum of five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surpluses to aiife out of a certain Fund commonly called Floe Orphans Fundy for such Purpose.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or ere Si a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the mote effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey; and to the South-east Side of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Furgifs, in the said County of Southampton.

WHEREAS the making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of

Southampton, through or near the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places oi Basingstoke% Ea/tropy Basing) Maplederwell, And welly Nately, Skewers, Newnhaniy Ro: Lerwick} Hartley - wejlf a ll, Fur fifty

4 Hcckfotd,

305

Justices, &c. to assist in the Execution of this Act.

Public Act

Preamble

C. 75. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

HcdfuM, G/ swell> 0diham 1 Winchfield, ttogmenfieli^ Crondell, Yately, Aldershott, Ash% Purbright, TVo* 4 ki>igy Horsel!% and Chertsey, to communicate with the River in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and from the South-east Side of the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Turgtfs, over or near Turgifs-green, and through the said Parish of Hartley-weflpall% to communicate with the said Canal at a 4 Farm called IIulPs Farmy in the said Parish of Hartley-wejlpall, will tend to improve the Lands and Efbtes within the said Counties, and will be of public Utility: And whereas the several Persons herein- after particularly named are desirous, at their own proper Coils and Charges, to make and complete such Navigable Canal as aforesaid, in case they shall be authorised so to do by Authority of Parliament:9 May it therefore, LV.

Names of Proprietors; who are incorporated. Their Title. Company of Proprietors empowered to €4 make a Navigable Canal from Basingstoke to the River IVey, and to build Bridges, Tunnels, Sluices, &c. and to dig Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, and make Towing-paths, batisfaction to be made for Damages. Canal may be carried through any Land, which, on^fan. 1, 1777, was not a Garden, <4 tsfc. Power to enter upon Lands to take Levels, WV. Width of the Ground to be taken for the Canal, &c. limited. Owners of Lands, who are under Incapacities, empowered to sell and convey the same, Sales and Conveyances to be valid. Conveyances to be inrolled. of Lands to be surrendered. Commissioners appointed to settle Differences respecting the Value of the Lands, or the Damages to be *4 sustained. If any of the Parties are dissatisfied with the Determination of the Commissioners, then the Value of the Lands, and the Damages, to be ascertained by a Jury. How the Jury shall be summoned. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of the Jury, and Judgment thereupon, to be final. Previous No- tice^to be given. Penalty on Sheriff, Coroner, Jurors, making Default. By whom the Expences of the Jury shall be paid. Party requesting the Jury, to give Security for prosecuting the Complaint. Commissioners not to receive any Complaint, unless Application be first made to the Proprietors. How Persons giving false Evidence shall be punished. Upon Payment or Tender of the Money agreed for, *4 the Company of Proprietors may take Possession of Land;, and cre6l any Works thereon. Deter* minations of the Commissioners or Jury to be recorded by the Clerk of the Peace, and may be given in Evidence. Lands vested in the Company of Proprietors. The Purchase money for Lands in Settlement, if above the Sum of 20l. to be laid out in Purchase of others to the same Uies; and until such Purchase, to be placed in the Funds. Commissioners to determine what Share of the Purchase money shall be paid to Persons having particular Interests. How Purchase money may be recovered from the Company of Proprietors. If Damages and Cods are not paid in four Months, they may be levied by Distress. Annual Rents charged upon the Rates. Method of Recovery thereof. The Canal to be carried through only certain Parts of the Estates of Mr. Ashe and Mr Penruddocke, unless they consent. Bridges to be built across the Canal. A Bridge to be made over Tundry-pond* in Dogmersfield-park 5 and Bridges across the Canal, along the Roads made by Solomon Dayrolles Esquire, near Henley park. Nothing shall be done to prejudice Mr. Dayrolies's Ponds or Mills. Certain Brooks and Streams run- ning into the River Loddon not to be diverted. * Water not to be diverted to the Prejudice of the IVey Navigation. Clause to indemnify Lord Onslow from any Loss in his Tolls, provided such Loss be oc- cafioned by means of the Canal. How the Damages are to be ascertained. Company of Proprietors not to divert any Water which usually supplies Lord Onslow's Ponds. Persons wilfully destroying the Works, to be punished as Felons. Penalty on obstructing the Navigation. Clause for securing Coals, Iron-stone, tdc. to the Owners of the Lands where found; who may cut Soughs, efr. to unwater the same; but not work any Mines within a certain Distance of any Tunnels, without Consent of the Company of Proprietors. No Mines, iffc. to be worked within twenty Yards of the Canal without Consent of Proprietors. Proprietors may examine whether Mines are worked within twenty Yards of the Canal; and in that Case, the Canal to be secured from Damage at the Expence of the Owners of the Mines. Company of Proprietors to contribute 86,000l. to be divided into Shares. No Proprietor to have less than one nor more than forty Shares. Application of the Money. The Money to be divided into 860 Shares. Shares vested in the Subscribers. What Proportion of the Profits of the Navigation each Subscriber will be intitled to Company of Proprietors empowered to raise among thera- selves a further Sum of 40,000l.; of which, any Proprietor may subscribe for ten Shares. Subscribers to be paid Intereil. Every Subscriber for one 860th Share deemed a Proprietor 5 and may vote by *4 Proxy; and shall be intitled to give one Vote for every 100l. subscribed. General Meetings of the Company of Proprietors. Committee to be appointed, rower to hold special Meetings. Committees to be subject to the Controul of the General Meetings of the Company. Books of Accounts to be locked up. On Failure of a sufficient Number at the General Assembly, no Committee shall be appointed, but another Meeting held for that Purpose. Penalty on Proprietors not attending the second 4‘ Meeting. General Assembly to audit and settle the Accounts. General Assembly and Committees em-4< powered to make Calls. Committees to manage thfc Affairs of the Company. Proprietors to pay the Calls at the Time required, under a Penalty for Default; and if not paid within two Calendar Months, then to forfeit their respective Shares. No Forfeiture of a Share to take place unless declared at a Gc- neral Assembly within six Calendar Months, tdc. General Assembly empowered to remove any of the Committee, and any of their Officers, and to revoke or alter any Rules, Directions, £5fc. Power to 4< make Bye-laws. Executors, Administrators, Guardians, &c. liable to pay the Calls.# In case of De- ficiency of Assetts, any other Persons may become Proprietors of the Shares, on paying the Money ad- vanced thereon. Proprietors enabled to sell or dispose of their Shares, iffc. After a Call is made, no Person to fell till such Call be paid. Form of the Conveyance of Shares. Company of Proprietors not ?4 10 begin any of the Works till 86,000l. be subscribed, and 10 per Cent. paid to the Treasurer. A Cleric

7

3°7

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76.

u to be appointed, who shall enter the Names of the Proprietors, and also their Proceedings. Proceed- ings of the Commissioners to be entered. The Commissioners may appoint a Clerk. Rates granted to 41 the Company of Proprietors. Method of recovering the Rates. Exemptions from Payment of Rates. Additional Rates for certain Things remaining on the Wharfs longer than twenty-four H >urs. Matter of Vessels to give an Account thereof, and of their Lading. Penalty on Refusal. Penalty on giving a 14 false Account* What shall be deemed a Ton of Timber. Vessels may be weighed or measured, in case of any Difference respecting the Rates. By whom the Expences of such weighing and measuring shall be paid. The Canal, and the Roads and Ways, open and free to all Persons on paying the Rates. 41 Dimensions of the Vessels. No Vessel under fifteen Tons to pass through the Locks without Consent of Proprietors. Clause respecting Passage Boats, Csfc. The Canal hot to be carried on the West Side 14 of Tylney-hall Park, without the Consent of Lord Tylmey. In case the Canal shall be made on the Weftr Side of Tylney-hall Park, no greater Toll to be taken than one Penny Halfpenny per Mile for a Ton. In case the Canal shall be made through Grewell-hill, it may be continued on the East Side of Tylney- hall Park to Turgifs. The Canal not to be cut through any Part of Lord Tylneys Estate till a ceitanv Proportion be completed. Proprietors empowered to make Tunnels, Drains, &c- for supplying the Canal with Water; who are to keep them in Repair. Watering-places for Cattle to be preserved. Towing-paths to be separated and fenced from the adjoining Lands. Convenient Bridges or Arches to be made over the Canal, dsV. If the Company of Proprietors shall not make proper Fences, Bridges, fcfc. the Owners of the adjoining Lands may make the same, and recover the Expences from the Company. Owners of Lands authorised to alter any such Fences, Bridges, isc* at their own Expence, with Consent of the Committee. The Company restrained from creating any Mills on the Canal,

and from erecting any Warehouses, Wharfs, £sV. near any capital House, or on any Garden, &c. with- out Consent of the Owners; and from cutting down Timber, except within the Line of the Canal. Lords of the Manors, and Owners of Land, not to be restrained from erecting Wharfs, Quays, &c. 14 within their Manors or Lands; or from landing Goods thereat. Rates payable for the same, vested in the said Lords and Owners. If fuclTLords or Owners shall not (upon receiving proper Notice from the Company of Proprietors) erect sufficient Warehouses, fcfr. the same may be done by the Company, ow making oatisfaction. What shall be paid for Wharfage. Names of the Matters to be painted on the Vessels. Vessels may be measured at any Time, at Expence of the Company. Graduated Figures to be painted on Vessels, denoting their Weight. Penalty on Masters for Neglect, bV. Owners of Vessels answerable for Damage done by their Bargemen, Company of Proprietors authorised to make- Spaces for Vessels to turn' or pass each other. Penalty on Bargemen suffering the Water to remain in any Lock longer than is necessary $ and on not properly opening and shutting the Gates of the Locks, <4 tiV. Penalty on Persons wilfully placing their Vessels so as to obstruct the Navigation. Vessels funic may be weighed by the Company, at the Expence of the Owners. Penalty on Persons obstructing the Navigation by floating Timber, or over-loading Vessels, {ffr. and on Persons throwing Rubbish into the Canal. The Canal not to be under the Controul of the Commissioners of Sewers. Penalty on Bargemen having on Board Guns, to take or destroy any Fish or Game; and on the Matter permitting the same. Proviso relating to the River Wey. Three Parts of a Map or Plan, with proper References, to be signed by the Speaker of the House of Commons. With what Persons they shall be deposited. Proprietors shall not deviate from the Line laid down in the Plan, without Consent of Land- owners or the Commissioners, except in certain cases. The Line of the Canal in Dogmersfield-park not to be deviated^from, without Sir Henry St. John's Consent. The Company may make Branches front' the Canal to Lime-kilns, l£c. with Consent of the Land-owners. Proprietors of the Wey Navigation- shall receive Tonnage of i r. only, for Boats, between the Canal and the Thames. The IVey Propric- tors to keep their Locks 81 Feet long and 14 Feet wide, and in good Repair When Commissioners die, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Qualification of Commissioners. Penalty on a ding if not qualified. Commissioners to be sworn. The Oath. Notice to be given of the Commissioners Meetings. Commissioners may act as Justices. No Commissioner to hold any Place of Profit under this Act. Commissioners to hold Special General Meetings, if required by the Company of Proprie- tors, or by any Owners of Lands. A journment of Meetings of Commissioners. Commissioners may hold Special Meetings for ascertaining Damage®. Places of holding the Commissioners Meetings. AIT Business at Meetings to be determined by a Majority. Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors, and Owners of Lands. Company of Proprietors not empowered to make any Erections or Buildings othec than for the Purpose of the Navigation. Owners of Lands may use Pleasu re-boats, free of Duty. Lands in Possession of the Company, not made use of for five Years, &c. shall be reconveyed to the former Owners. How the Value thereof shall be ascertained. Writings exempt from Stamp-duty. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form. The Canal to be measured, and Stones set up, in* order to ascertain the Rates. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Distrds not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. If Subscribers neglect to pay their Subscriptions, they may be sued. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. Public Act."

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town of Dover in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of St. Mary the Virgin and St. James the Apojile in me said Town and County and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

308 C. 77 - 80. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within such Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex> as is extra-parochial; and certain Parts of Magpie-alley and Blossom-street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the said County £ and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein*.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for applying the Sum of nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly cabled The Orphans Fundy for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spital* fields to Bishopsgate^s*treet, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for paying, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of Northampton 5 and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for widening and improving a certain Avenue called Dirty-lane, and Part of Brick-lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spital-fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for paving Dirty-lane^ and also the East Side of retti coat-lane, from Whitechapel High street to Wentworth-street; the said Avenue called Wentworth-street 5 from thence in one continued Line through Old Montague-street^ Chapel-street, and Pririces-roiLr, to Baker's-row inclusive, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the same; andf fot removing all Obstructions and Incroachments therefrom, ancf preventing the like for the future.

---

The

Statutes at large,

Anno decimo nono GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the FIFTH Session of the

FOURTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

Vol. XIII. Part III.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 19 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for further continuing an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

4. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Muslins, Callicoes, and Coffee.

5. An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom.

6. An Act to authorise the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to order any Court-martial, which may be appointed on the Charge of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser against the Honourable Admiral Augustus Keppel, to be holden on Shore.

7. An Act for making the Church or Chapel erected by Charles Roe Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the same, and vesting the Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels for a limited Time.

10. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof.

11. An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Agreements, made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the sad Town and Neighbourhood; and for regulating the Prices of carrying Coals from the Repository at Casson-close.

12. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

13. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hartsmere, Hoxne, and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk.

14. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

15. An Act to continue an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses), for a further Time therein limited.

16. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

17. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and forces by Sea.

18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

20. An Act for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for repealing two Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second for those Purposes.

21. An Act for licensing and regulating Lottery-office Keepers.

22. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America, to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages.

23. An Act more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, established by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing and well governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, to take or acquire, and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property, to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act.

24. An Act for charging the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, with further Taxes, for a limited Time for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second; and for supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands.

25. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

26. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

27. An Act for further continuing and extending the Provisions of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British chequed and striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth.

28. An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods enumerated in the Act of Navigation to be imported in British built Ships sold to Foreigners, and for releasing Ships and Goods which have been seized in pursuance of the said Act.

29. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

30. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford (except the Parish of Hadleigh), and also of the Parish of Polsted, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of Suffolk.

31. An Act for building a new Assize or Town Hall and Market-house, within the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset; and for regulating the Markets within the said City or Borough.

32. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the fourth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Piper’s Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to Athelney bridge; and also for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City or Borough of Wells, in the said County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

33. An Act for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands in the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, Halsall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

34. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Inverted Lands.

35. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland; and to permit the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America is permitted to be imported.

36. An Act for erecting a Market-house, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough.

37. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time.

38. An Act for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

39. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

40. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch.

41. An Act for granting a Drawback of the Duties, imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon all foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

42. An Act to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

43. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Horncastle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of Great Sturton), and within the Wapentakes of Louth Eske, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freiston, and Fishtoft, in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

44. An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and Schoolmasters.

45. An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copy-hold and Customary Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy.

46. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Pembroke.

47. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

48. An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, as relates to the importation into this Kingdom, and other his Majesty's Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in foreign Parts; for preventing Matters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull.

49. An Act to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages to Persons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Manufactory.

50. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned.

52. An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only.

53. An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton-wool, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

54. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

55. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

56. An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments; as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction.

57. An Act for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry.

58. An Act for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex.

59. An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned.

60. An Act for establishing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael in the City of Coventry for the Time being in Lieu of Tithes; and for repealing so much of an Act of the fourth and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish.

61. An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the Course of the present Year.

62. An Act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond.

63. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

64. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

65. An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster.

66. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for better securing the Stamp-duties upon Indentures, Leases, Deeds, and other Instruments.

67. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy.

68. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

69. An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

70. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for other Purposes.

71. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

72. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

73. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders.

75. An Act for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty's Navy, for a limited Time.

76. An Act for augmenting the Militia.

77. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildart and his Sureties, and for vesting the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act passed in twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham; for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River; and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over the same more commodious.

79. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton-hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the liberties of the said Town of Berwick.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby-gate, adjoining to Hutton-moor, in the Way to Ripon; and through Ainderby, Quernoy, and Nosterfield, by Well Flashes Gate, to Matham, in the County of York; and likewise for removing the Toll-house and Turnpike-gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from Borough-bridge to the City of Durham.

81. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon.

82. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry.

83. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of three Acts passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the fifteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Buckingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Beaconsfield to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex,

84. An Act for widening and repairing a Lane called Pitt’s or Sheppard’s Lanes leading from the Market-house in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said County; and for turning the Course of the present Road, leading from Ray-mills and Cookham to the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead aforesaid.

85. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County.

86. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltisley, Waresley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford.

87. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield, to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone-lane Head; and also the Road branching from the said Roads upon the East Moor, through Baslow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow-mires; and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch, from Calver-bridge to Baslow bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Roads near Newhaven-house, to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford-bridge, in the County of Derby.

88. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading from Upton, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn.

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County.

91. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill, in the County of Warwick; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road.

92. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for repealing several Acts made in the thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the fourth and twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads.

93. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts.

95. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for the Repair of the said Roads.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, Castleton, to Sparrowpit-gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post, near Barber’s Fields Cupola, through Grindleford-bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidswell, Hargate-wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of Derby.

97. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

98. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, far repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gander-lane in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Mosbrough-green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown, in the same County.

100. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads leading to the said Town.

101. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdowngate in Popham-lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham-bridge and Winborne Minster in the County of Dorset, and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood-gate in the said County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling in the said County.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence through the Town of Llangadock to the River Amman, and several other Roads in the said County communicating therewith.

103. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

104. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

105. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Seaport Town of Workington in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid.

106. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Lamont Bridge, in the said County.

107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell and Rhuddian, in the same County, and from thence to the Ferry-house, opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold; as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmoreland.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same County; and from thence to the Ferry-house, opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold; as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Lantrissent, and also the Road leading from Newbridge to a Place called the Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castlecombe, in the County of Wilts.

112. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge in the County of Somerset.

113. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

114. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-house, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop; and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side-gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bisley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill; all in the County of Gloucester.

116. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

117. An Act for making and repairing several Roads round the City of Bristol.

118. An Act for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone; and also the Roads to and near Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury; and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

119. An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws now in Force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittensor to the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaid.

120. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the eighth Year of King George the First, and the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn-bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow’s Herne, in the County of Hertford.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 19 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Winsorton, in the County of Hereford.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Hose.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Wood Bastwick, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act to enlarge, explain and amend the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Floore otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton.

6. An Act for naturalizing Theodorus Martinus Mispelblom Beijer.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Commonable Places in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester.

8. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields and Common Downs within the Manor of Milston and Brigmerston, in the County of Wilts.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brattleby, in the County of Lincoln.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Grounds of Croft, in the County of Leicester.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Pasture and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of West Witton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands within the Hamlet, Vill or Tithing of Ablingdon, in the Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Binton, and in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath or Waste Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Coleshill, in the County of Warwick.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Open Fields within the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Places in the Lordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe, and Thorpe Acre, in the County of Leicester.

18. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving certain Commons, Lands and Grounds in the Township of Ashwith, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Broom, in the County of Stafford.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage had between the Right Honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy, Poynings, Fitzpayne, Bryan and Latimer, and the Right Honourable Ann Baroness Percy his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee Acton Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee before and jointly with the Surname of Acton, pursuant to the Will of Baptist Lee Esquire, deceased.

22. An Act to enable William House the younger, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of The Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and the Right Honourable John Lord Monson, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Hertford and Bucks (the Settled Estates of Jane Willson, the Wife of George Willson Esquire), in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Lands, called Dunsley and Haffcott Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Pastures and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Willingham, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas upon certain Stinted Pastures, within the Parish of West Stower, in the County of Dorset; and for allotting Lands in Exchange for Part of the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish.

28. An Act for allotting, dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land within the Parish of Aven Dasset, in the County of Warwick.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Badby, in the County of Northampton.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Mayseyhampton, in the County of Gloucester.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and all other Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Himbleton, in the County of Worcester.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and all other Commonable Land in the Parish of Grafton Flyford, in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the Township of Cropthorn, in the Parish of Cropthorn, and County of Worcester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Elton, in the County of Huntingdon.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Herberbury otherwise Harbury, in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woodend, in the Parish of Blakesley, in the County of Northampton.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures and Common or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton under Bardon, in the Parish of Thornton, and County of Leicester.

38. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows and Commons, or Waste Lands within the Parish of Huttoft in the County of Lincoln.

39. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Parish of Cainham, in the County of Salop.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Piece of Waste Ground within the Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of Campsal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Buckland, in the County of Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Knighton, in the County of Dorset.

43. An Act to enable John Raincock, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher Fleming, deceased.

44. An Act for naturalizing Henry Amsinck.

45. An Act for establishing an Exchange between George Earl of Shrewsbury, and Thomas Gilbert Esquire, of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Stafford; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, between the Honourable Charles William Wyndham and others the Devisees of Charles late Earl of Egremont deceased, and their Issue, and Charles Marquis of Granby, and Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and for vesting and settling the same to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for several other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leases of his Freehold Estates in Middlesex during his Minority, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for Sale of the next Presentations to certain Livings, late the Estates of Sir Griffith Boynton Baronet, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for substituting other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his younger Children's Fortunes, in lieu of those by his Will charged therewith; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Henry Scourfield Esquire, situate in the County of Brecon, and for purchasing other Estates in the County of Pembroke, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

50. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, the settled Estate of John Tempest Esquire, situate in the County of Kent, in Trust, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

51. An Act to impower certain Persons to infranchise divers Copyhold and Customary Lands and Tenements within the several Manors or Lordships of Titchfield, Lee, Marks and Mirabell, Crofton and Newland, in the County of Southampton; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire, during his Life, and after his Death the Guardian or Guardians of his Issue Male by the Honourable Frances Bowater his Wife, during their respective Infancies, to grant Building Leases of his settled Estates at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kent.

53. An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, and in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Churchill Esquire, and Lady Maria his Wife, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of some of the Trust Securities for the advancing to the Children, in their Father's Life-time, Part of their Portions provided for them by the Settlement, but thereby not made payable till after his Decease.

54. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Carmarthen, Brecon and Radnor (devised by the Will of Roderick Gwynne Esquire, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

55. An Act for varying certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Darwen Moor, in the Parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Irthington, in the County of Cumberland.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Claxton otherwise Long Clawson, in the County of Leicester.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Liberties of Bucknell, in the County of Oxford.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor of Ashover in the County of Derby.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of Oxford.

63. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Commonable and Waste Lands, called Acton Common, Marlepit Common and Cock Shute, within the Parish of Iron Acton, in the County of Gloucester.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields of Leire in the County of Leicester.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Common or Waste Ground called Kingswood, which lies in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Gloucester.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Clifford Chambers, in the County of Gloucester.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and Hulcot, in the County of Bucks.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Common, or Open Fields and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Wilts; and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Market Raisin, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Manors, Lordships or Liberties of Kibworth Beauchamp, Kibworth Harcourt and Smeeton Westerby, in the Parish of Kibworth Beauchamp, in the County of Leicester.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Lands of and within the Manor, Lordship or Liberties of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and other Commonable Lands within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of Kintbury, in the County of Berks.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Oulton Heath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford.

75. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places in the Manor and Parish of Wanborough, in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Kislingbury, in the County of Northampton.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Milton otherwise Middleton, Malsor and Collingtree otherwise Collingtrough, in the County of Northampton.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable and Waste Lands of Idbury, Bowld and Foscott, within the Manor and Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham.

80. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Mary Edwards, deceased, Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

81. An Act for naturalizing Peter Daillé Bonnevaux.

82. An Act for naturalizing John Sellon.

83. An Act for naturalizing James Charnaud.

84. An Act for appointing new Trustees, in the Place of those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates late of Sir William Dalston Knight, as will be sufficient for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged thereof.

85. An Act for enabling the Trustees, named in the Will of Richard Persehowse, late of Reynolds Hall, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased, to borrow and take up at Interest, on Mortgage of the Freehold Estates late of the said Richard Persehowse, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand three hundred Pounds, to be applied in or towards the Purchase of the Copyhold Estates late of the said Richard Persehowse.

86. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estate late belonging to Thomas Rous Esquire, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Monies arising therefrom towards discharging certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late John Nicoll, of Bolton, in the County of York, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Commons, Moors and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesall, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Evenly otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton.

90. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Osborne, Baron Osborne of Kiveton, in the County of York, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, with Lady Amelia D'Arcy, Baroness Conyers his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution, an Award touching certain Questions and Disputes between the Right Honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and Isabella Lady Beaulieu his Wife, and the Most Noble George Duke of Montagu, Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and Elizabeth Duchess of Buccleugh his Wife, and the Right Honourable Charles William, eldest Son of the said Duke and Duchess of Buccleugh, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith.

92. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Estates situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Redcliffe and Saint Thomas, or one of them, in the City of Bristol, given by Thomas Eden the Elder, late of Broadmarston, in the Parish of Pebworth, in the County of Gloucester, Gentleman, for charitable Uses, to grant Building Leases thereof.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Shack Meadows and Heaths, and other Commons, Waste and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Darsingham otherwise Dersingham, in the County of Norfolk.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Morland, in the Parish of Morland, in the County of Westmorland.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, Meadows and Waste Lands within the Parish of Chisledon, in the County of Wilts.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Lands and Brecks, Common Fields, Half Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Grimston, in the County of Norfolk.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the Township of Cranage, in the County Palatine of Chester.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hasland, in the County of Derby.

99. An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Allotment of certain Commons or Forest and Waste Lands within the Parish of Elksley, in the County of Nottingham.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of Buckingham.

101. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Scaly, with Ann Woodroffe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bailey Heath Sewell Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Birmingham his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Bromfield with Ann Broom his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Frantois Dumergue with Ann Catherine his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmorland.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Nono.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-sixth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; being the fifth Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

[Further continued till Jan. 1. 1780.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

4s.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Muslins, Callicoes, and Coffee.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS there are great Quantities of Muslins and white Callicoes still remaining in the Kingdom, which were imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which, by Reason of the Interruption given to Trade by the Rebellion and Disturb- ances subsisting in federal of the British Colonies in North America, the Proprietors of such Goods have not been, and may not be, able to export within the Term of three Years from the Importation there- of, being the Time limited by Law to intiile them to receive the Drawback of the Duties thereon;

and it is reasonable and necessary that some further Time should be granted for the Exportation of such Goods \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for all Muslins and white Callicoes which were imported by the said United Company into this Kingdom, in the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and which shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and for all Muslins and white Callicoes imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company, in the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and one thousand seven hundred and fevcuty-leven, and which shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and for ail Aluflins and white Callicoes which have been exported from this Kingdom, and which were returned here for want of a Market abroad, on or before the thirtieth Day of December, ore thous.ind seven hundred and seventy-five, and which shall be re-expoited again from hence before the thirtieth Day c t December, one thousand seven

The Term limited by Ljw for paying the Drawback on the Expect’.lion of MlA r 3 and *hite C-Iiicccs, extended.

310 C. 5. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

l€th Geo III. Cap. 5*. recited.

hundred and eighty, whether such Muslins or Callicoes shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in this Kingdom, or nor, the Exporter or Exporters of such Goods shall he allowed and paid the lame Drawbacks, under the like Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would be intitled and liable to, in case such Goods had been exported within the Teim of three Years from the Importation or Return thenof; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-withstanding.

?art of the said AO, retiring to the Drawback on the Exportation of v olhce to Ireland or America, extended to erher foreign Parts.

Preamble; reciting his- Majesty's v)rrer in Council of July *9. 1778.

»8 Geo. III. Cap. 15, extended .0 P, izes taken from the French since

.1 '!y >9* «773>

*c.

Such Prizes, atier Corviem-nn.tion, to be lub]cfl to the same Duties, Sec, 33 ether Prizes. Prize Goods brought into Ireland to be lub-j«.£t to the same Cust-m *, &c. as if 1 moored there at Muchar.d;zc,

seventy-three), it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That, for and during the Term of five Years, to

be computed from the Time of Importation, there should be drawn back and allowed, for all Coffee which should be exported from this Kingdom as Merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British Colo- nies or Plantations in America, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the same Draw backs or Allowances, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would have been intitled to in case such Coffee had been exported within the Term of three Years from the Times of the Importation thereof: And whereas very small Quantities of Coffee are exported from this Kingdom Ireland or the Plantations, the principal and - hiet of such

Exportations being to Germany, and other Parts of Europe*, and it is expedient that the said in Parr re- cited Act should extend to other foreign Parts;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said in part recited Act shall extend, anil be construed to extend, to allow the 1 ke Drawback for any Coffee which hath been exported from this Kingdom to any foreign Parts, since the fifrn Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy* fix, and which then remained in the said Company’s Warehouses unfold, or which (Eall he hereafter so exported to any foreign Parts within the Term of five Years from the Importation thereof, under the same Rules and Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the former Drawback was allowed; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twenty-ninth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, was pleased to order that General Reprisals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the French King, and that as well all his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessids that shall be commissioned, by Letters of Marque or General Reprisals or otherwise, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, ill211 and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the French King or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the French King, and bring the lame to Judgment in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas it is expedient that the several Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled,

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom), should be extended in like Manner to all Prize Goods which have been, or may be, taken from the French, in pursuance of his Majesty's said Orijer in Council;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, made in the Eft Session of Parliament, and all the Articles, Clauses, and Provisions therein, shall extend, and be conllrued to extend, to all Prize Goods which have been taken from the French since the twenty-ninth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or which shall hereafter be tnken, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with France, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or other Ship or Veil’d having Commission or other Authority from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships or Vessels which shall have been, or which shall be so t=ken as aforesaid, shall, upon Condemnation as lawful Prize, be iobject and liable to the fume Duties, Cufhm% RtftruStions, and Regulations, and shall be intitled to the same Privileges and Advantages, in all Respcdis, to which Ships and Vessels taken and condemned as Prize are subject and liable to, ant) inti-led to, by any Law or Statute of this Realm.

III. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom, shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, which shall be taken as Prize and brought into the Kingdom of Ireland, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being {abject to such Restrictions and Regulations to which the lame now are or may be liable, by virtue of any Law or Statute made in that Kingdom, in case the same had been imported theie as Merchandize in the ordinary Course of Trade, and not brought in as Prize.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779. C. 6, 7. 311

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tea, or other East India Goods, which are or may be liable to any Duties ad valorem, which shall be taken and condemned as Prize, shall be exported from this Kingdom to Ireland, the Certificates, Cocquets, and other Documents, shall express the Price or Value at which such Goods were sold by the Capturs or their Agents upon Condemnation; and such Cocquets and other Documents shall have the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, upon the Importation of such Goods into Ireland, as if the said Goods had been imported by, and sold at, the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

CAP. VI.

An Act to authorize the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to order any Court-martial, which may be appointed on the Charge of Vice-Admiral Sir Hugh Pallifcr against the Honourable Admiral Augustus Keppet, to be holden on Shore.

WHEREAS by the Laws now in being, Courts-martial for the Trial of Officers, Mniners, Soldiers, and other Persons in or belonging to his Majesty's Fleet, a/e to be holden on Ship-board, and no Member of such Courts-martial after the Trial is begun can go on Shoie until Sentence be given, but is to remain on Board the Ship in which the said Court hid assembles, except in Case of Sickness: And whereas the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord H'gh Admiral, have intimated an Intention to order a Court-martial, on a Charge exhibited by Vice-Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser against the Honourable Augustus Keppel, Admiral and Commander in Chief of a Fleet of his Mjjdly’s Ships of War, for the Tr»al of the said Admiral on that Charge: And whereas, by Reason of his infirm State of Health, the necestery Attendance of the said Admiral on such Court-martial may greatly endanger his Life i’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Hull and may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, to order that, after such Court-martial shall have been duly assembled and constituted, and the Members thereof, and the Judge Advocate, duly sworn, according to the Laws now in being, the said Court shall be adjourned to, and holden in, such convenient Place on Shore, as to the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall teem nectTury or expedient; and such Court-martial is and shall hereby be authorised and required to adjourn to such Place accordingly, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, after such Adjournment shall have taken place, no Member of such Court-martial shall separate and depart from the Houte in which such Court-martial shall be directed to be held until the Tiial is ended, except in case of Sickness, to be judged of by the said Court, up >n Pain of being caflvered f om his Majesty's Service; and that the said Court-martial shall be holden and proceed in all other Respects in the same Manner and Form as if the same should continue on boaid the Ship in which it is originally to be assembled.

CAP. VII.

An Act for making the Church or Chapel erected by Charles Roe Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the same, and veiling the Right of Nomination or Prdentation thereof in the said Charles Rce> his Heirs and Assigns, and for other Purposes.

3*1

tSreflio"* renting to East India Goodt which shall be taken * Prize and exported to lie* land.

[Preamble.]

After the Court* martial for the Trial o: Admiral Kcppe have b. t n c m-ar.d

sworn, it shall adjourn to such convenient Puce on Sho"r as shall b? apruinied by the Commihcn* er*» of the Admiralty.

No M tnher of the Court-martial to depart ficm the House in which it shall be held during the Trial, except in case of Sickness.

WHEREAS Charles Roc, of Macclesfield, in the Parish of Prejlhury and County Palatine of Chester, Esquire, hath, at his own Expence, erected a Church or Chapel in the said Town of Macclesfield, and fitted up the same, in a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, for the Performance of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and hath also allotted, set out, and inclosed, a Piece of Ground (which hath been already consecrated) as and for a Cemetery or Burying-ground belonging to the said Church or Chapel, containing Eighty Yards in Length, and Seventy Yards in Breadth, Part of a certain Field commonly called 27/ Mar ley Hank, the Property of the said Charles Roe: And whereas the said Charles Roe is willing and desirous to endow the said Church or Chapel with the Sum of one hundred Pounds per Annum, to the Minister, and proper Salaries to the Clerk, Organilt, Sexton, and other proper Officers and Ainflants, to be paid out of the Rents aiiling, or to arise, from the Sears, Pews, or Sitting-places, in the said Church or Chapel; and also to advance and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds for the Purpose of augmenting the Maintenance of the Ministers of Rainczu ami Sa tersford Chapels, within the said Parish of Prejlhury or of augment- ing the Maintenance of the Minister of either of the said Chapels singly, or of a; y other Chapel or Chapels within the said Parish, according to the Discretion of the Vicar of Prejlhury for the Time being, in the Manner directed by, or in pursuance of, an Act of Pat harmfnt made in ih~ fe end and third Years of the Reign of her ldte Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the M.intcrance of the poor Clergy: And whereas Charles Legh, of Adliugton, in the said Parish of Prejlhury, E'qui.e, he Pa- tron, and Peter Meyer Clerk, the Vicar of the ranfh Church of Prejlhury aforesaid, by and with tue

S f 2 4 Co.i.ent

Preamble; reciting that Charles Roe Eloi ire hath bu it a Clmrch in Mj clesfield, an mcIoTd a Him ing-ground for the lame, See,

312 C. 7. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

ChnrrVi or Chapel to be execrated, &c. and rracie a peipe-tual Cure.

R:gbt of Prc-i’ennrion veiled in Mr. Roc, &c.

Min'Orr inror-poratt d, and the Church or Chapel veiled in lum.

Church or Chapel to be fubi«6t co the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Chester.

Not to be deemed a new Parish, nor to affect any Afiefiincnti.

Du»y of the Minuter or Curate.

Minister absenting, or rjegledl-ing his Duty/ Core to be deemed vacant, snd be filled of by Mr, Roe, &c.

Consent of Beilly Lord Bishop of Chester, the proper Ordinary of the same, have, in Consideration of the Premises aforesaid, conferred and agreed that the said Charles Roc, his Heirs and Assigns, shall, from and after the Consecration of the said new Church or Chape), have the sole Right of nominating or pre-

Tenting a proper Person, to be from Time to Time licensed by the said Lord Bishop of Chester, and his Successors, to perform Divine Service therein, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and also of appointing Church or Chapel Wardens, Clerks, Organifts, Sextons, and other proper Officers and Assistants, for the Service of the said Church or Chapel: And whereas the en- dowing the said Church or Chapel, according to the pious and charitable Intention of the said Charles Roe, will be of great Uility to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Macclesfield, and tend to promote the Worship of Almighty God; and it is just and reasonable, that the Right of Nomination or Presenta- tion of the Minister, and of appointing other Officers for officiating in the said Church or Chapel, should be vested in the said Charles Rce, his Heirs and Assigns, yet the same cannot be effectually done, and firmly established, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:’ Therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject, the said Charles Roe* doth most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Church or Chapel shall be set apart, consecrated, and dedicated, to and for the Service of Almighty God, as and for a Place of Divine Worship according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever; and shall, when and as soon as the same shall be so consecrated and dedicated, be, and is hereby declared to be, from thenceforth, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by the Name of Christ Church or Chapel, in the Town of Macclesfield.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the perpetual Right of Nomination or Presentation of, in, and to the said Church or Chapel shall, immediately after the Consecration thereof, be veiled in, and settled upon, the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Charles Roe, his Heirs or Assigns, immediately after the said Church or Chapel shall be consecrated, to nominate and appoint a Minister, duly qualified according to Law, to officiate and perform Divine Service therein; and that such Administer shall, after such Nomination and Appointment (and a Licence obtained from the Lord Bishop of Chester for the Time being, for performing Divine Service in the said Church or Chapel), be deemed and taken, by virtue of this Act, to be incorporated and made one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Minister or Curate of Christ Church or Chapel, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and be enabled to sue and be sued in all Courts of this Realm; and the said Church or Chapel shall be vefbd in the said Minister or Curate so to be first nominated and appointed, and licensed, and his Successors Ministers or Curates of the said Church or Chapel, for ever, in the same Manner as the Freehold and Inheritance of a Parish Church is by the Laws of this Realm vested in the Incumbent thereof; and the said Church or Chapel, and the Minister or Curate thereof for the Time being, and also the Church or Chapel Wardens thereof for the Time being, to be respectively appointed in Manner herein after directed, shall be under and subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Chester, and his Successors, and shall be visited in such Manner as other Churches and Chapels in the Diocese of Chester are visited.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to make any new Parish, or to aftedl or alter any Payments or Assessments, either parliamentary or parochial.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or Curate of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being shall h mself, every Sunday Morning and Evening, read in the said Church or Chapel the Prayers prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer or Public Liturgy of the Church of England\ and shall on every Day in Passion JVeek, and on every Tuesday and Thursday weekly during the whole Year and on every other Day which is set apart for Public Worship by the Church of England, in like Manner read, in the said Church or Chapel, the Morning Prayers prescribed in the said Book of Common Prayer for such Days respectively; and shall on every Sunday throughout the Year, as well in the Morning as in the Evening (except in the Mornings of such Sundays on which the Sacrament shall be administered in the said Church or Chapel), and on every Christ mas-day, Good-friday, and fife ension-day, in the Morning, arter Divine Service performed, preach a Sermon in the said Church or Chapel; and also on every Easter-sunday, Whitsunday, and Christ mas-day, and also upon the last Sunday in every Month (except in the Month of December, and in the Months in which Easier-day and Whitsunday shall happen), administer the Holy Sacrament in the said Church or Chapel; and if the said Minister or Curate shall be prevented or hindered by Sickness, or any other reasonable Cause, from performing the Duties above respectively required and enjoined, or any of them, then and in any such Case he shall find and procure some other able Minister or Curate to do and perform the same respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Minister or Curate for the Time being shall, at any Time after being appointed thereto, withdraw or absent himself, or shall not reside within the Town of Macclesfield aforesaid, and do the Duty himself of the said Church or Chapel, either by Means of having any other Preferment in the Church, or on any other Account or Pretence whatsoever, for more than the Space of six Weeks at a Time, or more than the Space of Three Calendar Months in any one Year, (Sickness or other unavoidable Cause of Absence excepted), or if, during such his Absence or Sickness, the said Church or Chanel shall not he duly served and (applied, by the said Minister or Curate’s neglecting to procure some other fit and proper Minister or Ministers to supply his Place, or do Duty therein; and if such wilful Non-residence, beyond the Time allowed, or such Neglect as aforesaid, be proved by sufficient Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the Lord Bishop of Chester for the Time being, then, and from thenceforth, his Cure shall become and be deemed vacant and void, and the said Charles Roe, his Heirs or Assigns, shall nominate or present some other fit and proper Person (to be licensed in Manner aforesaid)

2

3*3

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C.

in the Room or Place of the Person so absenting himself, or being guilty of such Neglect as aforesaid; and such Person so to be nominated or presented, and licufted, shall be Rbjrd md i-able to the like Dilabi-lir v for Non-residence, or being guilty of such Neglect as aforesaid, as the Person or Persons, he or they, shall from Time to Time succeed, was or were subject and liable to, any Licence or Dispensation to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Did Church or Chapel shall be fullered to remain If Vacancy not

void for the Space of six Calendar Months without any Nomination o* IT ft:.tat!' n thereunto by virtue of filled up ,n a thus Ad as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Nomination 01 i’rtiem mo:, to the Liu Church or Chapel shall lapse to the Ordinary, and from him to the Metropolitan, and irom h:m to the Crown, according to the Ccurfe of Law in Presentative Livings or Benefices; and the Right of Nomination or Presention to the said Church or Chapel shall and may be recovered, and the Incumbency thereof may and shall cease and be determined, in like Manner as the Presentation to, or Incumbency in, any Vicarage Presentative may now be recovered or determined.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Marriages shall be had or solemnized, nor shall any Graves g°r^nar^a^",or or Burying-places be made or allowed, within the said new Church or Chapel (except for the Interment in?he$aew

of the Family of the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Christenings in the said new Church or Chapel, and all Burials in the Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying-ground belonging thereto, shall be registered as usual in the Register of the old Chapel, in the said Town of Macclesfield.

IX. And, in order that the said new Church or Chapel may not prejudice the old Chapel in the said c Town of Macclesfield, nor lefien the Revenues thereof ;’ be it further enacted, That if any Woman or DWeFef*for

C hatchings ana

certain Time by Mr. Re, &c.

the Rir.ht of Nomin*uon to laps.* in the usual Order.

Church.

Christenings and Bmirds to be rendered in the old Chapel.

Burials

One-half of which to be accounted for to the Minister, &c. of the old Chapel.

Women shall chuse to be churched in the said new Church or Chapel, or if the Representative or Repre- Ch,‘T^lngSi Dntatives of any deceased Person or Persons shall be desirous of having the Corpse of such deceased Person or Persons buried in the said new Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying-ground, by the Minister or Curate thereof, such Person or Persons shall pay to the Minister or Curate of the said new Church or Chapd double the Fees which are usually and of Right ought to be paid for every such Churching or Burial at the said old Chapel; and the said Minister or Curate, and his Successors, mall, from Time to Time, collect and receive such double Fees, and account for and pay one Moiery or Half Part thereof to the Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, of the old Chapel in the said Town of Macclesfield for the Time being, to be divided among them in such Shares and Proportions as the Lees payable at the said old Chapel are divided; and the remaining Moiety shall be divided between the Minister or Curate, Clerk, and Sexton, of the said new Church or Chapel, in such Shares and Proportions as Fees of the like Nature, and for the like Services, are usually or of Right ought to be divided among the Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, of the said old Chapel: And in case of any Refusal or Neglect of the Minister or Curate of the said new Church How to be re-Or Chapel, to pay the said several Fees weekly, as he shall receive the same, to the said Minister, Clerk, covered, and Sexton, of the said old Chapel, upon Demand, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Minister, Clerk, and Sexton respectively, of the said old Chapel for the Time being, in such Manner as any Surplice-fees demanded and taken at the said old Chapel may be recovered, or by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the County Palatine of Chejhr, wherein no Fftoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ground shall be broken up or opened within any Part Rates for Burial

of the said Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying-ground (excepting in that Part which has ,hr new

been, and now is, set apart and appropriated for the burying of the Poor, being one-fourth Part of the ur)ing-groun Whole of the said Church or Chapel Yard}, there shall be paid to the said Charles Roc, his Heirs or Af-

signs, the Sum of two Pounds two Shillings for every Piece of such Ground containing Light Feet in Length, and five Feet in Breadth.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Roc, his Heirs church or Cha.

and Assigns, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, upon, or immediately after the Consecration pei Wardens to

of the said Church or Chapel, to nominate and appoint two such Persons as he or they shall think fit, to hr appointed by

be and act as Church or Chapel Wardens thereof, until Ecjler Week next after such Appointment, and Mr. Roe. his from thenceforth, upon every Eajhr Monday yearly for ever, in like Manner to nominate and appoint two such other Persons as aforesaid, to be and act as Church or Chapel Wardens for the Time being, of the Did Church or Chapel; and the respective Persons to be nominated and appointed in Manner above mentioned, being duly sworn according to Law, shall be and act as Churc h or Chapel Wardens of the said Church or Chapd, and (had continue in the said Office for one whole Year after such respefitive Appointments, and until others shall be appointed and sworn in their Room or Stead.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Roe* his

Heirs and Assigns, to nominate and appoint such Persons as he or they shall think fit, to officiate as Clerk,

(Jrganift, ard Sexton, in the said Church or Chapel, and such other Assistants or Persons as he or they fhdl think necestary for the Service of the said Church or Chapel, with such Salaries or Stipends as the said Charles Roe, his Heirs or Assigns, shall think proper, and also, from Time to Time, to remove such Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other Persons respectively, upon just and reasonable Cause; and the blades or Stipends of such Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other Persons so to be appointed, shall be paid by the Church or Chapel Wardens to be appointed as aforesaid, out of the Money anting by the Rents of Pews or Sens in the Did Church or Chapel, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so many of the Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chanel shall be, and are hereby declared to be, vested in the said Church or Chapd Wardens, as being let, the Rents arising therefrom shall be Diffident to produce the Sum of one hundred and eighty Pounds per /nnu7?:> in Trust, for paying the Salaries or Stipends to the Did Minister or Curate, Clerk, Organist, Sexton, and other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, and other the Purposes in this Act mentioned -x and the rest of

th

Heirs, &c.

Clerk, Orpanlft* See. to be appointed by Mr* Rcc, Uc.

Rents of Seat? t 1 he Amt tint

ct ife’o I p-r An. vc:v; m

the *. liu,- or Chip! \\ tr-ns; the ttfr may be .’et or

4he fu i>y Mi. Xoe,

Gobg

3*4-

S-ats for the Rector and Wardens to be reserved.

Rents of Pew* to be entered in a Book.

Rents of Seat* to be paid half-yearly s

On Failure' thereof, how to be recovered,

Wardens to pay Salaries to Mini Her, fee. to provide B no Its, Bread and Wine, tec. for the Sacrament, and to repair the Chutcb,

If Salaries are

not paid within to Days after our, how they tnay be recovered.

Not more thin Half a Year’s Arrears to be recover^ from

succeeding Wardens.

Wardens to keep

On Account of Receipts and Dilbuif:rr.ents;

and to arcount and prv the p'os Money to Mr, Ror, Sec,

C. 7. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

the Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chapel shall and may be let or sold to such Persons as the said

Charles Rie, his Heirs or Assigns, shall from Time to Time think proper.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That the Pew or Seat in the Body of the said Church or Chapel, marked or numbered with the Figures 61, shall belong to, and be the Property of, the M nifter or Curate of the said Church or Chapel fur the Time being; and the Pew or Seat in the Body of the said Church or Chapel, marked or numbered with the Figures 74, shall belong to, and be the Property of, the Church or Chapel Wardens of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being.

XV. Provided always, that the several Rents to be fixed and ascertained for and upon every such Pew or Seat to be let as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and subscribed by the said Church or Chapel Wardens for the Time being.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Rents to be reserved and made payable to the said Church or Chapel Wardens, and the said Charles Rce, his Heirs and Assigns, respectively, for the Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chapel, shall be paid by two equal half-yearly Payments; that is to say, at Christmas, and Midsummer; and in case the Rent of any such Pew or Seat shall happen to be behind and unpaid by the Space of thirty Days next after the same shall become due, then the Church or Chapel Wardens for the Time being, and the said Charles Roe> his Heirs or Assigns, respectively, shall and may either enter upon such Pew or Seat, Pews or Seats, and let and dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, or else may sue for and recover the Rent so in Arrear by Action of Debt, or by Action upon the Case, for the Use and Occupation of such Pew or Seat, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said County Palatine of Chester.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Maintenance of the Minister or Curate, for the Time being, of the said Church or Chapel, the Person or Persons, who shall be respectively appointed to act as Church or Chapel Wardens thereof, for the Time being, in pursuance of this Act, and their Successors, shall, by and out of the Rents of the Pews or Seats so vested in them as aforesaid, yearly and every Year well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to such Minister or Curate, and his Successors, for the Time being, the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, for Taxes or otherwise, by even and equal Portions, at the Fearts of thr Nativity of our Saviour Christ, and Saint John the Bapti/l9 the first Payment thereof to be made at and upon the Feast Day of the Nativity of our Saviour Christ, which shall happen next after the Consecratioti of the said Church or Chapel; and the said Church or Chapel Wardens shall also pay to the Clerk, Organist, Sexton, and other necessary Officers and Attendants of the said Church or Chapel, for the Time being, their respective Salaries or Stipends, and likewise furnfth Books and Surplices, provide Bread and Win ’ for the Holy Eucharist, with other Things proper and necessary, and support and keep in Repair the said Church or Chapel, and the Yard thereof, with the Walls, Gates, and other Appurtenances thereto, and also the Organ, Clock, Bells, and other Things, to the said Church or Chapel appertaining, or to appertain, and to do and perform all other Matters whatsoever which may be necessary or expedient for and concerning the Management, Support, and good Order, of the said Church or Chapel.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Default shall be made in the Payment of the said yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the said Minister or Curate for the Time being, as aforesaid, or of the Salaries or Stipends to the said Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other necessary Officers or Attendants of the said Church or Chapel, for the Time being, by the Space of thirty Days next after any of the Days of Payment whereon the same ought to be paid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Minister or Curate, Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, their Executors and Administrators respectively, to sue for and recover the same, with full Costs of Suit against such Church or Chapel Warden or Wardens for the Time being, and his and their Successors, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said County Palatine of Chester, wherein no Eilbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager uf Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, That no Arrears of the said yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds, or of any of the Salaries or Stipends as aforesaid, to be had and recovered against any succeeding Church or Chapel Warden or Wardens, which shall have accrued in the Time of his or their Predecessors, {lull exceed in the Whole one half-yearly Payment of the said yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds, or of the said yearly Salaries or Stipends respectively; and that every Action for the Recovery thereof be commenced against such succeeding Church or Chapel Warden or Wardens, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after his or their first entering upon, and being sworn into, the said Office of Church or Chapel Warden or Wardens.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Person and Persons so to be respectively nominated and appointed to act as Church or Chjpcl Wardens as aforesaid, for the Time being, (lull, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required and enjoined to keep true and perfect Entries, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him or them received on Account of the Rents of the said Pews or Seats so vested in them as aforesaid, or otherwise, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by them ifl jed and paid, and of all Debts and Credits due or owing to them, in pursuance of this Act, which Books and Accounts shall and may be inspected at all convenient Times by the said Charles Roe, his Heirs ami Assigns; and the said Church or Chapel Wardens, or the Survivor r f them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administraters of such Survivor, shall, at the Expiration of the Time for which they shall be appointed Church or Chapel Wardens as a-orci.uJ, or within twenty Days after, account to and with the said Charles Roey his Heirs and Assigns; and in case any Su ph s Money, arising by or fr*<in the Rents of the said Pews or Seats, shall remain in the Hands of the said Chinch or Chapel Wardens, after P-ym nr and D fbursement of the several Salaries or Surras herein-bifuie directed to be issued and paid t hereout, unto and for the Minister or Curate, Clerk, Orgamfr,

Ji\9

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii IN. C. 7, 8; 315

Sexton, and other Officers and Attendants as aforesaid, and for the Repairs of the said Church or Ch2pel, and Church or Chapel Yard, with the Walls, Gates, Oigan, Hells, Clock, and other Things to the same respectively belonging or appertaining, and for other the Purposes of this Act, the same shall be paid by the find Church or Chapel Wardens or Warden, or his Extcuiois or Administrators, to the said Charles Roe, his Heirs or Assigns.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Charles Roe, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Mr. R<* to pay shall, and he and they are hereby required, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thou- Xu°n Ju Jion sand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the Vicar of Prefl- of^hTcnapcl" bury for the Time being, the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be applied for the Purpose of augmenting *of R-i.iow and the Maintenance of the Ministers of the Chapels of Rest now and Saltersford, witlbn the said Parish of SaUisford: Prestbury, or of augmenting the Maintenance of the Minifhr of either of the said Chapels singly, or of any other Chapel or Chapels within the said Parish, at the Discretion of the Vicar of Piejlbury\or the Time being, in the Manner directed by and in pursuance of an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual her Majestyt gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the Fir/i Fruits and Tenths, and a If for enabling any ether Persons to make Grant3 for the Jame Purpose.

XXII. Provided always, That if the said Charles Roe, his Heirs or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to pay the On Failure said Sum of two hundred Pounds for the Purpose aforesaid, in Manner and within the Time herein-before t/blvoid^ directed, this Act shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, R-*hr?of the or be construed to extend, to prejudice, impeach, or defeat, any Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Dc- Vicar^e of tnand, of the Vicar of the said Parish of Prestbury, or his Successors, of or to any Tythes, Offerings, Sur- Hreit‘’"ry.n°r ta‘ plice-fees, ()bl itions, Obventions, or other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, or Ad- prcjadic

vantages, arising within the said Parish of Prestbury, and belonging to the said Vicar or his Successors slave the Right of Nomination to the said Church or Chapel), but the said Tythes, Offerings, Surplice-fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advantages, shall be paid and payable in the same Manner as they were respectively before the paNing of this Act, or would or ought to have been, in case the same had not been made, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and Cener.il Saving* every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, of Rights. Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns), all such I (late, Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every or any of them, might have or claim, in as fuss and ample Manner and Form as if this Act had not been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and all Public AftU Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without ipeually pleading the same.

CAP. vnr.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing the Importation of fine organized Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk), amongst oth*T Things in the said Act contained, the bringing in of Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Italy is prohibited, uni fs imported in such Ships or Vessels, and navigated in such Manner, as in and by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the enecu aging and increasng of Shipping and Navigation), is directed and allowed, and brought from feme of the Ports of those Countries or Places whereof the same is the Growth or Production, and which shall come directly by Sea, and not otherwise: And whems there is at present very great and immediate Want of organized Thrown Silk from Italy, for the Use and Purpose of Warp in the Silk Manufacture, without which the Manufacture cannot be carried on, and many Thousands of Manufac- turers must be unemployed / be it therefore enacted by the King's mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ConlVnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by 1 he Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Pe ion or maybe" Ported Persons to import or bring into this Kingdom from any Port or Place, or in any Ship or Vessel whatso- in any V>fiV, fofver, until the Exp ration of Twenty Days afrer the Commencement of the n^xt Session of Parliament, organized Thrown bilk of the Growth or Production of Italy, any Tiling contained in the said recited Acts, o- any other Act, to the contrary thereof no'wnhfhnding.

II. Provided aiwavs, That this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, shall extend to give Liberty to Certain K n^s Import any Italian Thrown S'lk. that shall be coarser than a So t thereof known and thfc ngmOvd hv the of Thrown Mile Name of Third Polenta, nor any Soir« of Slks commonly called Tram. of the G owth of Italy nnr any to wni.h the other Thrown 5rk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Pefia, East India, or China, under the Penalty nrVby-

of forfeiting all <uth Thrown Si ks as shall he brought over and imported contrary to tee Pu.port, true In- pvcn. 'ftalinot, tent, and Meaning of this Act 5 One Mtivty whereof to the Use of his Majesty, his ticirs and Successors, extend*.

and turn

Piic-, fra limited Time.

3*6

All

orparvzd Thrown Sillc iiriporu (1 by vir-*«'«? of this Act to be hr't'itbt to the Cull m-h' use at London,

[Preamble.]

18 Geo. III. Cap. 5j, recited,

and repealed.

A lew of able-b »dii (i Men to be made ihrou^hout Ciicat Britain.

Justices of the Fcace, Commissioners of tJie L^mVTax, and M ogidrafrs of Corporations,

nd Bu»ghs, to l ut this Act in Execution j

and to take Care that his Mjjei« t ys Service be not ntglcded.

H'gh Sheriff^ &r. up n Notice from dm Sccre-t.n y n t W]r, to 7l7l.:r: IVcq ts for fumnion'ng ti e

Commi dinriet s to meet, and q: a ify them-fc;vc*.

Notice of the Pay ot idetn.m t be Cent to the War-o(hce, fee. Comm ifu nt rs to appoint the Tiroes and Places of their Juree-dmj: M* et ings, and lilue

C. io. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

i

and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or fae for the same; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

III. And, for the better and more efffftual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Sort of Thrown Silk not organized/ be it further enacted and declared, That all such organized Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, wheresoever landed, shall be brought to his Majesty's Custom-house at London, to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such T hrown Silk as shall be imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof shall be to the life of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed; any Thing to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the lad SdTion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; and for iublti-tuting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof.

WHEREAS, for recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, it is necessary that a new Supply of Men be forthwith raised, in the most speedy and ciieftual Manner, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by common Consent and Grant in Parliament: And whereas it is highly expedient that further and other Provisions he made for that Purpose than those contained in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Ala) efts s 4 Land Forces and Marines) / be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that within and throughout the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-potts, Parishes, Towns, and Places, of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual Levy of able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty as Soldiers, shall be forthwith had, made, practised and put in Execution, according to the Rules and Directions of this present Act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, Liberty, or Place, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, as aforesaid; and all and every the Persons who were named or otherwise appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed at Westminster, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five), or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, within the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroug’s, Cinque-ports, Towns, and Places, therein particularly expressed, who are still living, and have duly qualified themselves according to the said Acts, or shall qualify themselves according to this present Act in that Behalf, shall he Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the same Counties, Sbiies, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-ports, Towns, and Places, of Great Britain, for which they were so named and appointed respectively; and that all and every the acting Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Corporations and Burghs in any Part of Great Britain, who are or shall be acting in any of his Majesty's Comminions of the Peace, or in the Mag: ft racy of such Corporation or Burgh, at any Time during the Execution of this Act, although not fpteiaJIy named or appointed Commissioners by the said Act or AcE, shall be likewise Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and all the Powers therein contained, within the Limits of their Commissions and Jurisdiction reiprctively: All which Commissioners,-b)r this Act intrusted with the Execution of the same, are hereby Itnftly enjoined and required to use their utmost Ca^e and Diligence that hh MajestyV Service in making such Levies as aforesaid be not disappointed or neglected.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff of every County, or his Deputy, immediately upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, shall fend Precepts to the resptftiie Baihfls, or others who are u.ually employed to summon Juries, although in Liberties out of the ordinary Jurisdiction of the said Sheriff, directing them to summon the several Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, in their respective Divisions and Liberties, to attend at the usual Place of Meeting in every Division, upon a certain Day in the said Precepts named (such Day not to be named within Six Days after the Date of the said Precepts', within the Time limited determined by the Secretary at War (Notice of which Day shall be sent to the War-office and Admiralty upon the issuing of the Precepts determined by the Snciiff), to qualify themselves for the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall then and there appoint the several Times and Places for the fucrecding Meetings in each of their respective Subdivision% Curing the Continuance of this Act, and shall have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, as they shall find convenient; and the said Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, at such their First Meeting, or at some other Meeting to be held as soon as it cm bz conveniently, shall issue their Precepts to the High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers, for the respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, or other Subdivisions, within the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, or Divisions, as aforesaid; which Precepts shall contain an Account of tho Times and Places appointed for the luccteeling Meetings, and shall be returnable on a Day therein to be

named i

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 10. 317

named; and such High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers, are hereby required forthwith to signify the Times add Places so appointed for such Meetings to the several Commissioners residing within their respective Districts; add the said Commissioners assembled at such first Meeting shall also give Notice of the Time and Place of all and ever'y succeeding Meeting, to be appointed as aforesaid, to the Secretary at War, or to the Military Officer or Officers whom they shall have learned, by Notice from the Secretary at War, or Secretary to the Admiralty, to be directed to attend this Service.

Officers as shall attend this

Precepts for that Purpoitf to the High Constables, &c.

and to give Notice thereof to such Military Service.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all reafortable Charges or Expences incurred by fheijff5.to^ al*

any Sheriff, or Deputy Sheriff, in the Execution of this Act, shall be allowed in the Accounts of such ^cunVd Sheriff at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or repaid by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commis- in the Execution doners of the Treasury for the Time being. of this a a.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the second Meeting, appointed to be held Proviso relating in any Subdivision, shall be at so great a Distance of Time as to render it irtcOhVenieftt to issue Warrants to Second Sub-for bringing Persons before such Commissitmert at the second Meeting, then the Commissioners of such ?ivision Mcct-Subdivision respectively may adjourn themselves so some convenient Day previous to such second Meeting, ings*

in order to issue their Warrants as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful so artd for Commissioner«,

the said Commissioners, at their First General Metting assembled, to appoint a Clerk to attend them then, *t their First and at each of their subsequent Meetings, and for the Commissioners of the several Subdivisions to appoint Meeting, may a Clerk to attend them at their respective Meetings in each Subdivisiott Wherein Soldiers are to be inhfted, *p?°int a Clerk; as herein after mentioned 5 and such respective Clerks, as a Reward for theft Labour and Pains in the who/lull rece vt Execution of this Act, shall be intitled to, and shall receive, for every Man who shall be lifted in pur- *. for every fuance of this Act, at the Meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, the Sum of two Shillings of ^Ia.n ,iftfd at lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective Officers who shall receive such neW raised 1Ve

Men respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, hereby appointed to be a Cotfi- Commissioners missioner or Commissioners for any County, Riding* City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, of England, England not Wales, or Berwick upon Tiuecd (except such as duly qualified themselves to be Justices of the Peace, or C6m- *° ‘jj1 the^ missioners for executing the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his present oVthsVpoinui Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose), shall be capable, in by a&i England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or executing any of the Powers of the Commissioners herein-mentioned, unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths, until such Time as he or they shall have taken the Oaths appointed by two Acts of Parliament, one made irt the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (inti uled, da Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of 1 Geo. I. the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended P:ince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors); and the other made in the (fxth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and Assurance \ and for and 6 Oco. UC, amending so much of an Act of the seventh Tear of her late Majesty §hteen Anne, intituled, An Act for the " Improvement Of the Union of the two Kingdoms," as, after the Time therein limited\ requires the Deliverf 6f certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned, to Persons indicted of High Treofon or MisprisionofTreason \ which Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said Commissioners: And that rto Person or Per- Nor Commis-fons hereby appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for any Part of Scotland (except such as duly sioners in Scot-qualified themselves, according to Law, to be Justices of the Peace or Commissioners there for executing [a, K,»fill the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any subse- at

quest Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose), shall be capable of acting as a Commissionet or Com- t|,e Law* there Tniftioners in the Execution of this present Act, in arty Part of Scotland until such Time as he or they re- direct. spectively shall have taken and subscribed the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and have subscribed the Assurance appointed by Law to be taken artd subscribed by Persons in Offices of Public Trust in Scotland.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for Commissioner*

any County, City, Riding, Town or Place, in England, Wales, or Berwick uton Tweed (except as before j" England aft-excepted), Dial I presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act before he shall have taken *ns bcl(?rc lh*y the said Oaths which by this Act he is required to take, and in the Manner hereby prescribed, he shall for- Cn 1 C

feit to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, forfeit* aool. Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that if any Person hereby and Commis-appointed a Commissioner for any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Place, in Scotland (except as before ex- fionen in Scot* cepted), shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act before that he shall have qua- 50 Jified himself according to the Laws in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of fifty Pounds

to be recovered in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in the same Manner as any other Penalties are there recoverable.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissidhef of the Land Qualification of

Tax, not being a Justice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of a Corporation or a Borough, shall be capable of Commissionert acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers therein contained, in or for ior Cou^,e* any County at large within England, or in or for any of the Ridings in the County of York, unless such Person, by himself, or his Tenants or Trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same County or Riding, for s the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum> or more, of his own Estate, by virtue of the said Act for

Vgl. XIII. Part III. T t the

3i8 c. 10.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

10*1 in Wales*

Persons di fabled pre fuming toad forfeit 501*

Cosiraiffionert may act for any City, Src. whereof they are inhabitant?, or far Inn* of Court.

In case of Inefficiency of Com-fnifiioners for any City, &c. those for the County at large may act for the same.

Mayor*, Bailiffs, Sic. may ad a* Commissioners specially appointed.

No Military Officer may be a Commissioner.

Commi/Honera impowered to levy such Men as ate herein described;

tod to call in the Assistarce of Pari A aod Town Officer* j

and to meet in the h Subc'ivi-£ors,

and issue general Search W»r-raots for bringing before iherr, at their Second Su‘'division Meeting, all Persons w th:n the Description of this Act.

Subfrquent Me«»«tags to be aMuch limes

the Land Tax made and passed in England in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose; or unless such Person so appointed to be a Commissioner lbalJ, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, by himself, his Tenants or Trustees, enjoy an Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the said yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or more, within the said County or Riding respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner of the Land Tax, not being a Justice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of a Corporation or a Borough, shall be capable of afling as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, in or for any County within the Dominion of tValesf unlef9 such Personby himself, or his Tenants or Trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same County, for the Value of sixty Pounds per Annum* or more, of hiVown Estate, by virtue of the said Act for the Land Tax made and pasted in England in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act, or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, or unless such Person so appointed to be a Commissioner shall, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, by himself, his Tenants or Trustees, enjoy an Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the said yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or more, within the said County, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person intended by this Act to be disabled for the Cause last mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, every such Person for such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Exchequer of Scotland, as aforesaid.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person who is appointed to be a Commissioner for executing this Act in any Part of Great Britain, shall be disabled, for the Cause last mentioned, from acting as a Commissioner within and for any City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Corporate Town only, whereof he shall be an Inhabitant at the Time of the Execution of this Act, or from acting as a Commissioner within any of the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners for any City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place of Great Britain (for which by this Act Commissioners are specially appointed), capable of acting according to the respective Qualifications required by this Act 9 then, and in every such Case, any of the Commissioners appointed for the County or Shire, or Stewartry at large, within which such City, Borough, Town, or Place, doth stand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may act as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, Within such City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas Doubts may arise whether Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates, of Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque-ports, for which Commissioners are specially appointed by vir- tueof the said Act for the Land Tax made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent c Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, can aft as Commissioners for executing this Act, in the said Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates, who are appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, shall be and have Power to act as Commissioners for executing this Act within and for any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Cinque-port, wherein they inhabit at the Time of executing this Act, as well where Commissioners are specially appointed by this Act, as where they are not.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person who, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, shall have any Military Office or Employment in Great Britain (other than in the Militia, or any Regiment of Fencible Men), shall execute any Power or Authority by this Act given to the Commissioners as aforesaid.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Three of more of them, in their respective Places or Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and impowered ,to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, within their several Limits and Jurisdictions, all able-bodied, idle, and disorderly Persons, who cannot, upon Examination, prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful Trade or Employment, or to have some Substance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance, to* serve his Majesty as Soldiers; and to require and command all and every the High Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tythingmen, and other Parish and Town Officers, or any of them, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, to be aiding and assisting to them the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in the Performance of this His Majesty's Service; and for that Purpose the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are to meet in their respective Subdivisions, according to the Appointment of the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, and to ifluq out their Warrants under their Hands and Seals, thereby requiring and commanding such Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, or other Parish or Town Officers, or else requiring and commanding the said High Constables to issue their Precepts to such Churchwardens, Overseers, Petty Constables, Headboroughs. Tithingmen, and other Parish and Town Officers as aforesaid, every or any of them, to make, or cause to be made, a general Search within their respective Pan’fhes, Townships, Constablewicks, or other Places, for all such Persons as they can find who are or shall appear to them to be within the Description of this Act, and to bring all such Persons before the Commissioners who have Power to execute this Act in and for such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding* Division, or Place, a4 such Time anti Place as shall have been appointed, by the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, for the second Meeting of the said Commissioners in their respective Subdivisions (which

#Tirr.e and Place shall be prefixed in the said Warrants and Precepts respectively); and afterwards the said ^Commissioners, within their respective Limits and Divisions, shall meet at such convenient Time or Times Ati)*y shall think fit, in order to issue their like Warrants or Precepts for making general Searches for Persons

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 10.

3t9

fit.

Person* puilty of running Gi ods, t and coi.r Cted ia a Penalty not exc-eding 40 I. may be levied a> Soldi?!-*, in lieu of all legal Penalties.

Bailiffs Followers, &c.not deemed to exercise any Employ tnenU

within the said Description, and for bringing them before the Commissioners at any future Times and Places a* and Places appointed by the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, during the Continuance of this (M1 be thou8ht

AdL

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective Places and Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and impowered to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, to serve his Majesty as a Soldier (at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, and subject to the several Rules and Regulations herein specified for the raising and levying Per suns who have no lawful Trade or Employment), all able-bodied Persons who shall be guilty of illegal landing, tunning, unshipping, concealing* receiving, or carrying, prohibited Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or any foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise, the same Duties not having been paid or secured, or of aiding of afTifting the rein, and shall be thereof con\idled, before one or moie of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence was committed, in any Penalty not exceeding Forty Pounds, in lieu of such Penalty, or any Punishment to which such Person may be liable by any Law now in Force.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That ho Bailiff’s Follower or Assistance, employed or belonging to any Sheriff, Bailiff of Liberties, Marshalsea Court, or any other Person or Persons that shall be so employed by any one that shall have the Power of executing any Warrant or Process whatsoever, shall be deemed thereby to follow or exercise any Calling or Employment, or to have a sufficient Support and Maintenance, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIX. And whereas by an Act of the seventeenth Year of King George the Second (intituled, An Act Perfom conrift- to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to RdgUes^ Vagabondsr, and other idle and disorderly Pci Jens, cd of *rav,nB and to Houses of Correction\ the Justices in Sessions ate required to adjudge all Persons, convicted of run- *r»raUe on hing away from and leaving their Families chargeable upon the Parish, incorrigible Rogues, and toad- the^lriffi, may judge them to suffer the Punishments allotted under the said Act to incorrigible Roguefcbe it hereby enacted, That the said Justices in Session shall be impowered, instead of the said Punishments allotted to such Persons convicted of running away from and leaving their Families chargeable upon the Parish as aforesaid, to enlist the said Persons, and to deliver them to some Officer impowered to receive Recruits under this Act; and such Persons shall have the Articles of War read to them, fend shall be deemed enlisted to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, That such Persons do not lie under any Disqualification of Sickness or Inability recited in this Act; and the said Officer shall, upon the Receipt of every such Person so convicted, pay to the said Justices, for the Use of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish upon which the said Person shall have left his Family chargeable, the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace may, upon his or their own VH«n-

Knowledge, or Information upon Oath, where any able-bodied Man or Men, within the Description of formation, &c. this Act, is or are to be found, issue a Warrant to the Constable or other Parish or Town Officer, or to *hfre any *b,c"

any other Person or Persons, for apprehending such Man or Men; and the Constable, or other Parish or Town Officer, or other Person or Persons, upon the Receipt of such Warrant, is and are hereby required to apprehend such Man or Men, and such Man or Men. shall be secured and inlisted in the Manner herein directed in relation to other Persons apprehended in pursuance of this Act: And where any Man shall be apprehended and inlisted in Consequence of such Information as aforesaid, the Whole of the twenty Shillings, by this Act directed to be paid by the Officer to whom such Man shall be delivered in pursuance of

this Act, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be inlisted by the said Commis- Able-bodied

sioners, by virtue of this Act, who is not such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free ^lc"onb tob€ from Ruptures, and every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit ,n 1 CJ>

to perform the Dyity Of a Soldier; and that no Man be inlisted for his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, who shall appear* In the Opinion of the Commissioners, or Officer or Officers appointed to receive such Men, to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of fifty, or who, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, shall be under the Size of five Feet three Inches, without Shoes, or being above the Age of eighteen, shall be under the Size of five Feet four Inches, without Shoes.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the impressing any'

Person to serve as a Soldier or as a Seaman, who shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners then present, that he hath any Vote in the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place, within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and After the second Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other Officers, of any Parish or Township, or any of them, at any Time after the said second Meeting of the said Commissioners, having a proper Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to search for and apprehend -all or any such Person or Persons as they, or any of them, shall find, or shall appear to them to be within the Description of this Act, and to secure such Persons (in case they shall think it necessary) in the Gaol or House of Correction, or other proper Place of Security, of the County, Town, or Place, where such Persons shall be apprehended, and With all convenient Speed to bring such Person or Persons before one or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Riding, Liberty, dr Place, within which he or they shall have cncm oc been so apprehended, to be examined; and if the said Justice or Justices shall judge the Person or Persons, ju'iice so brought before him or them, to be within the Description of this AdV, it shall in that Case be lawful for. who may cem-the said Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons as aforesaid (in case they shall think it necef-v nil fary); and the Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction, or other proper Place of Security, as aforesaid, shall receive such Person or Persons without Fee or Reward, and the Parish Officers shall allow such

Tea Keeper,

be enlisted by the Justices, Scc«

Officer* receiving any such Person to pay 40 s. for the Uffl of the Qvcr-seers.

Justices, on In-

bodied Men are to be found, may issue a Warrant for apprehending the m*

and none under 16, nor above 50 Year of Age, c.

No Person to be impressed who hath a Vote for Member of parliament.

Meeting of the Coin missione», Parish officers may starch for and fecuie such Person* as come within the De-fciiption of this Act, and convey them before a

the next Meeting of the Commissioners, Stc.

Inhabitant* required to be affilling harem.

lot Premium to such at Jfcall Jifcovt i any proper Feifon, so at be be ini tiled*

Persons cbrtru£l-ing the Execution of this Act to fotfelt 10 J.j

Which may be levied by Distress*

Commi flic net* tO examine the Persons brought before them, dec.

and, if found proper for the Service, to deliver them to the Military Offices.

How Officer to proceed when impressed Men shall be found more proper for the Sra Service than the Lind*

Commissioners prefect at the delivering over any Recruit, may upon Demand made in hi* Beha’f, appoint a further Meeting j and finding him not to be within the Description f'this Act, are to cejtify the same to the Secretary at War, wh« shall e: use the Man to be dist hirged Officer »o pay him i s. for each Pay he shall

C, io. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 177

Keeper, out of the Poor’s Rate of the Parish or Placs where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended* Six-pence by the Day for each Person during the Time that they shall remain there, or shall convey them before the Commissioners, at their next Meeting for lifting of Soldiers, to be examined, and (if adjudged by the Commissioners to be within the^Description of this Act) tp bp lifted and delivered into his Majesty's Service, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and strictly enjoined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of every Parish and Township, where any rerfohs described as aforesaid do abide or are to be found (at the Instance of any one or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act* or of any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or Constable, of the same Parish or Township), shall (not having a lawful or reasonable Cause to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the Furtherance of his Majesty's Service by this Act described.

XXV. And, to encourage such Inhabitants and others to assist in discovering and apprehending such Persons described as aforesaid/ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall discover and give Information of any able-bodied Man, fit to lei ve his Majesty within the Description of this Act, so that he shall be apprehended and inlisted before the Commissioners as aforesaid* such Person for every Man so discovered and inlisted^ shall receive, from the Officer to whom such Man shall be delivered, the Sum of ten Shillings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elsewhere diicfted to pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town, for every Man impress'ed by virtue of this Act, and the Re-, maitider only of such twenty Shillings shall, in that Case, be paid to such Officers.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of this Act, in the searching for, taking* and securing, such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Person fbaj), for every such Offence, forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding ten Poupds, to the Use of the Informer or Informers; and all and every such Offences may be enquired of, heard, ‘and finally determined, by any*-two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed; who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners; and if the Offender has no Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three.Calendar Months without Bail or Main prize.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for executing, this Act, who shall attend this Service at the Place or Places for lifting Soldiers in pursuance of this Act*, shall strictly examine the Persons who shall be brought before them by the said Churchwardens, ^Overseers*. Conftublps, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, or other Parish or TQWtl Officers, as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to administer an Oath to each and every Person who shall appear and give Evidence touching any Person so brought before them irv pursuance of this Act: And in case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, upon Examination of the Persons so brought before them, shall find that such Persons shall come within the Descriptions herein mentioned j and the said Commissioners, and the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed to receive the impressed Men, shall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained, as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service; then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall cause such Performs to be delivered over, by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, or other Parish or Town Officers, to such Officers or Persons as shall be appointed to receive fudi Recruits as aforesaid: And if it shall at ^y Time appear to the Officer, under whose Command such im— pressed Men shall be, that any such Men are more proper for his Majesty's Service by Sea than by Land* then it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to carry such Men before any three of the Commissioners authorised to put this Act in Execution; and if such Commissioners shall judge such Persons to be more; proper for his Majesty's Service by. Sea. than by Land, then it shall be lawful for such Officer to cause such Men to be delivered over to any Commission Officer of his Majesty's Fleet to be appointed for entering: such Persons to serve as common Sailors in the said Fleet, such Officer giving a Receipt under his Hand* acknowledging what Men are so delivered to him (which Receipt he is hereby required to give), and also repaying to the Land Officer the Expences incurred by him oq account of the said impressed Men.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners who shall have been present at any such. Meeting where any Man shall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the major Part of them, upon the Demand of such Man, or of any other Person on his Behalf, signified to their Clerk within Foqr Days after such Meeting, and by him notified to each of the said Commissioners, to appoint a further Meeting of the same Commissioners, at which any other Commissioners may also attend, to be holden within fye Days after the making of such Demand, unless the Party appealing shall require a further reasonable Time; and, if, upon further and more certain Information, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at such further Meeting, shall find that such Man was not, at the Time of his being delivered over^as aforesaid, within the Description of this Act, they are hereby required to certify the same, under their Hands and Seals, to his Majesty's Secretary at War, or Secretary to the Admiralty, or to the general Officer whom they shall have learned, by Notice from the Secretary at War, to have been appointed to command his Majesty's Forces in the District where such Commissioners aft, who, on the Receipt of such Certificate, shall cause the Map to-, be forthwith discharged; and the recruiting Officer shall, on such Person’s receiving his Discharge as aforesaid, cause to be paid to such Man the Sum of one Shilling, for each Day, he shall have been so detained in the Service as aforesaid, to be allowed to such Officer out of the-recruiting Fund, over and above such Subsistence as he may have received; and the Clerk appointed by the Commissioners shall repay to such Officpi (>vithou; Fee or other Deduction) the several Sum^ before to hjoiby^ said Officer, and

A.D. 1779# Anno decimo nono Georgii III. G. io* ja*

shall give back the Receipts taken as above directed in Exchange for a Copy of the (bid Man’s Discharge; h* been de-and in Case no such Discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said Clerk shall, after the Ex- p, DCu' a piration of fourteen Days from the Time that such Mart was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without tartie'oSer Fee or Deduction, to the Persons respectively intitled thereto under the Directions of this Act, the several the Sums »«-Sums depofued in his Hands for that Purpose. ceived of him,

&c. If no Discharge be obtained. Clerk to pay over-the Sums deposited to the proper Persons/

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to impower the said Commissioners to inlist any Person a Soldier, until the several Sums, herein directed to be paid, by the respective Officers appointed to receive such new-raised Men, shall be first paid to the Person or Persons respectively authorised to receive the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons appointed to attend the said Commissioners, and to receive such impressed Men, shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary, detain such impressed Men in some secure House or Place, to be provided by the Justices of the Peace, in their Petty or Special Sessions, for that Purpose; but in case no such House or Place shall be provided, then in the Gaol of the County, Town, or Place, where such Men shall be received into his Majesty's Service, or in the House of Correction, or other public Prison, of such County, Town, or Place; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive such impressed Men until they can be removed, without Fee or Reward; and such Keeper shall be allowed the usual Subsistence for such Men, during the Time they remain there, from the Officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and the Constables, Headboroughs, and other Civil Officers, shall, if required, be assisting to such Officer in conveying such Man or Men to such Gaol, Place, or House of Correction, and shall be allowed such reasonable Sum or Sums as the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall appoint, to be paid by the Officer or Officers who shall require such Assistance.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any of the Meetings of the Commissioners by this Act appointed, in any of their Subdivisions, they shall not be amended by fomo proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Recruits, either through Negligence or any unavoidable Accident; then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to adjourn themselves to some other convenient Day, and they are hereby authorised to give Directions for detaining in Custody all such Persons as shall have been then brought before them by the Parish Officers to be in-lifted, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's Service; and the said Commissioners shall give Notice to any of the Officers attending on this Service, in the County or Place where such Subdivisions shall be, of the Day of such Adjournment; and the said Officer is hereby required, either to attend himself, or appoint some other Person to attend such Commissioners, and to receive such Persons as the said Commissioners shall inlist into his Majesty's Service; and the Officers for receiving the said Recruits shall pay, to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint. Six-pence per Diem for the Subsistence of every Recruit then inlisted, from the Day of the last Meeting of the Commissioners to the said Day of Adjournment, the same to be charged to the Account of the several Regiments or Companies into which the said Recruits shall be inlisted, together with such Charges and Expences as shall appear to the said Commissioners to have been incurred, on account of tho*tIchaining the said Persons, from the Day of the former Meeting of the Arid Commissioners to the Day of such Second Meeting, not exceeding three Pounds.

XXXII. And for the better preventing any Disputes which may arise about paying for the Subsistence of those Persons who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this Act, may afterwards be discharged upon Examination before the Commissioners and Military Officers,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, being judged by the Commissioners not to be \yithin the Description of this Act, shall be by them discharged, the Officers of the Parish or Town shall be intitled to no Consideration for their Expences in keeping such Person; and if any Person being judged determined by the Commissioners to be within the Description of this Act, shall be rejected by the Military Officer, such Officer shall pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town Six-pence per Diem for the whole Time that they shall have kept such Person, to be charged to the Account of his respective Regiment or Company; and every Officer who shall object to any Person delivered to him by the Commissioners, shall specify his Objection to such Person, whether it be to his Age or Size, or bodily Disability, and the Grounds of such Objection shall he forthwith, as far as may be, inquired into by the said Commissioners, and they shall proceed accordingly ;-and every Officer who shall refuse or discharge any Person delivered to him by the Commissioners, as fit to serve his Majesty within the Description of this Act, shall, without Delay, if a Land Officer, transmit to his Majesty's Secretary at War, or, if a Marine Officer, to the Secretary of the Admi-. ralty, his Reasons for such Refusal or Discharge, in Writing, signed by himself.

charge to be transmitted to the Secretary

None to be m-liftrd till the Sum* payable by the Officer* are first paid.

Officer* ma? fe cure impressed Men.

Keeper to be aK* lowed their Sub* fiftt nee Money. Civil Officer* to be aiding in fe» curing them, and to be allowed for their Tree* bie.

Officer not at* tending to receive Recruits,

CommilTi mer* miy adjourn, and order the Detention of the* impressed Men*

Notice of Adjournment to be given to Officer* attending this Service, &c. Officer to par Subsistence Mo» ncy for every Recruit, and incidental Charge*.

Persons dirchar-g*d a? not within the D< frr»p~ tion of this Act, Parish not to te allowed their Expences:

It within the Description, and rejrOeJ by Of-. fleer, be fLII psy the Expences of keeping the m.

ObjrOions to be specised, and inquiice into by Commiflu nei?. Reasons of Dif. at War, &c. 4

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every such new-raised Min, so delivered to the Officers or Persons appointed to.receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the Time of his being taken and secured as aforesaid; and no Person, so inlisted or entered in pursuance of this Act, shall bt liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process, other than for some criminal Matter.

XXXIV. And.it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose upon any Gaoler, or Keeper of a House of Correction or Prison, who shall suffer any Person, committed to his Custody in pursuance of this Act, to escape; or upon any High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Petty Constable, Headbo-rpugh. Tithing man, or other Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default in the Execution of any Warrant, Order, prTrccept, to, them or any of them directed. in pursuance.oLthis Act, a

Fine.

Ne;v-ra*frd Men to receive Pjy frorr the Time-or their being secured j *nd not liable to Arrest« fir Debt* Commissioners nvay levy Fine, n«»t exceeding lo I. on Gaoler-fer Escape si* Men,

3-2 2

snJ on Panffi

Officers for Keeled* of Duty.

The second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War to be read to new-raised Men, Scc.

Commissioners to certify that they are in lifted, and that the ad and 6:h Sections of the Articles of War were read to them, &c.

Names of the Mcn, Parish, &c. to be entered sa a Book.

AUefleJ Copy there.if to be transmitted,

within 40 Da; s, to the Admiralty, &c, on Penalty of 20 I.

Aj psication of the Penalty. Rewards for Commissioners Uciks,

Officers to pay to the Parish Officer', for their Trouble, ao». for every fut h Man j and to the Churchwardens, &c. from 10 s. to 40 *. if such Man have a Wife or Fa-roily;

as shall be settled by the Comm Abners; and 6 d. per Diem to the Pari (h Officers for the Time they shall have kept him,

Pifputes rrhtinst thereto to be

Commissioners may a lot, out of the Morey allowed to Pai i(h Officers, 2 1. to the Hi^h Con-ftjbles.

Every Person voluntarily in-Infffip himself intitled tq 3 1.

3 s Bounty-Money,

C. 10. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Fine not exceeding ten Pounds; and to cause every such Fine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners, and to pay the said Fine to the Informer or Informers.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting for lifting of Soldiers as aforesaid, shall cause the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read to every Man raised by virtue of this Act, in the Presence of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall tender to every such Man the Oath directed by the third Section of the Articles of War to be taken by such Persons as voluntarily enter into his Majesty's Service (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to administer); and the said Commissioners, or any three of them present, shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to certify, under their Hands, that such Person or Persons is or are duly inlisted; setting forth the Name and Parish, or last Place of Abode, of him or them respectively, if known, and that the second and sixth Sedlions of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the said Articles of War, or had refused to take the said Oath, and shall deliver such Certificate, together with such Men, to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath; and such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the said Oath according to the said Articles of War; and the said Commissioners shall also forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Kook or Books to be kept by them or their Clerks for that Purpose of the Names of such new-raiftd Men, of the Parishes or Places of their lift Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where such Men were delivered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and for what Regiment or Company they were so received, and the Sums paid; and shall cause true Cop:es or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then present, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty, or of his Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being*; and every Clerk, for every Neglect or Default in not transmitting the said Copies or Duplicates of such Entries into the Office of the Admiralty, or of the Secretary at War, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Sessions in Scotland.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks to the said Commissioners, provided the said Copies or Duplicates be truly transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty or Secretary at War, as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the Hands of the Paymaster of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, or one of them, such Rewards as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, upon Consideration of the Numbers of Men lifted in the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, or other Places, and the Pains and Charges of the several Clerks in this Service, shall judge the said Clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Officers who shall receive impressed Men raised in the Manner herein-before mentioned, shall pay to the Clerk appointed by the Commissioners for the Use of the Officers of the Parish or Town so employed in the raising such Men, for their Pains and Services therein, twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Man so impressed; and shall also pay, for every such Man who shall have a Wife or Family, any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to the said Clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein after directed, into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Benefit of such Parish or Township in which such Man shall have gained a Settlement, and whose Wife or Family may become chargeable to such Parish or Township respectively; which Sum shall be settled by the Commissioners present at the Meeting when such Person shall be inlisted or entered, or any three or more of them, Regard being had to the Number of Children, or other particular Circumstances of such Person so inlisted; for both which*Payments the Clerk shall give a Receipt; and the Sum of Sixpence per Diem for keeping every such Man who shall be so delivered as aforesaid, according to the Number of Days that the Officers of the said Parish or Town shall have kept him in Custody, pursuant to the Powers granted by this Act, until such Delivery; the said Allowances of twenty Shillings, and of Six-pence per Diem, in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to and among the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and such other Parish and Town Officers, or any of them, according to the Judgment and Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present.

settled by the Commissioners.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorised and impowered, by and out of the said Sum of twenty Shillings, herein-before directed to be paid for the Use of the Officers of the Parish or Town so employed in the raising of such Men, to allot and order such Sun* as they shall think fit to the respective High Constables, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, for their Pains and Service in the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings.

XXXIX. And, for the Encouragement of fit and able Persons voluntarily to enter into his Majesty's c Service,' be it enacted, That every such Person who shall, on or before the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, voluntarily enter into his Majesty's Service, before the said Commissioners, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, upon being duly attested, shall receive the Sum of three Guineas

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 10. 323

Volunteers to receive Pay from the Time of their entering j.

from the Officers appointed to receive them, and shall forthwith be delivered to the said Officers 5 and the Volunteers to said Commissioners shall cause an Entry to be made in some Book to be kept by them, or such Clerk as bed|f,v*rfd °\er they shall appoint, of the Names of such Volunteers, and of the Parishes or Places of their last Abode (if officers jVndTi they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where they did so enter themselves, and of the Entry to be made Sums paid to them, and by whom such Payments were made, and of the Names of the Officers or Per- of their Name?, fons who received such Volunteers, and for what Regiment or Company they were received; and shall Places of Atomic, cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by three or more of the said Commissioners then ^u* iic*tes of present, within forty Days after the Delivery of such Volunteers, to be transmitted into the Office of his E"tprjg* °be Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being, or into the Office of the Admiralty if the Volunteers be transmitted to delivered for the Marines. the War-office,

XL. And, for the greater Encouragement of all Persons who shall be fit and willing to serve his Majesty as Volunteers,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pay of every such Person who shall enter into the Service of his Majesty as a Volunteer, in pursuance of this Act, or with any recruiting Officer or Serjeant, during the Continuance of this Act, shall commence from the Time that he shall so enter himself into his Majesty's Service; and that every such Volunteer, after he shall have and to be dT-continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Space of threa charged at the Years shall be at Liberty, if he shall think fit, to demand his Discharge from the Colonel or Command- End of three ing Officer of the Regiment or Company to which he shall belong, unltls the Nation shall be then engaged waV'iHhe in a War, and in that Case such Person shall remain tn Service, during the Continuance of War; and fuclv demand it/* Discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in Writing, under the Hand of such Colonel or Commanding Officer, who is hereby required and impowered to give the same accordingly, on Pain of being: cashiered.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person who shall enter into the Service of his Majesty Volunteers, a Aeu as a Volunteer in pursuance of this Act, or with any recruiting Officer or Party during the Continuance Expiration of of this Act, and shall not desert the same, shall, at any Time after the Expiration of such Military Service, be Ii..ble in his Person to do any Highway Duty, commonly called Statute-duty, or be appointed to serve as a Peace Officer, or Parish Officer, or be liable to serve in the Militia, or in any of his Majesty's Land or Sea Forces, unless he shall consent thereto; and that every such Volunteer, after such Military Service as aforesaid, shall have the like Privilege in respect of setting up and exercising any Trade, and of not being

removeable, unless he shall become actually chargeable, as oy the Statute made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been Trade, agreeabi* in the Sea or Land Service, or in the Marines, Jlnce the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the to A a jG<o, Second, to exercise Trades, is given to those who have served according to the said recited Act; and all other the Benefits and Advantages therein expressed shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all such Volunteers, and also the Wives and Children of such Volunteers as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, and every Clause thereof, were here again particularly repeated and re-enacted.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer shall be wounded or maimed in actual Service, so as to become unfit for military Duty, and shall be discharged on that Account at any Time before the Expiration of the Term for which he was engaged to serve, the same shall be expressed in the Discharge given him, under the Hand and Seal of his Commanding Officer; and every Person so discharged shall be intitled to the same Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, of every Kind whatsoever, as if he had continued for the full Term of his Engagement in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; any Thing contained in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

the same Privileges as if they had served their

their Service, not liable to Statute-doty, or to serve Parish Offices, or in ther Militia; but may set up and exercise ar.v

IIL

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be impressed in pursuance of this Act, after he shall have continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; during the Space of Five Years, shall be at Liberty, if he shall think fit, to demand his Discharge from the Colonel, or, in his Absence, the Officer commanding the Regiment or Company to which he shall belong, unless the Nation shall be then engaged in a War, and in that Case such Person shall remain in Service during the Continuance of War; and such Discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in Writing under the Hand of such Colonel or Officer, who is duly impowered and required to give the same accordingly; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And, for the better obviating such Frauds and Abuses as maybe practised in discharging of

Soldiers/ it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Soldier, who shall be duly in-lifted or impressed into his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, shall, during the Time such Soldier continues in Great Britain, be discharged from his Majesty's Service without the Consent of the Colonel, or, in his Absence, the Officer commanding the Regiment, first had and obtained in Writing; and any Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces, Marines, or Sea Service, who shall presume to discharge any Person* inlisted or impressed pursuant to this Act, in any other Manner contrary to this Act, or shall by falie Muster or Certificate, or in Consideration of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collusive or evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit any Person who shall voluntarily inlist, or be impressed into his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, to avoid the actual Service hereby intended, such Person or Persons shall not only Jose the Benefit of this Act, but every such Officer shall, for such Offence, be cashiered.

XLV. And, for the better preventing such Frauds and Abuses as may be practised by any pretended c Ignorance of the Terms under which any Non-commission Officer or Soldier may have entered into the

Service/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Person, who shall be duly inliffed or impressed into his Majesty's Service during the Continuance of this Act, shall join the Regiment or Company in which he is to serve, his Name, Description, and Terms of Service, shall be entered in the Public Book of such Regiment or Company; and a Copy of such Entry shall be delivered, as a Certificate for every such Person, signed by the commanding Officer of such Regiment or Company.

XLVI.

Volunteers <’if-charged before the Expiration o9 their Term of Service, on account of Wounds received in actual Service, to be intitled to' full Term.

Impressed Men*, afrer 5 Years Service, to be discharged, if they demand

No Soldier or M ^inc to be discharged without a Cert i fit a ter from his Colonel, &c.

Officers difcV.tr-ging rew-riifed Men century so this AO, or p:r-niicting them to avoid iiOnial Service, shall be cast iered.

When any rcu’-raif d Man shall join his Rect-ment, h'S X. me, Dcfc*i'>iio/’, Ac, shall 1 e ent^M-t in the FiM’c Beck, ti. c.'-xf;

324 C. 10. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

and when

draughted into any other Regiment or Company, to be entered according-

>y-

Per ions emu’oy-ed in the Execution of this Act, exempted from the Penal irs of A^i 25 Car. II.

X Go). 6c Mar, and 13 6c 14 fGul. 111.

limitation of Action*.

General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

Aa 24 Geo. II. so far as it re. lates to Jo ft ices, extended to Juf-trees and Com -sntfTwners aOing tinjer Authority of this Act.

No Action to be commenced, &c, for any Thing done in Exe< u-tion of this Act, till Notice in V/rning shall be given to the Party.

Defendant may fender Amend* 0, Injury complained of, and plead the same in B.r, &c.

No Action to be brought in Scotland on Account of executing this Act, till Notice has been given to the Party offending, who may tender Amend;, &c.

Where the Defendant had probable Cause for doing the Action complained of, the Plaintiff not inti tied to Damages norCofl*:

But ii^the Cause of Action was malicio fly committed, be shall have Double Costs,

His M/y Ay, when a sufficient

XLVF. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever and as often as such Person shall, by the Necessity of the Service, be draughted into any other Regiment or Company, the Entry shall be made in the same Manner in the Public Bock of such Regiment or Company; and the Commanding Officer thereof is hereby directed to add to the Certificate the Circumstance of such Person being draughted, and at what Time, and to sign his N*me and Rank thereto.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable, Headborough, Tithingman, or other Patish or Town Officer, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants\ or in one other Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Adary^ intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths; or in one other Act, made in the Parliament holden, in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line \ and for tin extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in Pui fuance or Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Fact was committed, and not afterwards or elsewhere; and such Person or Persons sued, in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue Not Guilty, and upon any Issue joined may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or for bear' further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgment upon Demurrer pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, for which he shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

[Treble Costs.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering the Jr/iices of the Peace mc.*e safe in the Execution of their Office and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Justice or Justices of the Peace, and the Commissioner or Commissioners acting under the Authority, or in Execution of this Act; and no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced, or Writ issued out, or Copy of Writs fefvcd upon any Peace Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Paity commencing such Action, or filing out or serving the Copy of the said Wiit; which said Norice in Waiting shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to brine such Action, together with the Cause of Action or Complaint, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney shall be underwritten or indorsed thereon 5 and such Defendant or Defendants shall be at Liberty, and may by virtue of this Act, at any Time within fourteen Days after such Notice, tender, or cause to be tendered, any Sum or Sums of Monty, as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the said Attorney j and if the same is not accepted of, such Defendant or Defendants may plead such Tender in bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if, upon Issue joined upon such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said Jury ill3H find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, who shall in such CaJe be intitled to his and their

L* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought against any Justice of the Peace, Commissioner, or other Officer, employed in the Execution of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Person instituting such Action shall, previous to the Commencement thereof, intimate by himself, or his Agent or Attorney, his said Intention, and Grounds of Complaint, so as that the Justice, Commissioner, or other Officer, may have Opportunity of making due Amends for the Injury intended to be prosecuted; and if the said Justice, Commissioner, or other Officer, shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the Action is brought, that such due Amends was tendered and refused previous to the Commencement of the Action, the said Judge shall give Decree for the Defender, who shall, in such Case, be intitled to Treble Costs of Suit.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff, in any Action to be brought against any Justice of the Peace or Commissioner, or any Peace Officer or other Person for seizing, taking, imprisoning, or detaining, such Plaintiff in Execution of this Act, under Colour of any Authority or Authorities hereby given, and it shall appear to the Judge or Court, before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause for doing the the Act complained of in such Action, and the said Judge or Court shall certify on the Record that there was probable Cause, as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, the Plaintiff shall not be intitled to above Two-pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit.

LII. Provided always, That where a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action as aforesaid, and the Judge or Court, before whom the Cause shall be tried, shall certify on the Record, that the Injury for which such Action was brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be intitled to Double Costs of Suit.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty shall be satisfied, by the said Returns of the Commissioners or otherwise, that a sufficient Number of Recruits in the whole shall be raised for his present

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 10. 325

present Service, or for other sufficient Reasons, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the JExeeution of this Act, with respect to the whole of Great Britain, or any Part thereof, by Proclamation or Order in Council, or other public Notice in the London Gazette, or by Notice from his Majesty's Secretary at War; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his Service, may at any Time suspend the Execution of this Act, in any County or Place of Great Britain, by Notice from his Majesty's Secretary at War; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall enter as Volunteers during the Continuance of this Act, shall be intitled to the same Bounties, Privileges, Immunities, and Advantages, as are herein granted to such Volunteers, notwithstanding any such Suspension as afore Taid.

LVI. And whereas it may often be expedient for his Majesty's Service, that the Commissioners hereby appointed shall execute this Act in Cities, Towns, or other Places, when it may not be convenient c to enforce the Execution thereof through the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall be respectively situate;> be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, shall, upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, immediately proceed to put this Act in Execution, within their respective Jurisdictions, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Mayor or other Chief Magistrate had received such Notice from the Sheriff of the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall be respectively situate; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And, forasmuch as great Inconveniencies may happen by impressing Men during the Time of Harvest,* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of May* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of October following, no Harvest Labourer, or Person working at Hay Harvest or Corn Harvest Work, within the Time aforesaid, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be impressed by virtue of this Act, but shall be free and exempted from the same, during the Time aforesaid, provided they have a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister, and of one Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or Elders, of the Parish or Place whero they live, allowed under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace of the same County, Shire, Stewartry. Riding, City, or Place; which Certificate shall be given gratis.

LVIII. And, for the more easy and better putting this Act into Execution,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three or more Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution in the several Ridings of the County of York (being Justices of the Peace, though not all of the same Riding) may, within the Castle of York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of this Acth

LIX. And whereas divers Soldiers who have deserted his Majesty's Service, have been harboured in a 4 certain Place called Threapwood, lying within or near the Counties of Chester and Flint* or one of them, and adjoining to the Town of Cuddington, in the said County of Chester* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby appointed for the County of Chester* and the Officers of the said Town of Cuddington* shall execute this Act in the said Place called Threapwood* according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act* and every Thing therein contained, shall be and continue in Force until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceedings relative to the several Matters contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon all Occasions, with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Exigencies of the Case; and that no Objection shall be made or Advantage taken for want of Form in any such Proceedings by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Entries, which the Commissioners for executing this Act are required to make, of the Names and Descriptions of all Volunteers, and also of all impressed Men, together with the other Particulars herein-before directed, shall be made according to the Form hereunto annexed.

Number of Men fta'l be raise J. may, by Proclamation, ftc. suspend the E^cution of this Act j or may luO nd or enforce it in any County or Place.

Volunteers to enjoy ail their Privileges, &c. notwithstanding such Suspension. Chief Magistrate of Cities, &c. upon Notice from the Secretary at War, to enforce this Act within their Jurisdictions.

Labourer! hav-rnz proper Certificate, nut liable to be impressed from May 15, to Oct. 25,

Commission era for executing this Act within the Castle of York.

Commissionera for executing this Act in Threapwood.

Continuance of this Act.

Forma of Proceedings to be used as set forth in the Schedule.

Form prescribed for making Entries pursuant to this Act.

Recruit's Name. Parish. Height, Age. Description of the Recruit. For what Corpaia-prdied. For what Corpa in-lifted voluntarily. Sum paid. By whom paid. Gfticer who received or refused the Recruit, and on what Day. On what Grounds refused.

Feet. Inches.

Vol. XIII. Part III.

U u

The

G. 16,

Anhd decfaio nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

The SCHEDULE (dating the Forms) to which the Act refers.

I. Form of a Warrant to a High Cin ft able,

To High Constable of

to wit WE> wh°fe Names and Seals are hereunto set,

y of the Commissioners appointed (among others) to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in thfe nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [itfert the Title of the Aft\ do, tty virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, hereby strictly enjoin and require you, upon Receipt hereof, to issue your Precept to the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and other c Parish and Town Officer's, within the several Pantiles, Townfships, ConstableWieks, and other. Placer- within the District or Division of [ ] aforesaid, and every of them, requiring the m

diligently to make or cause to be made a general Seafch within their respective Pa riflies, Town ships, Constablewicks, or other Places, for all such able-bodied idle and disorderly Persons, as do not exercise and in- dustriously follow some lawful Trade or Employment, or have Tome Substance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance, or who shaft appear to them to be able-bodied idle and disorderly, and not to exercise and industriously follow some lawful Trade or Employment, or have some Subdance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance; and all able-bodied Per foils who shall have been convicted, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of illegally landing, Running, unshipping^concealing, or carrying, prohibited Goods, Wares, dr Merchandises, or any foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise, the same Duties not having been paid or secured, or of aiding or assisting the rein, ih any Penalty not exceeding Forty Pounds; and to bring them bdfoVe us, or such other Commissioners for putting

the said Act in ^Execution as shall fnfeet for that Purpose at in the Parish of

within the said District or Division, on the Day of at of the

Clock in the every such Person as they shall firfd, or wh‘6 are Or shall appear to them to be

within the above Description, to be then and there examined and disposed of according to the said Act of ? Parliament.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, as aforesaid, the Day of in the

4 Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, King of Great Britain,

4 &c. and in the Year of our Lord

II. Form of Contiiftion of Offenders against this Act*

4 7 ‘ "RE remembered, That on this Day of ih thfe Year of the

to wit. < Reign of hrsf|>referit Majesty King George the Third, A.B. of is duly Convicted

before tis, and other Commissioners for ptitting in Execution an Act of Psatftartlent, made and passed iir the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his prfefettt Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \insert the Title of the Act] for that he, the said A.B. on the Day of 'last, did

wherefore we, thfe said Corh'mfflionfeftj do adjudge; that he, the said A.B. do pay the Sum of as a Fine for such Offence, ih puffliance of the Powers in us veiled by*

the said Act of Parliament.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year above written/

To

jll. Form of a Warrant of Distress»

7 4 Forasmuch as A. late of was, on the Day of

7 Wl 5 duly convicted before us, and other Commissioners for pitting in Execution an Act Of Parliament, made and passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insert the Title of the AftJ by the Oath of C.D. a credible Witness, for that he the said A.B. on the Day of. last, did by reason whereof we did adjudge

and have adjudged him to pay the Sum of as a Fine for such Offence, in pursuance of the Powers in us veiled by the said Act of Parliament: And whereas it appears to us, thit the said Sum of is not yet paid, we therefore authorise and require you forthwith to make Distress of the Goods of him the said A 5. and if, within the Space of five Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum of shall not be paid, that you do cause the said Goods by

you seized to be appraised and fold, tendering the Overplus to him the said A.B. after deducting the said Sum of and also the Coils and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and to pay the said

Fine to the Informer. Hereof fail not.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of

IV. Form of Commitment by a Justice for Exmtfimion before the Commissioners.

To

. 7 4 DEceive into your Custody the Body of A.B. herewith sent you, having been impressed by

f 4 C.D. by virtue of a Warrant to him directed by E. F, G. H. and I. K three of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament pafed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insert the Title of the AftJ to serve his Majesty as x 4 a Soldier

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 11,12. 327

a Soldier or a Seaman, and brought before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace

in and for the said County, by the said C D. to be examined; and the said A.B. being adjudged by me to be within the Description of the said Act, him safely keep in your Custody till he shall be conveyed before the said Commissioners for executing the said Act, at their next Meeting, or until he shall be < thence discharged by due Cpurfe of Law; and for fp dping this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

4 Given under my Hapd and S?al, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

V. Form of a Warrant to fecuye Men impressed.

'to wit ^egPer 2f Me Gaol (or House of Correction) at in the said

w $ County. L

4 'J'HESE are, in his Majesty's Name, to charge and command you to receive and safely keep in your c Custody who has (arhave) been raised and levied to serve his Majesty as a Soldier

(or Soldiers), pursuant to an Act of Parliament made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, [here insert the Title] until he (*rthey) shall be delivered from your Custody accord-

ing to the said Act of Parliament. -

4 Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals), the Day of in the

Year of our Lord

CAP. XI.

An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Agreements, made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County fl/'York, with Coals, by enabling the said Charles Brand-ling to supply, annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the tJfe of the said Town and Neighbourhood; and for regulating the Prices of carrying Coals from the Repository at Cajfon-close.

CAP. XII.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County Of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

[preamble

WHEREAS the Laws now in being, for repairing the High Roads and Bridges in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Way of Statute-labour, are found insufficient in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate: Therefore, and for the better regulating the Repairs of the Roads and Bridges,

and of the Statute-labour within the County aforesaid,* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s prioft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Heritorstand Life-renters in the County of Linlithgow and Balngate, who Commi/Eoncrii are at present, or at any Time hereafter shall be possessed as actual Proprietors of Lands therein of one hundred Pounds Scots Valuation in their own Right, or in Right of their Wives 5 and the eldest Sons of every Person possessed of two hundred Pounds Scots, Valuation as above, being of lawful Age, and the Chief residing Magistrate of the Royal Borough of Linlithgow, and the Magistrates of the Royal Borough of £)ueenferry, and the Bailie of every Borough of Barony within the said County for the Time being,

shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees and Commissioners for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, in their respective rarishes within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by this Act to them given and granted.

II. Provided always, That if any Person not qualified in any particular Parish as aforesaid, shall pre- Penalty of art* fume to act as a Trustee, every such Person shall, for each Time he shall so aft, forfeit the Sum of ten ing if not qua* Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint, in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Commissioner within the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute; which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees in the respective Parishes, to be by them applied for repairing the said Roads: And in case >any such Complaint shall be made, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

III. And, for the more easy and effectual Execution of this Act, and of the Powers herein after Commissioner- grained,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners qualified as aforesaid shall fi^il meet in meet by themselves, or their Proxies appointed by a Writing under their Hands, at their respective Parish their refyetfive Churches, upon the first Tuesday of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, with Power of Church-Adjournment; and failing their Meeting on that Day, upon every successive Tuesday of that Month; cs* and failing any such Meeting, upon any Day, previous Notice, by Order of anyone Commissioner in the Parish, being made by the Reader from his Desk on a Sunday, at least ten Days before the Meeting, with Power of Adjournment: And the Commissioners of each Parish within the said County shall, at their first makeup Meeting, or at any adjourned Meeting, and on or before the first Tuesday of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, make up a List of the Plough-gates of Land, and Subdivisions thereof, and of the Possessors of the same, and of all other Persons, Horses, or Cattle, liable to Statute-woik within the respective Parifttes.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Plough-gate shall be deemed so much whn deemed I, and as may reasonably be laboured with four Horses, and two Servants, according to the Narure of the Plough-gate. Boil, but not less than seventy Acres; for ascertaining which the Commissioners may take such Proof as

328

Lifts to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace.

Commissioner* reglefting, Justicet may make of Lists, and examine and correct them.

Persons liable in Statute-work.

Power to convert the Statute-work.

Grass Grounds.

Wo*k to be done by Persons who keep more Carts, Horsest &c than used for Cultivation of their Lands; and by Cottagers, &c. Seed-time and Harvest exempted.

Not more than three Miles dif-tant.

Commissioners may excuie indigent Persons.

Miners, Colliers, &c.

Application of the Statute-work.

The Statute-work of any Parish may be applied in repairing the * Roads in the Parish adjoining; not exceeding

Commissioners to determine what Roads are to be repaired.

Payment of Convcrhon Monies.

Persons not performing Sia’ute-labt nr iheir Efft&s to be poinded.

C. 12. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

they shall think proper: And that Copies of these Lists shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, and entered in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and likewise Copies of all subsequent Alterations the Commissioners may find it necessary to make upon them, which they are hereby empowered to do.

V. And be it furher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners shall neglect to make up avrd transmit their Lists, as herein directed, on or before the first Tuesday of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Justices of the Peace of the County, at their Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall have rower to make up the same, and to execute every other Part of this Act in the same Manner as the Commissioners are hereby directed to do; and the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall have Power to examine into the Lists, and correct Errors therein; and that Persons thinking themselves aggrieved by any of the aforesaid Lists may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, or to any adjourned Meeting thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Possessors of Lands shall furnish to the Highways, for six Days yearly, one Cart with two able Horses, and one able Servant, or two Carts, with one able Horse and one able Servant for each Cart, or Wains in Proportion, where the Custom is to work with Oxen; and that for each Plough-gate of Land they possess; and so in Proportion for Three-fourths, One-half, and One-quarter of a Plough-gate.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners in their respective Parishes shall have Power to demand a Conversio in Money for the Whole or any Part of the Statute-work, not exceeding the ordinary Rate of Labour in that Part of the County for Carts, Wains, Horses, and Oxen; and not exceeding Six-pence Sterling per Day for each Householder.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Tenant is debarred from the Liberty of Tillage, the Heritor, or Setter, shall be obliged to furnish the Statute-labour; or, at his Option, to pay the converted Value.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Persons keeping more Carts and Horses, ,or Wains and Work-oxen, than are used for the Cultivation of the Land they possess, shall furnish yearly six Days Work of the Half of such additional Carts and Horses, or Wains and Work-oxen, or in their Option shall pay the converted Value; and that Persons keeping more Draught or Carriage Horses than necessary for their Ploughs and Carts, shall furnish yearly three Days Work with a double Cart, for each Pair of such additional Horses, or in their Option pay the converted Value; and that Householders or Cottagers, and all labouring Men (not being Servants nired by the Year or Half Year, nor liable to furnish Carts), shall work themselves upon the High Roads for three Days yearly, instead of the six Days now required by Law, or in their Option pay Six-pence Sterling for each Day’s Work; and that the Statute-work shall be performed at any Time when required by the Overseers (except during Seed-time and Harvest), upon Notice being given in the respective Parish Churches, at least four Days before the Work is to be performed; and that no Persons shall be compelled to furnish or perform Statute-labour, at a greater Distance than three measured Miles from their Place of Residence; and that the Commissioners of the respective Parishes may, at their Discretion, exempt indigent Persons, either from working, or paying Conversion, especially such as have three or more Children under fourteen Years of Age.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Miners, Colliers, Salters, and Workmen at Furnaces, of the Age of twenty Years, or upwards, shall perform three Days Work yearly upon the Highways, or in the Option of their Employers pay the converted Value.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Application of the Statute-work, and of the Money arising from the Conversions, and of all other Monies destined by this Act for repairing the High Roads and Bridges, shall be put under the sole Direction and Management of the Commissioners aforesaid of the Parish from which the same shall arise; to be applied for repairing and keeping in Repair the High Roads and Bridges within the respective Parishes, and to no other Purposes whatever.

XII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to the Commissioners, at their dated or adjourned Meetings, to apply any Part of the Statute-work of their Parish, in repairing such Roads in any next adjoining Parish, as lead to or from their own Parish.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That the Statute-labour so to be applied in such next adjoining Parish* stall not extend to a greater Distance than three measured Miles from the Parish where such Statute* labour is directed to be performed.

three Mila* distant.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of each Parish shall, at a Meeting to be held on the first Tuesday in April yearly, with Power of Adjournment, determine what Roads in the respective Parishes are to be repaired that Year and make such Allocations of the Statute-work, and such Appropriation of the Conversion Monies, as to them shall seem proper for snaking ths said Repairs: And failing their Meeting on the first Tuesday of April, they shall meet upon every succes-five Tuesday of that Month; and failing any such Meeting, upon any Day, previous Notice, by Order of any one Commissioner of the Parish, being made by the Reader from his Delkpn a Sunday > at least ten Days before the Meeting, with Power of Adjournment.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole of the Conversion Monies shall be paid to the Collector within ten Days after being demanded by Intimation' from the Reader’s^ Dellcon a Sunday.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, liable by this Act, shall refuse or delay to perform his or her Statute-labour when required by the Person appointed to oversee the Performance thereof, or to pay his or her Composition Money as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Commissioner in the Parish, where such Statute-labour is to be performed, or Composition paid in Lieu of the same, or any Part thereof, to issue a summary Warrant for poinding his or her Effects for the

Composition

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 12.

Composition Money due; and if for Statute-labour, for double the Composition corresponding thereto, and for the Expence of the Poinding, not exceeding two Shillings and Six-pence Sterling, to be ascertained in the Warrant of Poinding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners shall appoint a Collector in their respective Parishes for receiving the Monies arising from Conversions or otherwise, to whom they shall allow a reasonable Salary.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector of the Land Tax, or Cess, of each Royal Borough, in the said County, for the Time being, shall be annually bound to coiled! the Conversio Money of the Statute-work of the Inhabitants, and others, residing within such Royal Boroughs, in case he shall be desired or required so to do by the Commissioners of the Parish, at their first Annual or any After-meeting; and shall be bound to account for and pay to the said Commissioners, or any Persons empowered by them, the Monies he shall so collect! and receive, after Deduction of five Pounds Sterling per Centum of the Sums so collected, to be allowed him for his Trouble; and that under the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling, to be paid by such Collector to the Commissioners for every such Offence, in refusing or neglecting so to do; which Penalty shall be levied and recovered in Manner herein after directed: And that the Commissioners shall have Power to appoint a Clerk in their respective Pa-riflies, who shall enter all their Proceedings in a Book, to whom they may allow a reasonable Salary.

X(X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners may appoint Committees of their own Number, or others residing within the Parish, to direct the Application of the Work, and Money allowed for the particular Roads: And that the Commissioners or Committees may appoint Overseers under them, with a fuirable Gratification for their Trouble.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector shall be obliged annually to make up an exact Account of the Money received by Conversions or otherways; and the Committees or Overseers shall, in like Manner, make up an Account of the whole Money expended, and Statute-work performed, in their respective Parishes; which, with the Vouchers, shall be annually laid before the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, to be examined by them, or such of their Number as they shall appoint: And that Abstracts of these Accounts be recorded in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Peace, for which he shall be allowed a Gratification from each Parish, as the Justices shall determine, not exceeding five Shillings Sterling: And that Collectors and Committees, or Overseers, neglecting to give in their Accounts, may be fined by the Justices, in a Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling; to be applied to the Reparation of any of the Roads within the County, at the Direction of the Justices.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of any Parish shall neglect! to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, and shall not have applied at least one Half of their Statute-work in Money or Labour, it shall be lawful for the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions (on the Application of any one Heritor in the County), to apply the Statute-work of such defaulting Parish to the Reparation of the Roads in that or any adjoining Parish; but that, where only Part of a Parish has been deficient, the Money levied from such Deficients shall be applied in that Part of the Parish where the Commissioners have done their Duty, or where these Commissioners shall desire.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Overseers, or any employed by them, to dig, gather, and take away, all Kind of Materials for repairing the Roads mor from any Common or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction; and from several Grounds, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of inclosed Ground, planted, set apart, and used for a Plantation or Nursery for Trees, or Pleasure Ground) and to open convenient Acccfles for carrying off the said Materials, on making such Satisfaction for the Damage done, as the Commissioners shall judge reasonable: And that it shall be lawful to the Overseers to make causeways and Bridges on the Roads, and to make necessary Ditches or Drains through the adjacent Grounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Roads commonly called King's Highways shall hereafter be thirty Feet wide, clear of Dike, Ditch, or Hedge, where not already inclosed, in Terms of the former Statutes; and that Church and Market Roads, and all other Roads, beat least twenty-two Feet wide, clear of Dike, Ditch, or Hedge: And that it shall be lawful to the Commissioners in each Parish, to alter the Course of the said Roads, on making such previous Satisfaction so the Owners or Occupiers of the Ground, as any two or more Justices shall judge reasonable: Provided, That in altering the said Roads, no Damage shall be done to any House or Building, the Side Walls of which are above ten Feet high, or to any Garden, Orchard, Yard, inclosed or planted Walk, or Avenue to any House or inclosed Ground, set apart and used as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees, or Pleasure Ground, Park or Policy, or to any growing Timber that affords Shelter or Beauty to any of the Premises: And further, That no old Road shall in any case be stopped, till the new otic is made sufficient, and declared such by a Quarter Session, or a Committee to be appointed by them for that Purpose: And that, where Roads run through uninclosed Grounds, Head-ridges Cull be made on each Side, at least twenty Feet broad^ Under a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there are Ditches on the Sides of the Roads, the Occupier shall keep them scoured and clear; and where Branches of Trees or Hedges hang over the Road, so as to annoy or interrupt the free Passage of the same, the Owners shall cut or prune them; and on their failing to do so when required, any 1 wo or more Justices may appoint Persons to scour such Ditches, and cut or prune such Branches or Hedges, at the Owners Expence, to be levied as directed for levying the Conversions of the Scatute-work, provided the same be done betwixt the first Day of October and the fitft Day of February

XXV

329

A Col If dor to be appointed in each Parish.

Conversion In Money in Royal Boroughs to be levied by the Collector of the Land Tax, and paid to the Commissioners, after deducing 5 per Cent. Penalty.

Clerks to be appointed. Commissioners may appoint Committee#, and Overseers.

Accounts to be marde up annually,

and laid before the Quarter Seffiofis,

[Penalty.]

Penalty on any Parish not making the Services cficdUal*

Overseers may take Materials*

Power to make' causeways, Bridges, &c.

Breadth of Roads.

Power to titer Roads.

Head, ridges eo ’ Feet broad.

D'tches to be scoured, and Hedges -pruned.

Method of Pro-ctcuing where one Side of a "Road hus been iiiuljfed, &c.

Penalty on laying Dung, &c. cri the Side of the Road*, or dragging Timber thereon*

Commissioners may measure the Read*, andereft Mile-stones and Direction-posts,

Penalty on de* stroying or defacing Mile-stones, &c. or breaking down the Parapet Walls of Bridges, Scc,

Recovery of the

Conversion

Mcney,

Penalty on Collector« not exacting Conver-fmn.

Not to prosecute after six Months.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next Quarter Sessions j

whose Judgment shall be final.

Expences of the to be levied by an A fit-Ament on the Heritors.

330 C. 13. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where one Side of a Road has been inclosed before passing this Act, no Inclosure shall be made on the other Side, without leaving the full Standard Breadth between the Fences: And where the old Inclosures have been made within less than the Half of the Standard Breadth of the Middle of the Road, and the Ground on the opposite Side belongs to a different Person, the Owner of the Side formerly inclosed shall have it in his Option either to remove his Inclosure, or, at the Sight of Two or more Justices, to pay to the Owner of the uninclosed Side, the Value of the Ground which the latter is obliged to leave out for the Road more than what otherways would have fallen upon him,

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall lay down any Manure for Land, Stones, Timber, or any Nuisance or Hindrance, within Five Yards of the Side of the Roads, except within a sufficient Fence between it and the Road; or leave Carts or Carriages on such Road, or haul or draw any Tree or Piece of Timber, or other Material whatever, on the said Roads, otherways than upon a Wheel-carriage, Sledge, or Cart, or do any Thing whatever whereby the said Roads shall be unnecessarily spoiled or damaged, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings Sterling for each such Offence.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners, at their General Annual Meetings in the respective Parishes, to cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Polls to be erected on the Side thereof, denoting the Distance, at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; also to order, or cause to be erected. Guide-polls, upon such Parts of the Roads where the same are eroded or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and where any Parts of the Roads are subject to deep or dangerous Floods, to ered gra-duaced-Posts at the Entrances, denoting the Depth of the Water at the deeped Parts: And if any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface, any such Mile-dones, Guide or Graduated Pods, set up by Order of the Commissioners, or shall break down the Cape-dones on the Ledges or Parapet \yalls on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as herein directed; or shall be aiding or allifting to any of these Offences, or refeue, or attempt to refeue, any Person apprehended for having been guilty of any of them; every Person so offending in any of the Premises* and being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute of the County, or before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, shall not only be condemned to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences fudained, but also a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling; and for a second Offence shall, besides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than two Pounds Sterling.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the aforesaid Conversions, or to work on the Highways when required, then it shall be lawful for any two or more Judjces of the Peace, upon an Application ugned by the Collector, to grant summary Warrant for didraining the Effects of the Defaulter for Payment of the converted Value before mentioned and One-third Par^more, besides the Expence of Execution; and that the Justices of the Peace aforesaid, or any two or more of them, shall award Damages to the triple Value, to be paid to the Perfcfti aggrieved by such Warrant or Warrants, if they shall find the same occasioned by a false and improper Accusation; and in case the Collector shall fail to exact the aforesaid Conversion, he shall be liable, by Sentence of one or more of the said Justices, to pay triple the Conversion Money so omitted to be exacted by him; and that no Person shall be prosecuted or punished, for any Offence against this All, after the Lapse of six Months from the Offence.

XXIX. And be it Am her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall consider him or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, Sentence or Judgment, with respect to any of the Matters or Things by this Act referred to the Determination of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for Arch Person or Persons to appeal or apply for Redr&fs to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their then next Quarter Sessions (giving fourteen Days previous Notice to the Parties interested or complained of) j but in case there shall not be fourteen Days tili the next Quarter Sessions, then such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal to the Justices at their next subsequent Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the Matters in Dispute, and whose Judgment therein shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to the further Review of any superior Court.*

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of passing this Act shall be settled and allowed by the Justices at their Quarter Sessions, and shall be defrayed and levied by a Tax upon the Heritors or Land-owners, within the said County of Linlithgow, according to the Valuation of their respective Lands, and shall be collcded by the Collector of the Land Tax, or any other Person appointed by the said Justices; and it is especially provided and declared, That no Commissioner shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

---

[Public Act.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act; and all Judges and Justices, and others, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hartsmere, Hoxne, and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 14 - 17 331

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From the passing of this Act till March 25, 1780, Merchant Ships, &c. may be navigated by Three-fourths Foreign Seamen.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that One fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and excepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation), or any other Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[This Act not to restrain any Royal Proclamation to be made pursuant to an Act 13 Geo. II.]

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and ether Trading Ships and Privateers).

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses), for a further Time therein limited.

[Further continued for Seven Years.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and forces by Sea.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

[Act 22 Geo. II. recited.]

intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea; it is, among other Things, enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, no Member of any Court-martial, after the Trial is begun, shall go on Shore till Sentence be given, but remain on Board the Ship in which the Court shall first assemble, except in Case of Sickness, to be judged of by the Court, upon pain of being cashiered from his Majesty's Service; nor shall the Proceedings of the said Court be delayed by the Absence of any of its Members, provided a sufficient Number doth remain to compose the said Court, which shall, and is thereby required to sit from Day to Day (Sunday always excepted) until the Sentence be given: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the confining Members of Courts-martial to the Ship in which such Courts-martial shall first assemble, until Sentence be given, hath been attended with great Inconveniencies and Prejudice to the Healths of Officers summoned to attend as Members of Courts-martial; and it is highly necessary and expedient that such Inconveniencies should be prevented in future; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Part of the said Act repealed.]

That so much and such Part of the said recited Act as directs that no Member of any Court-martial, after the Trial is begun, shall go on Shore till Sentence be given, but remain on Board the Ship in which the Court shall first assemble, except in Case of Sickness, to be judged of by the Court, upon Pain of being cashiered from his Majesty's Service; and that the Proceedings of the said Court shall not be delayed by the Absence of any of its Members, provided a sufficient Number doth remain to compose the said Court, which is thereby required to sit from Day to Day (Sunday always excepted) until the Sentence be given, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

332 C. 17. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

[Proceedings of Courts-martial not to be delayed by the Absence of any Members, provided enow remain to make a Court.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Proceedings of any Court-martial shall not be delayed by the Absence of any of its Members, provided a sufficient Number doth remain to compose such Court, which shall, and is hereby required to sit from Day to Day (Sunday always exempted) until the Sentence be given; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary whereof in any wise notwithstanding:

[No Member to be absent except on some extraordinary Occasion.]

And no Member of the said Court-martial shall absent himself from the said Court during the whole Course of the Trial, upon Pain of being cashiered from his Majesty's Service, except in Case of Sickness, or other extraordinary and indispensable Occasion, to be judged of by the said Court.

[Two clause on the said Act 22 Geo. II. recited,]

III. And whereas by two Clauses in the said Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it is enacted and declared, That every Person in the Fleet, who through Cowardice, Negligence, or Disaffection, shall, in Time of Acton, withdraw or keep back, or not come into the Fight or Engagement, or shall not do his utmost to take or destroy every Ship which it shall be his Duty to engage, and to assist and relieve all and every of his Majesty's Ships, or those of his Allies, which it shall be his Duty to assist and relieve, and being convicted thereof by the Sentence of a Court-martial, shall suffer Death; and also that every Person in the Fleet, who, through Cowardice, Negligence, or Disaffection, shall forbear to pursue the Chace of any Enemy, Pirate, or Rebel, beaten or flying, or shall not relieve or assist a known Friend in View, to the utmost of his Power, and being convicted of any such Offence by the Sentence of a Court-martial, shall suffer Death: And whereas the restraining of the Power of the Court-martial to the inflicting of the Punishment of Death, in the several Cases recited in the said Clauses, may be attended with great Hardship and Inconvenience; be it enacted,

[and altered.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful, in the several Cases recited in the said Clauses, for the Court-martial to pronounce Sentence of Death, or to inflict such other Punishment as the Nature and Degree of the Offence shall be found to deserve.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

---

[Preamble.]

7,000,000l. to be raised by Annuities, and 490,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the Sum of 7,000,000l. to be intitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be established this Session, and collaterally upon the Sinking Fund. Contributors may have the Annuity of 3l. 15 s. per Cent, for Life, instead of for 29 Years, upon producing a proper Certificate to the Auditor of the Exchequer before December 22, 1779. Every Contributor of icon /. shall, upon Payment of 70 1.* more, be intitled to seven Lottery Tickets. Preamble: reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribere to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 7,000,000l. intitled to an Annuity of 3 I. per Cent.; and also to an Annuity of 3 1. 15s. for 29 Years; both payable half-yearly. All Contributors who shall pay in the Whole of their Contribution-money before June 30, 1779, may receive the Half Year’s Annuity due July 5, 1779, on the Annuity of 31. 15 s. when they receive the Half Year’s Annuity due on the 3 per Cent.; otherwise they shall not receive the said Annuity until January 1780. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, &c. Cashier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which shall be assignable, &c. Cashier to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered, &c. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annui- ties granted by this Act; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit. Accountant-general, on Payment of 501. per Cent. of their Contributions before June 25, 1779, to give Credit to the Contributors for the Annuity of 3 1. i$s. which shall be transferable. Certain Rates appropriated for Payment of the Annuities granted by this Act. Governor, &c. of the Bank to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Account- ant-general. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant- general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant-general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act. Method of transferring. The Annuities of 3 1. s. per Cent per Ann. shall be a separate Stock from the other Annuities. The Annuities of 3 1. 1 c s. per Cent. to be made 4C a joint Stock with certain Annuities granted, for 30 Years, by the Lottery Act of last Session. Persons posseffect of Stock may devise the same by Will, &c. Commissioners of the Treasury to discharge all incidental Charges attending the Execution of this Act. The 3 per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act shall be added to the Joint Stock of 3 per Cent. transferrable at the Bank, &c. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 490,000! to be raised by a Lottery; the Prizes whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, &c. Contributors for every tool, they shall advance, to be in- titled to an Annuity of 3 1. 15 s. per Annum for 29 Years, or for Life. Life Annuities to be paid at the 46 Exchequer half-yearly. Cashiers of the Bank to give Certificates to Contributors who chuse Life An- miities 3 which may be assigned before December 21, 1779. Cashiers to transmit to the Auditor of the 2 Exchequer

333

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 19, 20.

[Proviso.]

Exchequer a Book containing the Names of the Contributors, &c. Contributors shall deliver their Certificates to the Auditor, before December 22, 1779, to be exchanged for Orders; and name their Nominees. Auditor to cause Orders for Payment to be made out as soon as convenient, which shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury. Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor and Clerk of the Pells, containing the Names of the Contributors, &c. Part of the Money to arise from the new Duties to be set apart for the Annuities on Lives. On Death of Nominees, Annuities to cease. Life Annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the Exchequer. When Contributors, &c. demand Payment of their Annuities in the Absence of their Nominees, they must produce Certificates of their being alive on the Day when the respective half-yearly Payments become due. What Certificate necessary when the Nominee resides in England or Wales. Penalty on forging Certificates, CsV. What Certificate necessary when the Nominee resides in Scotland or Ireland; or in Parts beyond the Seas. Penalty on Persons receiving a half-yearly Payment for any Time after the Death of their Nominee. Contributors, within a Month after Notice of the Death of their Nominee, to certify the same to the Auditor of the Exchequer, &c. on Penalty of 101. Annuities to be Tax-free. Commissioners of the 4* Treasury, on receiving a proper Certificate from the Chief Baron, &c. of the Exchequer, may cause new Orders to be made in Lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, &c. or defaced, or incumbered with Alignments. Clause for preventing Frauds relating to Standing Orders, Offenders to suffer Death as Felons. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-Monies, or for any Transfer, &c. Penalty on Officers of the Exchequer who shall demand any such Fee, or misapply the Monies, EsV. Officers, in certain cases, not to incur any Penalty for making wrong Payments. If the Fund to be efta- blished for Payment of the Annuities should prove insufficient, the Deficiency to be supplied out of the Sinking Fund; which Monies shall be replaced out of the next Supplies. If the Fund shall be more than sufficient to pay the Annuities, the Surplus to be reserved for the Difeofidon of Parliament. Ma- nagers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books. Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets; with an Account of the Monies paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with Two Columns, on each of which 49,000 Tickets are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets. 10001. to each First-drawn Ticket of the first eight Days, and iooooI. to the Last-drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on November 15, 1779. Method to be observed in Drawing, iffc. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be ad- jutted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, &c. Felony. Offenders (not in Prisonj difeo- vering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50 1. Reward. Managers to be sworn. The Oath. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the same; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 10l. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits with respect to the Lot- tery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, as they shall think fit. Limitation of the Sale of Chances, fcfr.

Penalty. Office-keepers, iffc. felling Shares in Tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 500 1.

and suffer three Months Imprisonment. No Person shall keep any Office for the Sale of Tickets, &c. in Oxford ox Cambridge, on Penalty of 20 1. Offenders may be prosecuted in the Vice-chancellor's Court. Forfeitures may be levied by Distress, &c. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient Surety is given to prosecute the same with Effect, ffc. This Act not to prejudice the Privi- leges and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, &c. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, made punishable: Penalties may be feed for in Dublin. The

490,000 ]. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Sef-

[Treble Costs.]

[General issue.]

fion 5 and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 1780, &c. Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, &c. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for any Receipts, &c. on Penalty of 201.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of Mareky one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland', and of the Heads, Principals, and Mailers, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for repealing two Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second for those Purposes.

c

WHEREAS the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, had often been left in indigent Circumstances, without any Provision for their Subsistence or Education: And

[Preamble,

m

Act 17 Geo. II. recited.

The said Act amended by Act ft* Geo. II.

Ministers sow la the Church, &c. to continue liable in Payment of their Rates.

Ministert, &c. hereafter admitted to be fuh* j«ft to Rates*

[Proviso.]

Rule for notify tag the Option of Rasta*

G« 20.

Anno decimo nemo Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

whereas all tht charitable Dfcfigns that had been propdfed for the Relief of fkich Widows ami Orphans

Heads, Principals, and Masters, were to pay, oat of their respective Stipends, or Salaries, at iheir Option, same one of the Anrtaal Rates following: That is to say, Two Pounds twelve Shillings and Six- pence; three Pounds eighteen Shillings and Nine pence 5 fore Pounds and ftvt Shillings j or Six Poimds eleven Shiflingsr and Three-pence, of lawful Money of Great Britain 5 to be applied for Payment of Life- rent Annuities to the refofective Widows ef such Ministers of the said Church, or Head*, Principals, of Masters in the Universities afetefeid, anvouhtfrig to ten Pound*, fifteen Pounds, twenty Pounds, or twenty-fivi Pounds, of fitee Money, in PrdpOrtkm to such of the aforesaid Annual Rates as they shall respectively have chosen: And also, to the making Provisiofi rfcfpe&ivdy for the Children of the said r Ministers, Head*, Principals, and Matters, amounting to the Seifi of one hundred Pounds, One hundred and fifty Pounds, two hundred Pounds, or twb hundred and fifty Poarnds, of like Money, and in the like Proportion: And h Was further ete»6fced, That the Surplus of the aforesaid Annual Rates, and other Strms payable by Virtue of the aforesaid Act, were, after Payment of the annual Expence of Management, and of the Amteitfes payable tb Widows, and of the Provisiona payable 10 Children* to be 41 lent out to the Ministers of the Chtfrch of Scotland\ and to the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the aforesaid Universities, to the Arhotfttt Of thirty Pounds of lawful Money to each of them; and that all flit ate SuTplufles Wefb, ffom Tithe to Time, to be lent out upon proper Sedurlry, until the Capital therein rtierrticmed Ibotrld be made tip and completed: And whereas the aforesaid Act was explained and amended, by another Act, made in the fW«ttt1r~feccnd Year of hie find Majesty's Reign, m which Act the Heads, Principal, and Maftets, in the University of Aberdeen were comprehended, upon eforir own Application and Petition 5 and Liberty granted for raising the Capital to fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, over and above the Sums lent to Mbfiftefs, Heads, Principals, and Masters as aforesaid; making together i Stock or Fund of eighty thousand Pounds of like Money: And whereas it hath been fotmd from Experience, that the granting a Loan of thirty Pounds to each of the aforesaid Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Maftfenr, nks, in many Irtstances* proved hurtful to their Families, and to the Fund; and that the Irrttertft of a larger Stottk or Capital, over and above the aforesaid Annual Rates, and other Sumfs payable for Support of the Fund, Will be necessary so* Payment of the annual c Expence, When the Widows shall hate arrived at their Maximum \ Therefore, and for removing feve-rhl Inconvenienries and Difficulties which have arifbn In the Execution of the aforesaid Acts, Your Majesty*! itroft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Ministers and Elders of the General AftVmbly of the Ch urch of Stotland, bolden in the Month of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-right, and the Trustees ki atad by the aforesaid Acts appointed for executing the same, after due Enquiry has been made into the Sentiments of the Ministers of the said Church, and Of the Head*, Principals* and Masters h1 the said Universities, liable in Payment of one or other of the aforesaid Annual Rates, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, tbit it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent Of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thin present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Minister Who was possessed of a Benefice in the Church of Scotland^ and every Person who was possessetf of the Office of Head, Principal, or Matter, in any of the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy -eight, and who is now fabjeft and liable to one of the Annual Rates following, videlicet. Two Pounds twelve Shillings and Six-pence, three Pounds eighteen Shilling! and Nine-pence, five rounds and five Shillings, or Ex Pounds eleven Shillings and Thiee-pettce, of lawful Money of Great Britain, (halt, in the Manner herein after drre&ed, continue to pay the same yearly at each Term of Candlemas during his Life, notwithstanding he may have ceased, or shall hereafter cease to be Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal, or Matter in any of the Universities afbrtfoid, by Rc-signation, Deprivation, or any other Manner of Wav.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, wh<* has been ordained Or admitted firree the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or who shall hereafter be ordained or admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to one or other of the aforesaid Annual Rates, in the Option of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and other Masters respectively to be made within the Time and in the Manner herein after directed.

III. Provided always, That What is herein-above enacted, shall not comprehend any Person who shall hereafter be ordained or admitted to a Benefice in the said Church of a temporary Nature, or to a precarious Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, where there is no Security for the Continuance of such Benefice or Office5 and that it shall not be competent for any such Person to claim the Benefit of this Fund 5 it being intended only for a Provision to the Widows and Children of the Ministerr, Heads, Principals, and Masters, holding fixed Benefices in the said Church, and permanent Offices in the Universities aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, who has been admitted since the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or who shall hereafter be admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, and who was not before entitled to a Benefice in the said Church, or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, shall make his Election of one or other of the four above-mentioned yearly Rates, to which he chuses to be subject during his Life, by a Writing signed byf him, addressed to the Trustees herein after appointed, and which he deliver, dr cause to be delivered.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. 335

at the General Collector or Receiver’* Office at Edinburgh, within the Time respectively ^ftfir-mcotioned; that is to say, Every Minister having a Benefice in the Western or Northern Isles of Scotland, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of January that shall first happen after such Minister shall have had Right to his Benefice for one whole Year and every other Minister aforesaid, of the Church of Scotland, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of January that shall first happen after such Minister shall have had Right to his Benefice for one Half Year and every Head* Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of January that shall first happen after he bath held his Office for four Calendar Month*; and every respective Minister, Head, Principal, or other Master, neglecting to give Notice as aforesaid, shall bp deemed and adjudged to have made his Election of the Annual Rate of three Pound* eighteen Shilling* and Nine-pence, and shall be liable to the said Rate accordingly during his Life.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Minister, Head, Principal and Master, who ha* beep admitted, since the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or who shall hereafter be admitted to a Benefice in the said Church, or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, shall, a£ the first Term of Candlemas, after he hath notified his Option as aforesaid, make Payment of the Rate or Rates to which he shall then be subjected in virtue of his said Option, or in Default of his making his Election; that is to say. If at the said Term of Candlemas, he shall have enjoyed, and had Right to his Benefice for one Half Year, he shall be liable to the Payment of one Half of his yearly Rate; if he was entitled to his Benefice for one whole Year, he shall be liable to the Payment of one Year’s Rate; and if be was entitled to hi* Benefice for one Year and an Half, he shall be liable to the Payment of one Year and an Half of hi* Rate: And lastly, if his Salary is of such k Nature as to be payable only de die in diem, he shall make Payment of fu.ch Proportion of his Annual Rate as corresponds to the Number of Day* from the Date of his Admission to the twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding the Time limited for making his Election as aforesaid: And every such Minister, Head, Principal, or Maflgr aforesaid, shall, after the aforesaid Term of Candlemas, when first liable in Payment of his Rate as before ona&edtj make Payment of a full Year’s Rate, at each succeeding Term of Candlemas, during hi* Life, nmwithsignding he shall ccafc to be a Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, by Resignation, Deprivation, or any other Manner of Way; all which Rates shall be paid in the Manner herein after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Ministers of the Church of Scotland, or the Heads, Principals, or other Masters, in any of the Universities aforeijiid, shall, at their respective Deaths, have Right to only one Half of the Benefice or Salary of that Year in which they {fiall happen to die; that one Half of the said yearly Rate shall be payable for that Year put of their Benefice pr Salary, at the first Term of Candlemas, after the Death of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters respectively, in the Manner herein after directed.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Miniftw, Head, Principal, and Master, who i« now possessed of a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or of an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, and every other Perfop who is subject and liable in Payment of one or other of the aforesaid Annual Rates, who shall hereafter marry; and every Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, who shall hereafter be admitted to a Benefice in the said Church, or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, and who is or shall be married, shall, in refoed of his Marriage, be filled and liable to a Sum equal to his Annual Rate, and to the like Sum for each succeeding Marriage: which Sum in respect of the Marriage of a Minister of the said, Church, Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, shall be paid, over and above his Annual Rate, at the First Term of Candlemas, which shall be one full Year after such Marriage, and his Admission into the said Benefice and Office respectively, in the Manner herein after directed.

VIII. Provided always, That if any Minister of the said Church, Head, Principal, or Master in the Universities aforesaid, or any other Person, liable in Payment of one or other of the aforesaid Annual Rates, shall happen to marry a Widow entitled to an Annuity in pursuance of this Act, such Minister, Head, Principal, Master, or other Perfop, shall not be subject to the Payment of ,*ny Sum ip respect of such Marriage.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Ministers of the Church of Scotland\ or iiich Heads, Principals, or Masters in any of the Universities aforesaid, who have beep ordained, or admitted A (lift ants and Successors to the Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, having Right to a Benefice or Salary respectively, and who are not already fuMeded to one Qr,other of the aforesaid Annual Rates, or who shall hereafter be ordained or admitted Assistant* or Successors to Ministers, or to Heads, Principals, or other Masters, having Right to the Benefice or Salary as aforesaid, where there is no real Vacancy of such Benefice or Office, shall (as to all the Purposes of this Act) be held as admitted to a Benefice in the said Church, or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, only from the Tijpe tfiat such Assistang shall come to have Right to the full Benefice or Salary respectively.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so fopn as such Assistants shall come to have Right to their full Benefice or Salary as aforesaid, they shall be obliged to make their Election of one or otherpf the aforesaid Annual Rates, and shall be liable in Payment thereof, in the same Manner, and wkbin the Time herein-before eqaded, with respect toother Ministers of the said Church, and Heads, Principals* apd other Masters in the Universities aforesaid, vfhep first admitted to a Benefice or Office icfpcdively.

XI. And be it further enacted ty the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister, Head, Principal, ot Master, who shall hereafter be, ordained or admitted for the first Time to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or loan Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, and who, at the Time of his Ordination or Admission* shall be forty Years of Age, or upwards; apd every Assistant to a Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, who, upon.coming to the Enjoyment of his full Benefice or Salary as aforesaid, shall be forty

Rule for Mini.

sten, &c. mu king their fit ft Payment,

and fottitf Payments.

Rate to be pail on the Death of a Minister/ Sec,

M snifters. fub~ je& to a Tax on account of their Marriage.

Proviso iaia*

roar of those who marry Annuitaota.

Time when or-daiord Aftiftanta are subjected to Rates;

and when they shall make their Tle&ion of Rates,

Ministers, &c. of 40 Years of Age at Admis-fton, and having Children subjrft to additional Rates.

S3&

Proviso in case they are then unmarried.

Persons holding two Offices not subject to an additional Rate.

Rate payable oat ex' the Ann i

And where no Ann is eompe-tent, by the Heirs, &c.

Rates payable out of Vacancies*

Intimation to be made to the Patrons of the respectlvt Parishes when these Rates become duet

Time when these Rates bear Interest.

Penalty ®ti Presbyteries, &c. neglecting to make intimation.

Rates, &c. privileged Debts.

C. 20. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Years of Age* or upwards, shall, if married, or a Widower, having a Child or Children* be liable in Payment of a Sum equal to two Years and an Half of the Annual Rates to which he is subjected in virtue of his Option, or in Default of making his Election as aforesaid, over and above the Annua) and other Rates herein-before enacted, to be paid by the other Ministers of the said Church, or Heads, Principals, and Mailers in the Universities aforesaid; which Payment shall be made at the Term of Candlemas that shall first happen after he has, or ought to have, made his Election of one or other of the aforesaid Annual Rates in the Manner herein*before directed.

XII. Provided always, That if such Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Mailers, or ordained Assistants* shall, at the Time of their Ordination or Admission, or coming to the Enjoyment of their full Benefice or Salary as aforesaid, be Batchelors, or Widowers having no Children, they shall not be liable to the aforesaid additional Tax while they remain unmarried; but in case of their marrying afterwards, they shall be obliged to pay the said additional Tax at the Term of Candlemas that shall first happen twelve Calendar Months thereafter.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Minister of the Church of Scotland, entitled to a Benefice, is also a Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, and thereby intitled to a Salary, such Minister shall not be liable to double Rates, but shall only be liable to one Rate in respect of both Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and of every Head, Principal, or Master in any of the Universities aforesaid, or of any Person who once enjoyed a Benefice in the said Church, or an Office in any of the aforesaid Universities, and who was subject to one or other of the yearly Rates before-mentioned, a Sum equal to one Half of his yearly Rate shall be due and payable for the Half Year immediately after his Death, by those who have a Right to the Ann, where the Ann is by Law competent; and where no Ann is competent, the same, shall be paid by his Heirs and Executors; which Half Year’s Rate shall be paid in the Manner herein after directed at the first Term of Candlemas which shall happen a full Year after the Ann shall be due and payable, where the Ann is competent; and where no Ann is competent, at the first Term Of Candlemas which shall happen one full Year after the Death of such Minister, Head, Principal, or Master,

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Benefice of the Church of Scotland, and every Office of Head, Principal, or Master in any of the Universities aforesaid, that are now vacant, or that hereafter shall become vacant, shall be subject and liable to the Sum of three Pounds and two Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Half Year during such Vacancy, payable in the Manner herein after directed at the Term of Candlemas happening twelve Calendar Months after the vacant Stipends and Salaries respectively shall become due and payable.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Persons concerned in Payment of the vacant Stipends and Salaries respectively may be duly apprised of the aforesaid Tax, the Moderators of Presbyteries, and the Principals of Universities, or their respective Clerks, are hereby required, within three Calendar Months after these Rates shall, from Time to Time, fall due, to intimate the same to the proper Officers of the Crown where his Majesty is Patron, and to other Patrons or their Doers, or to the Heritors and the Persons themselves, who are liable in Payment of the vacant Benefices or Salaries; which Intimation shall be made by a Writing or Letter delivered to them personally, or left at their Dwelling-houses in the Presence of two Witnesses; and the said Moderators and Principals, or their respective Clerks, are hereby further required to acquaint the General Collector or Receiver herein after named, of their having made such Intimation by a Letter bearing the Time thereof; and if they shall neglect so to do, they shall be liable for the full Expences and Damages which the Fund may sustain through such Default.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the annual and other Rates payable by the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, by the Heads, Principals, or Matters, in the Universities aforesaid* or by those who have ceased, or shall cease to be Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, and also the Rates payable out of, or in respect of the Ann, and the Rates payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries re/bedively as before enacted, shall be paid to the General Collector or Receiver herein-afrer named*, at his Office in Edinburgh, within eleven Days after the respective Terms of Candlemas herein-before appointed; and in Default of such Payment being made within the said Time, the said Ministers, Heads, rincipals. Mailers, and other Persons respectively liable in Payment of the same, shall thereafter be subject to the lawful Interest of such Sums remaining unpaid.

XVIII. Provided always, That if Intimation shall not be made of the Sums payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, to the Patrons or other Persons above mentioned, within the Time hereinbefore required and appointed, the Interest of such Sums shall not be exigible from those Patrons or Persons* but shall be paid by the Moderators of Presbyteries or Principals of Universities, or their Clerks respectively, in Default of their having neglected to make such Intimation.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid yearly Rates and other Sums, payable by the present and future Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the present and future Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid; and the aforesaid Sum of thirty Pounds* lent on Bond to Ministers now in the Church, and to Heads, Principals, and Masters, now in the Universities of Scotland, together with the Interest thereof, shall be privileged Debts, and preferable to all other Debts of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Masters, not only upon their Benefices and Salaries respectively, but also upon their whole other personal Estate; and that the aforesaid Rates, payable out of the Ann, or in respect of the Ann, shall be privileged Debts, and preferable to all the other personal Debts of those who have Right to the Ann, or to the personal Debts of the Heirs and Executors of the Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, where no Ann is competent; and that the aforesaid Rates* payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, shall be a preferable Burthen upon the^ vacant

337

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 20.

Stipends and Salaries to all other Debts and Burthens; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums, payable by the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid, and other Persons, and the Sums payable out of the Ann, or in respect of the Ann, and also the Sums payable out of the vacant Benefices or Salaries, in the Manner herein-before directed, shall be applied by Order and Direction of the Trustees herein after appointed, and their Successors, to the Uses and Purposes after mentioned; videlicet, In the first Place, there shall be paid a Sum, not exceeding two hundred and ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, yearly, for the Salaries of the General Collector or Receiver, and the Clerk herein after named and appointed; and in the second Place, two hundred Pounds of like Money shall be applied annually for raisine the Capital herein after mentioned, until the same is completed; and the Remainder of the said several Sums, after discharging the Charges of Management herein after mentioned, shall be applied for Payment of the Annuities to the Widows who are now upon the Fund to which they are respectively in titled; which Annuities shall continue payable to them on the twenty-sixth Day of May yearly during their Life, and continuing unmarried; and also for the Payment of an Annuity to the Widow of every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and of every Head, Principal, and Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, who hath been subject to one or other of the annual. Rates above mentioned, in Proportion to the Rate to which the deceased Husband of the respective Widow was liable, in the Manner following; that is to say. If the Husband washable to the annual Rate of two Pounds twelve Shillings and Six-pence, his Widow shall be inti tied to an Annuity of ten Pounds; if the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and Nine-pence, his Widow shall be intitled to an Annuity of fifteen Pounds \ if the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of five Pounds and five Shillings, his Widow shall be intitled to an Annuity of twenty Pounds; and if the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of six pounds eleven Shillings and Three-pence, his Widow shall be intitled to an Annuity of twenty-five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain: Which respective Annuities of those Widows who shall hereafter come upon the Fund, shall be computed to run from the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty-second Day of November, which shall be one full Half Year after the Hufoand’s Death, and shall be due on the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty second Day of November thereafter, by equal Portions, and the first Year’s or Half Year’s Annuity respectively shall be payable on the twenty-sixth Day of A Jay, which shall be a full Year, or a full Half Year, respectively, after the Time from which the Annuity shall be computed as aforesaid; and the said Annuity shall so continue payable on the said twenty-sixth Day of May yearly, during the Widow’s Life, and her remaining unmarried; and upon the Death or Marriage of any Widow, who is now upon the Fund, or who shall hereafter come upon the Fund, her said Annuity (h ill cease and determine upon the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding her Death or Marriage: And if (he shall happen to die, or to marry before the Elapse of ten Years, from the Commencement of her Annuity, and her former Husband shall have left a Child or Children, who at the said Widow’s Death or Marriage shall be under the Age of sixteen Years, such Child or Children under the Age of sixteen Years, shall be intitled to such a Sum of Money as shall be equal to ten Years of the said Widow’s Annuity, deducing so much thereof as shall have been received by her; which Sum shall be equally divided among them, if there happen to be more than one Child.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if an Annuitant shall hereafter marry a Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, or any other Person liable in Payment of one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, (he shall be intitled, until the Capital herein after mentioned is completed, to one Half of her Annuity; and shall, after the said Capital is completed, be intitled to her full Annuity; which Half or full Annuity shall cease and determine upon the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding the Difiblution of the Marriage: And if such Annuitant shall happen to be the Survivor, (he shall thereafter be intitled to an Annuity corresponding to her last Hu (hand’s annual Rate; which new Annuity shall commence and determine in the same Manner as is herein-before cnaCed with respect to the Annuities of other Widows who shall hereafter come upon the Fund.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if her former Husband shall have left a Child or Children, who at the Time of her said Marriage shall be under the Age of sixteen Years, and (he shall not have drawn ten Years Annuity, in this Case her Annuity shall cease and determine on the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding her Marriage; and such Child or Children shall be intitled to the Reversion of her ten Years Annuity, in the like Manner as is before enacted with respeef to Children under sixteen Years of Age, whose Father’s Widow shall marry any Person not subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and every Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, or any other Person who shall have been subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, and who shall die, not leaving a Widow, but one or more Children, such. Child or Children shall be intitled to a Sum equal to ten Years of the Annuity that would have been payable to their Father’s Widow; which Sum, in case there are more Children than one, shall be equally divided among them.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provisions to Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, or to the Children of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid, falling due in consequence of the Death of their respective Fathers, or of the Death or Marriage of the Widows of their said Fathers, in any one Year, computed from the twenty-second Day of November, to the twenty-second Day of November, in the Year following, shall be payable on the thirteenth Day of

in the Maimer herein after mentioned*.

Application of the Money \

vit. For Payment of Charges of Management; for raising the Capital $ and for paying the Annuities to Widows.

Rule for computing Annul* tics.

Time when Annuities shall ceafsor determine.

Ch.ldren under Age intitled to Reversion of Annuities*.

Widow? marry-irg Ministers, &c. to continue Annuitant*.

Proviso i*/r favour of Children under Age*-

Sum to hb pi‘<T to Children *hose fathers died Widowers

When their Provisions are payable.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

338

Trusteef, In certain cases, to make Stoppages from the Widows Annuities.

also from the Children's Pro-

Loan of 301. to

he discontinued.

Loans already granted to be repaid, with inter* ft.

Loans may be repaid upon firing Notice thereof. -

Capital to be raised to m0/300 I.

Surpluses of the annual Prodoce above the annual Expence to be applied for raiding the Capital 3

and likewise such 30 1. as shall be repaid.

No Encroachment to be made on the Capital, nor the raising

thetcofx etarded.

C.

A.D. 1779.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees herein after appointed, and they are hereby required to flop and deduct the one Half of every Annuity which shall hereafter become payable for the first Time to the Widow of every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and of every Head, Principal, or Matter, in any of the Universities aforesaid, and of every other Person subject and liable to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, who shall not have paid, during the Time of, and by his being a Contributor to the said Fund, a Sum equal to the Amount of three Years of the Annuity correspondent to his annual Rate, and the like Sum annually, during the Life of such Widow, until either (he shall pay into the Fund, or until such Stoppages and Dedu£tion$ shall amount to as much as, together with the Sums paid by her Husband, without computing Interest thereon*, shall make up or be equal to three Years of her Annuity 5 and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees aforesaid, and they are hereby required to flop and detain, out of the Sum or Provitton which shall become payable to the Child or Children of every Minister, Head, Principal, Master, or other Person, fob-je& and liable to an annual Rate as aforesaid, who shall not have paid a Sum equal to three Years Annuity corresponding to his annual Rate, so much as, together with the Sums paid by him, or that may have been deduced from his Widow, without computing Interest thereon, shall make up, or be equal to three Years of the said corresponding Annuity; and the Widows and Children aforesaid shall only be intitled, in the respective Cases and Events aforesaid, to the Remainder, after the said Stoppages or Deductions from the Annuities or Sums provided to them in Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to prevent in future the Inconveniencies which have arisen from lending thirty Pounds to the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and to the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid, it shall not hereafter be competent to any of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Matters, to demand, or for the Trustees herein after appointed to grant him such a Loan.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and every Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, who has received such Loan, shall continue to pay the Interest thereof, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the Term of Candlemas, yearly, along with his annual Rate; and shall be, and he is hereby required, to pay the principal Sum upon his ceasing to be a Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid; and in case of his Death, the same shall be repaid by his Heirs, Executors, and Successors, and the said Loans shall bear lawful Interest from the twenty-sixth Day of May% or the twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding the respective Terms of Repayment as above mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent for every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and for every Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, who has received the aforesaid Loan, to repay the same to the General Collector or Receiver herein after 'mentioned, at the Term of Candlemas or Whitsunday in any one Year, notwithstanding his continuing to be a Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, upon transmitting previous Notice bf his Intention to the Clerk of the Trustees herein after mentioned, at least three Calendar Months before the said Term.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Capital which is now limited to eighty thousand Pounds, including the Loans granted to Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Masters, as aforesaid, shall be raised to the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, that# the Fund hereby established may be sufficient for answering the several Purposes of this Act; and particularly for Payment of the Annuities that will fall duel to Widows, when their Number shall have arrived at the Maximum.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order the more effectually to raise the said Capital of one hundred thousand Pounds, the Trustees herein after appointed shall order and direct, and take care that the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall, as before enacted, be applied annually for that Purpose, until the Capital is made up; and shall likewise order, that if in any one Year before the Capital is completed, the Interest thereof, so far as raised, and the Interest of the Sums lent to Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Masters, as aforesaid, together with the annual and other Rates, and the Rates payable out of or in respect of the Ann, and also the Rates payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, shall exceed the Charges of Management, and the Sums hereby ordered to be applied for raising the Capital, and the Annuities due to Widows, and the Provisions due to Children for that Year, such Excess or Surplus shall be applied to the Purpose aforesaid, of raising the Capital Stock or Fund, by lending out the same along with the Sums herein-before appointed to be lent out for such respective Year and the said Trustees shall further order, that when any of the Sums lent to Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, aforesaid, shall be repaid, such Sums shall also be applied towards raising the aforesaid Capital of one hundred thousand Pounds, until the Whole of these Loans are thus transferred to the said Capital Which Capital being so made up, shall be it further increased.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That although the annual Surplus aforesaid* in any one Year after Payment of the Charges of Management, and of the Sum hereby appointed to be applied towards raising the Capital Stock or Fund for that Year, shall not be sufficient to pay the whole Annuities to Widows, and the Provisions payable to Children for that Year; yet no Encroachment shall on that Account be made on the Capital, so far as then raised; nor shall the further raising thereof be thereby stopped or retarded; but such Deficiency or Short-coming shall first affe6l the Sums payable to such Annuitants as have married any Person liable to one of the aforesaid annual Rates; and then the Children’s Provisions proportionably; and lastly, the Sums payable to such Annuitants as have remained unmarried proportionably, without regard to the Order of Time in which these Annuities and Provisions become due; and the same shall again be made good to them out of the Surplus of the Produce of the succeeding

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. 539

Year or Years, in this Order 5 videlicet, After Deduction of the Expence of Management, and of the Sum to be applied for raising the Capital as aforesaid, the Sums due to Annuitants (who have remained unmarried) unpaid in the preceding Year, shall be paid and made good in the first Place, and then their Annuities of the current Year and after the said Annuities, the Children's Provisions of the former Year and then their Provisions for the current Year and lastly, the Sums due to such Annuitants as have married any Person liable to one of the aforesaid annual Rates for the former Year or Years, and then their Annuities for the current Year.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the aforesaid Capital shall hereafter be diminished, either by the Insolvency of Debtors, or by any other Accident whatever, such Diminution shall from Time to Time be made up by After-Surplusses, in the same Manner as the Capital was originally raised.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so soon as the Capital shall amount to ninety-seven thousand Pounds, the Trustees herein after appointed shall intimate the same to the several Presbyteries and Universities aforesaid, desiring their respective Members subject and liable to one of the aforesaid annual Races, to signify their Opinion, in case, in any one Year after the Capital is raised to one hundred thousand Pounds, the anmral Produce shall exceed the annual Expence, in what Manner the Surplus shall be disposed of; that the Trustees, after collecting their Sentiments-, shall form a Plan for the Application of such Surplus to such Purposes as shall appear most agreeable to the Contributors, and most for the Benefit of all concerned; that a Plan being so formed, shall be transmitted for the Consideration of the aforesaid Members of the Prefoyteries and Universities, and thereafter carried into Execution, if it Hull obtain the Sanction of Two-thirds of their Number.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if at any Time thereafter the said Plan shall be disapproved of by Two-thirds of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Mailers, liable in Payment of an annual Rate is aforesaid, it shall be set a fide, and a new Plan adopted, agreeable to their Sentiments.

XXXV. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister who is now* or shall hereafter be possessed of a Benefice within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and every rer-fen who is now, or shall hereafter be possessfed of the Office of Head, Principal, or Mailer, in the University of Edinburgh, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed the ordinary and Hated Trustees, for putting into Execution all the Powers in and by this Act given, during their continuing possessed of a Benefice or Office respectively in the Presbytery or University aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister having an Office many of the said Universities of Saint Andrews Glasgow% and Aberdeen \ and every Minister having a Benefice in any of the Presbytery Seats in Scotland (Edinburgh excepted), and who in virtue of the aforesaid in Part recited Acts did become a Trustee, shall comrnue to exercise that Office, unlefe he shall within twelve Calendar Months after the Time of passing this present Act, by a Writing under his Hand, signify to the Trustees aforesaid, that he declines continuing in the said Office.

XXXVII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent for every Minrfter who shall be hereafter admitted to any Office in the said Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Aberdeen, or to a Benefice in any of the said Presbytery Seats (Edinburgh excepted), to become a Trustee, upon his signifying by a Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Trustees herein-after named, within twelve Calendar Months after his Admission, that he chuses to accept of the said Trust; and in Default of his making such Intimation, he is hereby excluded from becoming a Trustee at any Time thereafter, during his continuing in Poffiession of such Office or Benefice respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ministers who now arc, or shall hereafter become Trustees, in consequence of their having an Office in any of the aforesaid Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow% or Aberdeen, or a Benefice in any of the aforesaid Presbytery Seats, shall only continue Trustees during their remaining in Possession of such Office or Benefice respectively.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Presbytery in Scotland (Edinburgh excepted), hereafter annually to elect one of their Number to be a Trustee for one Year, commencing from the first Day of May yearly; and that it shall and may be lawful for each of the said Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Aberdeen, annually, to elect two of their Nuthber, not being Ministers, to be Trustees for one Year, commencing from the said first Day of May yearly.

XL. Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the said annual Trustees, elected by the said Presbyteries and Universities, respectively to refuse to accept, or to a£ in the said Office, so as such Refusal be notified to the respective Presbyteries or Universities at the Time of Election, if the Trustees elect be present, or else at the next Meeting of the Presbytery or Universuy respectively, after the Elediofi shall come to his or their Knowledge.

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the ordinary and flared Trustees, and the other Trustees before nominated and appointed, are hereby authorised to levy the respective annual Rates, and other Sums payable by virtue of this Act, and to issue the same for the Purposes herein-before expressed, and for raising the aforesaid Capital to one hundred thousand Pounds by Loans to be made at Interest, not lower than one Pound per Centum under the lawful Interest for the Time being, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and to uplift the said Capital in Whole or in Part, and to employ the same front Time to Time, and for putting into Execution all the other Powers in and by this Act given.

XLII. Provided always, That it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees to lend out, uplift, or re-employ any Part of the Capital, but with the Advice and Consent of the Lord President and the two Senior Judges of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron and the Senior Baron of the Court of Exchequer^ am) of the Lord Justice General and Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being, or any three 06 them*

V the Capital be diminUhtd how to be made up*

Wan to be formed for did posing of the Surplus of the Fond, after the Capital is raised*.

In what Cash the said Plan* may be set afidf*

Trustees appointed.

MifiTfterom the-Universities and Presbyteries formerly Trustees continued, unless they decline the Office.

Ministers admitted to any Office in the Universities of St. Andrews, Glasgow, and Aberdeen, to be Trustees. Such Trusteea only to continue during their being in theft Office*.

Each Presbytery to cleft one Trustee.

Trustees so* elected may refuse to act.

Trustees authorised to levy the Rates, Ik.

Trustee* nor to employ any Part of the Capital without ConfenC of Lord PrtiU cent, dec.

340

Quorum of

Trustees, and Meetings appointed.

Manner in which the Meetings of the Trustets are to be called.

Former Cletk to the Trustees established in his Office.

Succeeding Civics to give Security,

Former Collector establ./hed in his Office, Sec*

[Proviso.]

Power to the Colle<f)or to recover Rates,

[Proviso.]

The Colleger to execute his Office of levying and applying the Produce of the Fund as directed by the Ttuftecs.

Collector to keep a Public Office in Ed.n-burgh.

C. 20. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any nine of them, whereof fix to be Ministers of the Church of Scotland, to execute all the Powers committed to them by this Act; and for that End they shall have four dated Meetings annually, to be held on the third Tuesday in the Month of February, the third Tuesday in the Month of March, the third Tuesday in the Month of May, and the fourth Tuesday in the Month of November, between the Hours of Twelve and Two in the Afternoon, in the Hall of the House built by the said Trustees within the City of Edinburgh, with Power to the said Trustees, or any nine of them, as aforesaid, to chuse one of their Number to be Priefes, and with Power to adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, to such Times and Places as they shall see Cause; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Praefes of the last Meeting of the said Trustees, or in his Absence the Moderator of the Pre(bytery of Edinburgh for the Time being, or in his Absence the eldest Minister of the City of Edinburgh, to call Meetings of the ordinary and (fated Trustees as Occasion shall require, at such Times and Places as he shall judge proper, by causing a Summons to be left at their respective Dwelling-houses, twenty-four Hours at least previous to the Meeting; and the said Praefes, Moderator of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and eldest Minister of the said City respectively, are hereby required, upon the Request of any five or more of the Trustees, to call such Meetings in like Manner; which Meetings of the ordinary and stated Trustees are hereby impowered, if they shall see Cause, to call a General Meeting of the whole Trustees, by giving Notice in the Edinburgh Newspapers fourteen Days at least previous to the Meeting, by an Advertisement bearing the special Purpose for which such Meeting is called,

XLIV. And whereas Alexander Stevenson, one of the Depute Clerics of the Court of Session, was, on the twenty-fifth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, elected, and has since that Time officiated as Clerk to the said Trustees, with a Salary of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and gave Bond, with sufficient Sureties, for the faithful Discharge of his Office, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds of like Money,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Alexander Stevenson shall, and he hereby is appointed to exercise the said Office of Clerk to the Trustees; and shall, at his own Charge, provide proper Books, and shall insert therein, from Time to Time, their Proceedings; and shall write, or cause to be written, their Orders; and shall have an Officer for advertising the Meetings of the Trustees, for which Officer he shall be allowed a Sum not exceeding five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

XLV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Successors to be chosen in the Manner herein after directed, with a Salary not exceeding the like Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and five Pounds of like Money for his Officer, shall, upon his Election, give Bond to the Trustees, with one or more sufficient Sureties, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds, of like Money, for the faithful Discharge of his Office, as herein-before and after enabled respecting the present Clerk.

XLVI. And whereas the Reverend Doctor Alexander JVebJlery one of the Ministers of the City of Edinburgh, was, upon the twenty-sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, elected,

and has since that Time officiated as General Collector or Receiver of the aforesaid annual and other Rates and Sums payable for Support of the Fund, with a Salary of one hundred and fifty-five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and gave Bond to the Trustees, with sufficient Sureties, to the Extent of seven thousand Pounds of like Money, for the faithful Discharge of his Trust, and that he would effectually levy and make good the annual and other Rates payable by the Ministers of the said Church,

and by the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver shall, and he is hereby appointed to execute the said Office of General Collector or Receiver of the aforesaid annual and other Rates payable by the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Matters respectively, and shall effectually levy and make good the same.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver shall not be obliged to make good the Rates that shall become due by the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Masters, after they shall cease to have Right to a Benefice in the said Church, orio an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver shall use ultimate legal Diligence for the Recovery of these Rates within twelve Calendar Months after they shall become due, which he shall report and instruct annually to the Trustees at their stated Meeting on the fourth Tuesday in the Month of November, when his Accounts are to be cleared; but if no Alteration shall happen in the Circumstances of such Persons against whom the said General Collector or Receiver has used ultimate Diligence without Effe-ft, he, upon giving Evidence thereof to the Trustees, and their sustaining the same, shall be acquitted and discharged, notwithstanding he shall not have renewed such Diligence fur the preceding Year’s Rate.

XLIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the General Collector or Receiver aforesaid is hereby authorised and impowered to levy the Rates payable out of or in respect of the Ann, and also the Rates payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, and all the other Sums payable for Support of the Fund in the Manner herein-before directed j and to issue the Annuities to Widows, and the Provisions to Children; and to lend out the Surplusses upon Interest, from Time to Time, as he shall be directed by the Trustees.

L. Provided always, That it shall not be in the Power of the said General Collector or Receiver to lend out any Part of the Capital, or to uplift or re-employ the same, without a particular Appointment of the said Trustees.

LI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver shall keep a Public Office within the City of Edinburgh, in which Attendance shall be given from the Hour of Ten to Twelve in the Forenoon of every lawful Day for thirty Days immediately following the iffiiing of

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 20, 341

the Warrant* to him, in the Manner herein after mentioned; and from the Hour of Ten to Twelve in the Forenoon of every Wednesday throughout the rest of the Year.

LII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said General Collector or Receiver, at the Sight and Direction of the aforesaid Trustees, to retain and deduct from the Annuities of Widows, and from the Provisions of Children, such Sum or Sums as shall be due by the respective deceased Husbands or Fathers, or their Heirs and Executors, and which have not been or cannot be recovered, upon the said General Collector or Receiver making over his Claim and Demand upon the Deceased, his Heirs or Executors, with all the Privileges and Preferences thereunto belonging, in favour of the Widow or Children respectively.

LIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver shall and may appoint one or more Deputies, for whom he shall be answerable, for levying the annual Rates and other Sums herein-before directed to be paid to him at his Office in Edinburgh, in case the same shall not be paid within the Time before limited.

LIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the full Expences that shall be incurred by the said General Collector or Receiver, or his Deputies, in recovering Payment of the respective Sums from the Debitors therein, or out of their EflFe&s, through their Default in not making regular Payment as aforesaid, shall be recovered out of their respective Estates without any Abatement or Mitigation.

LV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, or any one of them, to issue Letters of Horning, at the Instance of the said General Collector or Receiver, against all and every the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the Universities aforesaid, and the other Persons subject and liable to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, and against all and sundry the Persons liable in Payment of the Rates out of or in respect of the Ann, and vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, for compelling Payment of the aforesaid Sums, Principal and Interest, to the Payment of which they, or any of them, are or may be liable by virtue of this Act; and that the said Letters of Horning shall be executed, and other Proceedings shall be had thereon, in the same Form^nd Manner as is now in Use and authorised by Law with respect to Hornings, at the Instance of the said Ministers of the Church of Scotland, for compelling Payment of their Stipends; and that no Suspension of any Charge, to be given in virtue of such Letters of Horning, shall be passed without Consignation of the Sums charged for, as is also in Use and authorised by Law in the aforesaid Case; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Moderators of Presbyterics, Principals of Universnie$,or their respective Clerks, shall neglect to intimate, from Time to Time, the Sums that shall fall due out of vacant Benefices or Salaries respectively, within the Time, and to the Persons herein-before particularly appointed, it shall and may be lawful for the said General Collector or Receiver, to charge them with Horning for compelling Payment of the Damages and Expences which the Fund may fuftam through such Default; and that the said Letters of Horning shall be executed, and other Proceedings shall he had thereon, in the same Manner as is above enacted, respecting Hornings issued against the aforesaid Ministers of the Church, and Heads, Principals, and other Masters, in the Universities aforesaid.

LVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said General Collector or Receiver, in case of his being removed from his Office, before he shall have received the Rates that are by this Act appointed to be made good by him, or for his Sureties in case of his Death, to levy the same, in the same Manner and by the same Diligence as was competent for him to have used whilst in Office, with all the Privileges and Preferences to which he was entitled.

LVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Resignations of the Office, whether of Clerk to the Trustees, or of General Collector or Receiver, shall be made to the Trustees at one or other of their four dated Meetings herein-before appointed to be held; and that all Resignations of the aforesaid Offices, at any other Meetings of the Trustees, shall be, and are hereby declared to be null and void.

LIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,^ That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, for reasonable causes, to suspend or remove their Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver, and thereupon to elect another Clerk, or General Collector or Receiver, who is hereby impowened to act until the next Meeting of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland 5 which Meeting is hereby authorised finally to determine upon the causes of the Suspension or Deprivation of the former Clerk, or the former General Collector or Receiver; and shall either restore him to his Office, or continue the Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver elected by the Trustees; or remit to the Trustees to elect another Clerk, or another General Collector or Receiver, with Power to act until the next Meeting of the General Assembly.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on every other Vacancy of the Office of Clerk to the said Trustees, or of the Office of General Collector or Receiver, whether such Vacancy shall happen by Resignation, Death, Disapprobation of the General Assembly aforesaid, or any other Way, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to elect a Clerk, or a General Collector or Receiver, who shall have Power to act until the next Meeting of the General Assembly; which Meeting is hereby im powered to continue the Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver, chosen by the Trustees, or to disapprove of him; and in case the Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver, chosen by the Trustees, shall be disapproved of by the General Assembly, the said Trustees shall thereupon elect another Clerk, or General Collector or Receiver, who is hereby impowered to act until the next Meeting of the General Assembly: It being the true Meaning and Intent of this Act, that in all Cases of a Vacancy, either in the Office of Clerk to the Trustees, or of General Collector or Receiver, whether the said Vacancy is occasioned by Resignation, Suspension, Deprivation, Death, Disapprobation of the General

Collector to deduct from Widows Annuities, and Childrens Provisions, Sums due by their deceased Hufbmds or Fathers.

Collector may appoint Deputies.

Expences in recovering Sums due from Debtors to be paid out of their Estates.

Lords of Council and Section to issue Letters of Horning against Ministers, See* for compelling Payment;

and for recovering Soma due ft om vacant Benefices and Salaries.

Collector, or his Sureties in case of his Death, may recover Sums appointed to be made gpod by him. Resignation of Offices to be made to the Trustees at one of their stated Meetings. Trustees may suspend or remove their Officers upon reasonable cause.

Vacancies of the Office of Clerk or Collector to be filled up by the Trustees, until the Meeting of the General Assembly.

3+2

Proviibi

Cne of two may

be chosen to execute the Office of Collector.

Notice to be given of Election of Officers j

or such Election* to be void.

General Collector to give Security,

Presbyteries to make up Lists of Ministers,

Sc. admitted to Benefices, &c.

Proviso in favour of the Pres-bvteries in the Isles.

Presbyteries,

&c, to give Certificate* to the Widows and Children.

Trustees to make lip Lists of Widows and Children inthled to receive A nnui-ties and Provisions.

Trustees to settle the Lists of Annuitants, &c.

and i(Tn" Warrants for Payment, &c.

C. 20. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Assembly, or any other Way; the said Trustees shall, in the first Instance, elect a new Clerk, or a General Collector or Receiver j such Election being always subjected to the Review of the General Assembly, in Manner aforesaid.

LXI. Provided always, That the Clerk, or General Collector or Receiver, so named and elected by the Trustees, shall be allowed a proportionable Part of the Salary annexed to his Office during the Time that he shall have discharged his Trust.

LXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to cleft one or two Persons, but no greater Number, to execute the Office of General Collector 01; Receiver, whose Election shall be subject to the Review of the next General Assembly, in the Manner herein-before described.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Elections of the Clerk, or of the General Collector or Receiver aforesaid, by the Trustees, whether such Election shall be made in a stated Meeting of the Trustees, or in a Meeting called for that Purpose, Notice shall be given, in the Edinburgh Newspapers, of the intended Election, and of the Day appointed for the same, at lead fourteen Days before the Day of Election.

LXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That every Election, whether of Clerk to the Trustees, or of the General Collector or Receiver aforesaid, made by the Trustees, without such public Notice, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be null and void.

LXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the General Collector or Receiver, fbelcfted and chosen, shall, upon his Admission, give Bond to the said Trustees, with one or more sufficient Sureties, to the Extent of seven thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the faithful Discharge and Execution of his Trust, in the Manner herein before and after enacted, respecting the present General Collector or Receiver; and shall, in Consideration of his whole Trouble and Expence, be allowed an annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and fifty-five Pounds of like Money.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Presbytery in Scotland, and each of the Universities aforesaid, shall from Time to Time make up Lists of all the Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Matters, admitted into Benefices or Offices, within their respective Presbyteries or Universities, with the particular Dates of their Admissions, and of their respective Ages at such Admissions, properly certified; and with a particular Account, whether such Minister or Member of the University be married, or a Widower having Children, and with the Date of his Marriage, if the same shall happen afterwards; and also a particular List of the Ministers of the Presbytery and Members of the University respectively, who shall have died within the Year and whether they have left a Widow and Children*, with the Name of the Widow, and the Names and Ages of the Children; and also a List of all the Widows who have died, or been married, within the Year, with the Dates of their Death or Marriage, and what Children of their former Husband’s were alive at the Time of the said Widow’s Death or Marriage; and also Lists of all the Vacancies happening within their said Presbyteries or Universities respectively, with the Dates and Cause of the Vacancy: Which Lists, as also all other Lists that shall be found necessary by the Trustees, and by them appointed to be made up, shall be computed from the twenty-second Day of November in each Year, to the twenty-second Day of November in the Year following, and shall be attested by the Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery, and by the Head or Principal, and Clerk, of the said Universities respectively, and shall be transmitted by the said Moderator, Head, or Principal respectively, to the Trustees Clerk tefiding at Edinburgh, on or before the first Day of February, and the Moderator of the Presbytery, and the Head and Principal of the Universities, neglecting to sign and transmit such Lists as aforesaid, (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid in to the General Collector or Receiver, and to be levied in the same Manner, and to be applied to the same Purposes, as the annual Rates are herein-before appointed to be applied.

LXVII. Provided always, That the Moderators of the Presbyteries, in the Western and Northern Isles of Scotland\ shall not be subject to the said Penalty of ten Pounds, in case they transmit such Lists as aforesaid on or before the first Day of May yearly.

LXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Moderators or Presbyteries, and their Clerks, and the Heads or Principals of the Universities aforesaid, and their Clerks respectively, shall, at the Request of each Widow or Child claiming Right to an Annuity or Provision, deliver to them a Certificate signed as aforesaid, certifying the Death of the Minister, or the Death or Marriage of his Widow, with the respective Dates thereof, and the Names and Ages of his Children.

LXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, at their Meeting on the said third Turfday of Afarch yearly, m ike up Lists of all the Widows and Children intitled to receive Annuities and Provisions our of the Funds of the preceding Year, mentioning the Sum? to which they are respectively intitled; which Lists shall remain in the Hands of the Trustees Clerk, and shall be open to the Inspection of all Parties interested; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Parties interested to give in their Objections in Writing to the said Clerk, to be by him laid before the said Trustees for their Determination, at their said Meeting, upon the third Tuesday of Alay following.

LXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, at their said Meeting upon the third Tuesday of May yearly, finally settle and adjutt the said Lists, and their Praefes shall sign two fair Copies thereof, one to be kept by their Clerk, and the other to be forthwith delivered to the General Collector or Receiver; and shall also sign a Warrant upon the General Collector or Receiver for Payment accordingly, in favour of each Widow or Child interested; videlicet, for Payment of an Annuity to every Widow who shall survive Twelve of the Clock at Noon on the twenty-sixth of Alay, and for Payment to the Children of their respective Provisions, on the thirteenth Day of August thereafter; and shall lodge all the said Warrants in the Hands of their Clerk, to be by him delivered to the Widows as they shall call for the same; upon their producing to him such Certificates as shall be rc.quired by the said Warrants;

5

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 20.

and shall deliver to the Children the Warrants in their Favour, on the said thirteenth Day of August^ t>r so soon thereafter as they shall call for the same.

LXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver shall, immediately upon the said Warrants being presented to him, at his Office, upon any of the Days, and within the Hours above specified, make Payment of the respective Sums therein contained, without Fee or Reward, upon a Receipt indorsed upon the said Warrants.

LXXII. Provided always, That the Widows or Children claiming Annuities or Provisions in virtue of the aforesaid Warrants shall along therewith lodge, with the said General Collector or Receiver, such Certificates as shall be required by the said Warrants, according to the Forms prescribed by the Trustees.

LXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the General Collector or Receiver, or the Clerk to the Trustees aforesaid, shall, on any Pretence whatever, exact or receive any Money or Reward whatsoever, for or in respect of delivering the aforesaid Warrants, or for making Payment pursuant to the said Warrants, the said General Collector or Receiver, and Clerk respectively so offending, shall, ipso facto, forfeit his Office, and be incapable of ever being 1 e-clecUd into the same; and upon Proof of such Offence being taken by the Trustees, which Proof they are hereby impowered to take, the said Trustees are hereby impowered and required to deprive the said General Collector or Receiver, or the said Clerk respectively, and to declare him or them incapable of being rc-chosen: And if any Person acting under the said General Collector or Receiver, or under the said Clerk respectively, shall exact any Fee or Reward upon the aforesaid Accounts, the said General Collector or Receiver, or the said Clerk, by whom such Person was appointed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the S im of ten Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Proof brought before the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid, which Sums shall be levied and applied in the same Manner as is above directed with respect to the Annual Rates.

LXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Widow, Child, or Children, in-Vitled to an Annuity, or to Provisions respectively, shall be unduly omitted in making up the said Annual List as aforesaid, whether such Omission shall be occasioned through Default of the Presbyteries or Universities respectively, in not transmitting Lists agreeable to the Form that shall be prescribed by the Trustees, or from whatever other Cause or Occasion, it shall and may be lawful for such Widow, Child, or Children, to make their Claim to the said Trustees, on or before their next stated Meeting, upon the third Tuesday of March, in the Year following; and the said Trustees are hereby impowered and required to insert the said Widow, Child, or Children, in their Lists to be made up for that Year and shall grant Warrants for Payment of their Annuities and Provisions respectively, out of the Produce of the Year immediately preceding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Trustees, that the Omission of such Widow, Child, or Children, was not owing to any Default of their own, but to other causes, of which the Trustees are hereby declared the sole Judges in this Case, and no other ways, it shall be competent for them to allow such Widow, Child, or Children, Interest on their respective Claims, from the Dates when such Claims shall respectively be given in.

LXXVI. Provided always, That if the Widow, Child, or Children, so unduly omitted, shall, if residing within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland\ neglect to make their Claim within five Years, or if residing out of these Kingdoms within ten Years after such Omission, their Claim shall be held as deserted and given up, and shall not be allowed at any Time thereafter.

LXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Payment herein-before directed shall be made to the Widows or Children respectively named in the Warrants, if the Persons so named are Majors, and to the Tutors and Curators of such of them as are Minors; and if they have no Tutors or Curators, to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose, by an Act of the Presbytery qr University respectively, of which the Person under whom the Provision is claimed was last a Member.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Annuities payable to Widows, and the Provisions payable to Children, of the aforesaid Ministers of the Church of Scotland) and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid, shall not be liable to any Arrestment, but shall be paid to the Widows and Children themselver, or to their Tutors or Curators, or Trustees as aforesaid, or to their Executors and Administrators or Assigns; any Law or Ufuge to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees herein-before named and appointed shall attend the aforesaid stated Meetings, and the adjourned Meeting? thereof, and all occasional Meetings to which they shall be lawfully warned or summoned; and in case of the Absence of the said Trustees from any of the aforesaid four stated Meetings, they shall forfeit the Sum of two Shillings and Six-pence of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be levied and applied to such Purposes as the Trustees shall appoint; and a Certificate, under the Hands of the Clerk, shall be a sufficient Evidence of such Absence, and of the Penalty being incurred, unless the Trustees absent as aforesaid shall have a sufficierrt Cause for such Absence, and which shall be allowed by a Majority of the Trustees who shall be prefect at the respective Meetings.

LXXX. Provided always, That if such Excuse is disallowed of, it shall not be competent for the Trustees to modify or lessen the Penalty.

LXXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall annually prepare a State of the Funds under their Management, and an Account of their Proceedings, which shall be laid annually beford the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, and shall cause one thousand Copies thereof to be printed, to lie in the Hands of the Clerk of the Trustees in their Hall, till called for. by the several Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Matters, and othersjiable in Payment of any of the annual Rates aforesaid.

343

General Collector to make Payment upon W ir-rants being prefer teJ to him. Widows or Children to lodae the Certificates required.

No Rewards to be taken by the

Collator or-Clerk for delivering Warrants*

Remedy for Widows or Children omitted in the Lilts*

If Omission not owing to Default, Trustees may allow Ia-terest on their Claims.

Time limited for making Claims upon. such Onr.iflions,

Payments to be made to Maors, and to Tutors for Minots.

Annuities and Privisions to Children net liable to Arrest-ment.

Trustees so attend stated. Meetings, or forfeit as. 6d«

[Proviso.]

Tiuflees to prepate a Slate of the fund, and

Cmfe the fa ., C

t. be printed,

C. 21.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

344

Expence of printing, tec, to be paid by the Collector.

Collector to exhibit an Account of Monry come to hi* Hands*

Annual Rates paid by the Mi' nifters deemed Part of their Stipends. Expence of this Act to be paid by the Collector.

After April 5, 1779, do Person to keep a Lor-te*y.office without a Licence*

Each Licence to cost 501*

and shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of t«o Managers*

Licence to set forth the Name of the Person talcing out the same, &c. and to continue in Force for one Year*

Persont keeping any Offke contrary to this Act, to forfeit zoo 1*

A.D. 1779.

LXXXII. And, it is hereby enacted, That the Expence of printing the said annual State as aforesaid, and of supporting and keeping in Repair the before-mentioned House and Hall of the Trustees, and their other necessary or incidental Expences, shall be paid by the said General Collector or Receiver, and shall be allowed to him out of his Receipts annually; provided the said Expences do not in any one Year exceed the Sum of seventy Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver shall annually, on the said fourth Tuesday of November, exhibit to the Trustees, at their Meeting, a particular Account of the Sums that shall then have come into his Hands in the Year preceding, distinguishing by whom paid, and on what Account; and also of the Sums paid by him out of his Receipts 5 and the said Trustees shall, and are hereby impowered to audit and pass his Accounts, and to acquit and discharge him and his Sureties, from Time to Time, of the Sums so accounted for.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all future Processes of Modification and Augmentations of Stipends, the aforesaid annual Rates payable by the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and computed as rart of their Stipends; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence incurred in obtaining this present Act of Parliament shall be paid by the said General Collector or Receiver, at the Sight and by Direction of the Trustees herein-before appointed, and for which he shall have Credit at the first Clearance of his Accounts thereafter.

---

[Former Acts repealed.]

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present Act, the aforesaid in Part recited Acts of the seventeenth and of the twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, shall be, and they are hereby repealed and made void.

[Public Act.]

LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are to take Notice thereof as such in alL Courts and Places whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for licensing and regulating Lottery-office Keepers.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

---

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Public, and that it will prevent many fraudulent Practices used by Persons dealing in Lottery Tickets, and in Shares and Chances of Lottery Tickets, to grant unto your Majesty the Duty upon Licences, and to establish the several Regulations

herein-afeer mentioned and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and. be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, publicly or privately, set up, exercise, keep, or open, by himself, or any other Person or Persons, any Office or Place for buying, felling, insuring, registering, giving, or otherwise dealing in, any Tickets or Chances, or Parts thereof, or on the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery whatsoever, or shall, by Writing or Printing, publish the setting up or using any such Office or Place, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner hereafter mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall so set up, keep open, or publish, any such Office or Place as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, for every Licence to be taken out by any Person or Persons, for every such Office or Place used for dealing in or concerning Lottery Tickets, as aforesaid, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (over and above all other Duties, to which the Person or Persons taking out the same may be respectively liable, as Brokers, or otherwise), the Sum of fifty Pounds, immediately upon taking out such Licence; and every such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Managers and Directors of the Lottery for the Time being, and the Duty for the same shall be paid at their Office in London, or at such other Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Managers and Directors shall appoint to deliver out such Licences respectively, and to receive the said Duties; and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences to all Persons applying for the same, upon their Payment of fifty Pounds for each Licence as aforesaid.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Licence shall set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the same; and also the Place where such Business or Dealing shall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in Force for twelve Calendar Months from the Date thereof, and no longer; and every Person acting or dealing in any of the Matters therein contained, after the Expiration of such Licence, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly, in Manner aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit, for etch Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be recovered and distributed in Manner hereafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, after the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall publish, open, set up, or keep, any such Office or Place, under any of the Denominations aforesaid, or any like Denominations, contrary to

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 2U

3+5

the Intent and Meaning of this present Act, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by the Duty hereby Product of the granted for Licences as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the Com- BotyonU-mission to be made forth for managing, directing, and drawing, the Lottery1 established by an Act, made frJJL*0 in this Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and Sefawjtbe for establishing a Lottery)% in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of Expencet of the them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct, authorise, and approve. Lottery.

VI. And whereas the dividing of Chances or Tickets in a Lottery into very small Shares, has been No Person tofell found mischievous/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, so licenced as aforesaid, shall fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or of the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, in any'(mailer Share or Proportion than One-sixteenth Part or Share only, or shall publish any Proposals for felling any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or of any Chance of any Ticket or Tickets in the same, in any ftnaller Share or Proportion than One-sixteenth Part or Share, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every Person who shall offend in any of the said Matters shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and distributed in Manner hereafter mentioned; and every such Sale or Contraft, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall, under the Denomination of Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or with or without Confide rat ion, or under any Pretence, or in any Manner whatsoever, promise or agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, upon any Chance or Event whatsoever relating to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or ^naoce fejaun| shall publish any Proposals for any such Purposes as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the drawing this Act; and every Person or Persons who shall offend in any of the said Matters, shall forfeit and pay, of the Lottery, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered and distributed in the Manner hereafter mentioned; and every such Promise or Contraft, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Office or Place kept for any of the said Purposes, so licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for any of the said Purposes, or for the Transaction of any Business relating to the said Lottery, before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Morning, nor after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Evening (except on the Evening of the Saturday preceding the drawing of the said Lottery); and that the said Limitation or Restriction in Point of Time shall be inserted in, and made a Condition of, every such Licence; and in case of any Breach of the said Condition, such Licence shall be forfeited, and shall and may be revoked by any two or more of the said Managers and Directors; and (over and besides all other Penalties to which such Person or Persons may be liable) such Licence shall not be renewed, nor shall any new Licence be granted to, or for the Benefit of, the same Person or Persons, directly or indirectly, for keeping any such Office or Place for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

IX. And whereas many Persons have offended against former Acts made for establishing Lotteries, in

such Manner that they could not be prosecuted to Conviction, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the regular Course* of Law, within the Period of drawing a Lottery, and having made their Offenders against

Profit thereof, have easily avoided the Penalties incurred for such Offences by suddenly removing the m-4' selves ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the County, City, Town, or Place, where any Offences shall be committed against this Act, or the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, upon Information or Complaint made to them upon Oath (which Oath there are hereby authorised to administer) against any Person or Persons offending against this Act, or the said Act, to summon the Party offending, and, upon full and sufficient Proof being produced, to convict the Person or Persons so offending against this or the said Act, in the penal Sum or Sums to be forfeited and paid by such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so convicted shall, immediately after such Conviction, pay such Penalty to such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; one Moiety whereof shall be for the Use and benefit of such Person or Persons as shall first inform and prosecute for the same, and the other. Moiety to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Monies arising by the Duty on Licences granted by this Act are directed to be applied:

And, upon the Neglect or Refusal of such Offender or Offenders to pay such Penalty or Penalties in Manner aforesaid, the said Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, aie hereby authorised and required to grant a Warrant of Distress, to levy such Penalty or Penalties on the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders 5 and in case no sufficient Distress shall be found, then to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol for such County, City, or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until the Money so forfeired shall be fully paid and satished.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences^ to be made forth by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs*nd Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wnger of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall be subject to such other Penalties as may be infpfted on Persons for Forgery.

XI. And, the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the felling of Lottery Tickets in Shares or Chances/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury,

any Share of a Ticket left (has a Sixteenth,

an Penalty of

50

Penalty on Persons proroifing to pay any Money upon any Chance relating

contrary to this

a a.

No Business to -be transacted at any Lottery-office before Eight in the Morning, nor after Eight ui the Evening, Exception.

Two TofKcee may furamon

and, on Proof of the Otic nee, convict the«n in Penalties,

If Pend? Vs irt' not inifT,r<i!rf'r}y pvt*, they m.11 be levico by LVA-t rtf?.

On Failure of Distress, OiT-h-

drr to I c committed.

Any Person forging a Li--cener, shall forfeit 500 I. Ac,

CormifTr n^ri of the Tr^af ity to c nab!:in an

34'5

Office in London, and to appoint a Person to conduct rhc

B jfuiefs therecfj

with whom all Tickets, before they are divided jncoShares, ft.all deposited.

All Shares to be It mped by the O nicer,

who shall give a Receipt for every Ticket deposited with him.

Form of Receipt.

All Tickets deposited in the Office, to remain there three Days after drawing.

The Numbers of all Tickets de-fofited in the Office to be entered in a Book, with the Names of the Owners, and the Number of Shares into which they are divided, a d. for each Share so b;? paid to the Officer on depositing Tickets in the Office

who shall therewith pay all Expences incident to the Office.

Penalty on felling any Share of a Ticket without a Stamp.

Application

ereof.

C. 21. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

reasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and may, on or before the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, institute and establish, and are and is hereby authorised and required to rniiitute and feftabIUb,an Office, within the City of London, for the Purposes herein-afrer mentioned; and that any three or more of the said Commissioners, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint, and are and is hereby authorised and required to appoint, some one or more fit and proper Person or Persons to officiate in, and to conduct the Business of, the said Office, taking such Security for the full and true Performance of his or their Duty therein, as to any three or more of the said Commissioners, or to the said High Treasurer for the Time being, shall seem requifne and necessary; and that each and every Ticket in the said Lottery, before it shall be divided into or sold in Shares or Chances, shall be brought to the said Office, and shall be there deposited and left with the said Officer or Officers (o to be appointed as aforesaid, who is or are hereby authorised to receive the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their Deputy or peputies, shall, and is and are hereby authorised and required to (lamp and maik each and, every Share or Chance of each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery, so deposited as aforesaid, with some Flourish or Device engraved thereon; and that the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, upon the Receipt of every such Ticket, or any Number of Tickets, in the said Lottery, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall give a Receipt or Receipts to the Holder or Proprietor, at whose Office such Ticket or Tickets is or shall be (hared or divided, in Writing for the same, in the Form following 5 (that is to say)

RECEIVED the - Day of one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine,

of a Ticket in the present Lottery, Number which is divided

into Shares or Chances; pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made in the nineteenth Yt^r

of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Lottery-ojfiee Keepers \ 4 which said Ticket now remains and is in my Custody, in pursuance of the said Atts

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery as shall be so deposited in the said Office, and shall be divided into Shares or Chances pursuant to this Act, shall remain and continue in the Custody and Possession of the said Officer or Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, until the Expiration of three Days next after the Drawing of such Ticket in the said Lottery; and that on the Expiration of three Days next after the Drawing of such Ticket in the said Lottery, such Ticket shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Assignee or Assigns, upon producing the said Officer’s said Receipt for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Book or Books shall be kept by the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and register in such Book or Books, the Number of each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery, which shall be so as aforesaid deposited in the said Office for the Purpose aforesaid, together with the Name and Names of all and every such Person or Persons who shall so leave and deposit the same, for the Purpose aforesaid, and also the Number of Shares or Chances into which each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery shall be so divided as aforesaid; which Book or Books any Person or Persons whomsoever shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and inspect, on Payment of the Sum of Two-pence, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the leaving and depositing of any Ticket in the said Lottery at or in the said Office, with the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, for each and every Share or Chance, into which each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery shall be divided by the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, the Sum of Two-pence of lawful Money of Great Britain; and that with the Monies arising from such Fee to be paid as aforesaid, the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall bear and pay all such incident Charges and Expences as shall or m2y attend the Rcceipr, Entry, and taking Care of all such Tickets in the said Lottery, as shall be brought to and deposited in the said Office as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, and all other Ex Pences attendant on the said Office.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, sell or expose to Sale any Share or Chance of any Ticket in the said Lottery, without such Share or Chance shall have been first stamped and marked by the fird Officer or Officers, pursuant to this Act; that then, and in such Case, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, upon being convicted thereof before any one Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Division, or before the Mayor, or other Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any City or Town Corporate, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnessls (which said Oaths the said Justices of the Peace and Mayor are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to administer), or upon the View of such Justice or Justices, or the Mayor, Justice or Justices, for any City or Town Corporate, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties accused, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for each and ev~ry Share or Chance so fold or exposed to Sale, as aforesaid; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division, City, or Town, where the Offence shall be committed; which said Forfeitures, when recovered, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Prosecution, shall go and be applied, One-third thereof to the Informer, and the remaining Two-thirds to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. 347

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall presume Penalty on for- to forge or counterfeit, or to cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly a ft or assisting ,or aher, rts in the foxing or counterfeiting of any Receipt or Receipts for, or any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances t«ringPthe same of, any Ticket or Tickets, signed, divided, made, and delivered out, by virtue of this Act, or alter any with a fraudu-Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp, therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such lent intention, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, of any

Ticket or Tickets j or shall bring any such forged or counterfeit Receipt or Receipts, or any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, the Stamp whereof, or any Figure or Word therein, shall have been altered (knowing the same to be such), to any Person or Persons whomsoever with a fraudulent Intention, or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence as aforesaid 5 then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall forfeit and incur the same Penalty, to be recovered in the same Manner, and suffer the same Punishment, as is herein-before inflicted and declared in respect to the forging or counterfeiting of a Licence, in this Act before mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, in General Issuev his, hrr, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, 0£ otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Treble Costs;

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for thfc Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America, to, the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British SugarPlaMations before Payment of the Duties of Excite; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Americas and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships oa their Voyages.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring,’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George thre Such Part of a® First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Geo. t. Purposes therein mentioned\ as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods com- [°e im°or*atio*-monly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British Plantations or otVia^Storw* Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for &c. as relates to-twenty-one Years from the twenty-fourth Day of Juneone thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; Timber and and which by several subsequent Acts made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of the Lumber* Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty V Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and further contr-v the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, ucd riIiSn.% one thousand seven hundred and eighty*five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- *?» 17&5> liament.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due The above-Entry of such Goods shall be first made in the Custom-house belonging to the Port where the f.ime shall be mentioned imported, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities of the respective Good*, cn~ as was used and practised before the making of the said recited Act; and the said Goods shall be landed in Cu*cn^-hou^ the Presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, otherwise such Goods shall be liable to the at ticiw Payment of the like Duties as would be due and payable for the same, at the Times of the Importation Lr.por:auou,^ thereof,* if the said recited Act had not been made; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the

Customs to stop such Goods, and secure the same in his Majesty's Warehouse till such Duties are accordingly paid; and if the same shall not be paid within six Months after the said Goods are brought to fich 'Warehouse, they shall and may be fold, and the Produce thereof applied in the same*Manner as other Goods, which are brought to his Majesty's Storehouses for Security of the Duties, may, by tht1 Laws now in Force, be fold and tdisposed of, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other A eft, to the con- ‘ trary notwithstanding. ’ 1

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth partcfan AC* sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to imp Aver the Jr :b Geo. ig.

Importers or Prcpriet.es of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations^ to land t hr same I' f.VC I'iTj 7iHKt Of relaUiifc W lUfc

C. 2

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

34-8

landing of Rum, &c. betoic Payment of the Dai tiff of Excise,

further continue.! till Sept* *9» *7^5, &c.

Act 7 Geo. III. relating to the Duties on- Importation of Tallow, &c.

further continued till March

So much of an Act 10 Geo. III. as relates to regulating the Fees of Custom-house Officers in America, dec.

further continued till Aug. I, 1781, Arc.

So much of 16 Geo. III. Cap. 37, at relates to the Esportation of Wheat, &c. to the Sugar Colonies,

further confirmed till May f, 17.80.

Clause for encouraging the Exportation of Rum, &c. the Produce of the British Sugar Plantations, to be consumed on board Vesseli in foreign Paru.

Drawback. not to be allowed for any Rum exported in a Cade containing left than 100 Gallons, Ac*

A.D. 1779.

the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence j and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt, loft by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane; as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses, at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and foity-two, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament* and which, by several fub-sequent Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-full Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eighr, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue y for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard\ and GreaJ'ey which was to be in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5 and which by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of Marche one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there, which was to be in Force from the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by two Acts made in the twelfth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall he, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America* and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles; as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and which by two Acts made in the seventeenth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nihe, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, frohi the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

VII. For encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture,

of the British Sugar Plantations in America, from this Kingdom, as Stores to be sent and con fumed on board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Term of two Years from and after the passing of this Act, the same Drawbacks and Allowances which are given by any former Act or Acts of Parliament nowin Force on the Exportation of such Rum to Parrs beyond the Seas, as Merchandise, shall -he allowed and paid to the Merchant or Merchants, on his, her, or their shipping any such Rum as Stores to be spent and consumed on board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas; and when any Merchant or Merchants shall be desirous of shipping any such Rum as Stores, as aforesaid, and shall give five Days Notice thereof to the respective Commissioners of Excise, for the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose, mentioning in such Notice the exact Destination of the intended Voyage, the Tonnage of the Ship or Vessel, and the Number of the Mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, and also the Number of his Majesty's Troops that may hereafter be embarked in the same; it mall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to ascertain the Quantity of such Rum which shall be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel as Stores, and for which such Drawback and Allowance shall be paid and made; and also the Size and Marks of the Cask or Calks in which such Spirits shall be so shipped; and on Oath being made, before one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Rum is intended to be exported, or before such other Person or Persons as shall be authorised as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose, that the same are to be shipped as Stores, to be spent and consumed in the Voyage, the Merchant or Merchants shipping the same shall be paid the same Drawbacks, and have the same Allowances for Rum so shipped, as if such Rum had been exported as Merchandise: Provided always, That neither the said Drawback or Allowance, or any other Drawback or Allowance, shall be made or paid for any Quantity of such Rum which shall be exported or shipped for Stores as aforesaid, in any Calk which shall contain less than one hundred Gallons; nor shall

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 23, 24. 349

any such Drawback or Allowance whatsoever be made or paid for any Quantity of Rum which shall be so exported or shipped for Stores as aforesaid, on board of any Vessel or Vessels of less Burthen than one hundred Tens; bur that all such Rum shall be exported and (nipped, in all Respects not otherwise directed by this present Act, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as are prescribed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, relating to the Exportation of Spirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, as Stores to be spent and consumed aboard in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath% established by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing and well-governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, to take or acquire, and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lanas, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property, to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act.

Preamble, reciting Act 12 Geo. IJ.-c. $1. Devises, &c. deemed valid, although not made conformable to Statute of Mortmain. Hospital Estate not to exceed the Sum limited by former Act. General Say- ing. Public Act."

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for charging the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow-Iand% with further Taxes, for a limited Time for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second* and for better supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands.

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the, Draining of the Great Level of the Fens% called Bedford Level, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That William then Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of Francis then late Earl of Bedford, and of the 4 William, their Heirs and Assigns, should be. a Body Politic and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, with Power to lay Taxes on ninety-five thousand Acres of Land, allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Great Level, in order to the Support, Main- tenance, and Preservation, of the said Great Level, and Works made, and to be made, for that Purpose,

in such Manner as by the said Act is set forth: And whereas, by another Act passed in the twenty- seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford, and Earl of Lin- coin, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Levels Part of the said Great Levels to raise Money to aifeharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation, and for afeer- taining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Levelj and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; (fating 4 (amongst other Fafts) that, at a Court of the said Corporation, held on the tenth Day of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety-seven, the said Corporation had declared, that the several Parts of the said Great Level should be distinguished by the Names of the North Levels the Middle Levely and the South Levely respectively; it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That all the Money that should arise or be produced by the Taxes on such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lay within the said North Level (and which were thereby fixed at a Tax and a Quarter), and all other Rents and Revenues of the said Corporation, arising from the said North Level, should from thenceforth be applied and dif- posed of by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, in and about the several Banks and Works in the said Act, in that Behalf mentioned 5 and, in the first Place, to raise, make good, and keep in Repair, the North Bank of Moreton’s Learne, the East Bank of Cordykey from More- toris Learne so The Folly Bank, the Folly Bank from Cordyke to the River Welland\ the Bank reaching from The Folly Bank to Pcakirk Town, and the South Bank of the River Welland to the Weft Dam at the End of Crowland Town, until the said Banks should be made of such Height and Strength as the said Gover- nor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Successors, should judge sufficient to defend the said North Level, and South Holland, against the Land-floods; and afterwards, in such other Works belonging to the said North Level as are therein for that Purpose mentioned: And whereas it was by the said last- mentioned Act further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds in the said North Level, and the Lands % called Portsand, otherwise Great Porfand, lying within the Manor of Crowland, in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, intended to be drained under the Authority of the said Act, should be divided into five several Districts, in Manner therein mentioned; and Commissioners were thereby appo inted for the said several Districts* and Powers were thereby given for continuing and keeping up a Succession of such Commissioners; and it was thereby enacted, That the Commissioners for the said five Districts should meet yearly, and from Time to Time artels, tax, and charge, all and every the respective Owner or Owners cr all and Angular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Districts (except as therein 4 i.< excepted) by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates and Taxes, not exceeding one Shilling,

Preamble* Recital of Ada 15 Car. II.

and 17 Geo. II,

per

By the last mentioned Act, the North Level and Ports and were divided into five Di fir id 11 and Conmvffiontrs appointed, who were inr, powered to lay Taxes not exceeding 1f.

per Acre for the first Four Year*,

35°

#nd 6 d. per Acre afterwards;

and to borrow 24,000 1.

Thac Sum borrowed, and applied purfuaotto that Act, and to another Act of 13 Geo. III.

Act 19 Geo. II. impowered the Corporation to borrow 5, COO 1. more.

Recital of Act II Geo. III.

The 5,000l. borrowed and expended, and other Debts con-frafted.

The Lands In the North Letel charged with a further Tax of 6 d. per Acre, and Portsand 3 d. per Acre, payable to the Corporation.

The Taxes, and Money borrowed thereon, to be applied to the Corporation Works belonging to the North* bevel.

The Corpcratica impowered to but row the further Sum of 2U>,000 1.5

C.

24.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

per Acre, yearly, during the first four Years, and not exceeding Sixpence per Acre in any one Year after the Expiration of the said four Years, to be paid half-yearly to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners should appoint to receive the same; and that the Monies to be laised by the said Taxes, and also all Sums to be borrowed and received on the Credit thereof, in Manner therein-after mentioned,

should, from Time to Time, be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners, in or towards divers Works therein mentioned and specified, for draining and preserving the said Distnfts; and the said Commissioners were thereby impowered to borrow and take up Money (not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds) on the Credit of the said Taxes, so directed to be assessed by them as aforesaid, and such Taxes were, in the first Place, to be chargeable with the Monies so borrowed, and the Interest thereof: And whereas the Commissioners, ailing under the said last mentioned Act, did, pursuant to the Powers therein contained, borrow and take up at Interest in the Whole the Sum of four- teen thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Taxes by the said last mentioned Act directed to be aftefLd 4 and charged by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Monies so borrowed, together with the Surplus of the said Taxes, after keeping-down the Interest thereof, have been applied by the said Commissioners in and towards the Works directed by the said Act, and likewise in executing divers other necessary and expensive Works for the Improvement of the Wisbeach River, at or near the Outfall of the Wafers of the said North Level and Portsand, to the Sea, in pursuance, and according to the Direc- tions, of another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, and Newton, in the Isle of YAy, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary’j, in the County of Lincoln; and, by the last mentioned Act, the said Tax of Sixpence per Acre, chargeable by the said Commissioners under the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, is made applicable towards the further Support and Maintenance of the said Works; and the said fourteen thousand Pounds now remain a Debt on the said Taxes, so chargeable by virtue of the said last mentioned Act: And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing a Fund, for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds, payable out of the Revenues of the Afiddlf and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level, the said Corporation was impowered to borrow Money upon Bonds, not exceeding in the Whole five thousand Pounds, for the Use of the said North Level, to be charged on the Rents, Taxes, and Sums of Money, to be received, raised, or levied, by the said Corporation, from, upon, or on account of such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lay within the said North Level: And whereas, by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Worki necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Levels and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Aianor of Crowland, reciting (amongst other Things) that several Breaches having happened in the 4 No/th Bunk of Moretons Leame in the Years one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, the said Corporation had borrowed the said Sum of five thousand Pounds; and that other Breaches having happened in the said North Bank of Moretorts Leame in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said five thousand Pounds had been expended, and other Debts contrafted, by the said Corporation, in the necessary Repairs of the said North Bank, and other Works belonging to the said Corporation, in the said North Level; and that further Breaches had then lately happened in the said North Bank of Moretoris Leame; it was enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds within the said North Level, and the said Lands called Portsand, comprised in the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second (except as therein excepted), should be, and the same were thereby yearly, and every Year, rated, charged, and assessed, in Manner following; that is to say, all the Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as therein excepted) with a Tax of Sixpence for every Acre, and the said Lands, called Portsand, with Three-pence for every Acre,

‘ to be paid to the said Corporation, or their Receiver; and that the said Taxes, and all Money to be raised thereon, or borrowed and received on the Credit thereof, should, together with all Money arising ty the Tax and a Quarter, fixed upon such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said North Level, and all other the Rents and Revenues arising or payable to the said Corpo- ration from the said North Level (but without Prejudice to the Payment of the said former Debt of five thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof), be applied by the said Corporation in and towards the Charges of repairing the said North Bank of AAoretcn’s Leame, and the several other Banks and Works of the said North Level, to which the Monies arising from the said Tax and a Quarter, on such of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said North Level, and the Rents and other Revenues of the said Corporation, arising from the said North Level, were, by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, directed to be applied: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should be lawful for the Commissioners for the five several Districts or Divisions, nominated or appointed, elected or chosen, by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, to elect, yearly, eighteen of the said Commissioners, to be a Committee, to superintend and direct the Repairs and Amendments of the said Banks and Works; and the said Corporation was thereby impowered to raise, by Sale of the Taxes thereby charged, or to borrow on the Credit thereof, and of their other Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, arising from the said North Level (buc without Prejudice to the Bond Creditors for the said Sum of five thousand Pounds), such further Monies as they should judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds:

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 2

351

inj.y.

The Revenoei, after keeping down the Interest of the Debts, are info fheient to support the Wojki j

which, without further Aid, will soon he in Danger of breaking.

f And whereas the said Corporation, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, did borrow, upon Bonds, wh?ch c further Sums, to the Amount of twenty thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned, which ro*cd accord" 4 Debt of twenty thousand Pounds, and also the said former Debt of five thousand Pounds (amounting together to twenty-five thousand Pounds), now remain due and owing on Bonds from the said Corporation, upon account of the said North Level: And whereas the said Tax of Sixpence per Acre, charge-

able by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, upon the Lands and Grounds in the said North Level, and upon the said Lands called Portsand, and payable to the said Commissioners of the said five Districts, being subject in the first Place to the said Debt of fourteen thousand Pounds incurred thereon, the Surplus thereof, after Payment of the interest of that Debt, amounts only to three hundred and twenty-six Pounds one Shilling and Two-pence per Annum, or thereabouts, which is inefficient for supporting and maintaining the several Works to which the same is applicable by the said Acts of the twenty-seventh Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty; and the several Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, payable to the said Governor,

Bailiff*, and Commonalty, from the said North Level, being subject, in the first Place, to the Interest of the said Debt of twenty-five thousand Pounds incurred thereon, and to the Payment of a yearly Sum of forty-one Pounds to the Trustees for the Welland Bank and Road, the Surplus thereof, after Payment of such Interest and yearly Sum, and of the further yearly Sum of seventy-ieven Pounds (:he Amount of the Salaries of the several Officers of the said Corporation for the said North Level), amounts only to three hundred forty-six Pounds eleven Shillings and Ten-pence, per Annum, or thereabouts, which is insufficient for supporting and maintaining the several Works to which the same is applicable; and with- out further Aids for supporting and maintaining the said several Banks and Works for preserving the said North Level, the said Banks will soon be in Danger of breaking, whereby the said Lands would be drowned, to the ineftiraable Loss of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and to the Prejudice of the Public 5 for Prevention whereof, and in regard it will be greatly for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the said Lands to raise further Taxes thereon, for a limited Time, to be paid to the Commissioners of the said five Districts, not only for augmenting their present Revenue, applicable to the Works directed to be maintained by the said Commissioners, but also for gradually discharging the said Debt of fourteen thousand Pounds, whereby that Revenue will be increased, from Time to Time, as the Interest of the said Debt shall decrease by such gradual Discharge thereof; and likewise to raise further Taxes on the said Lands, for a limited Time, to be paid to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to be applied.

in Augmentation of their present Revenue from the said North Level, to the Support of the several Works directed to be maintained by them for the Preservation of the said North LevelV May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and notwithstanding the several Acts hereift-before mentioned, or any of them, or any Clause or Clauses therein, or in any of them, contained, all and Angular the Lands and Grounds situate, lying, or being, within the said North Level, and all and every the said Lands and Grounds called Portsand, otherwise Great Porfand, lying within the said Manor of Cropland, comprised in the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second (except Great Burrough Fen Common, otherwise Peterborough Great Fen Common, the Common now commonly called The four hundred Acre Common in Alderlands, Little Borough Fen Common, otherwise Peterborough Little Fen Common, otherwise Flagg Fen Common, and that Part of Sutton Common which lies South of Old South Eau\ and also except all the Lands called Hurts Grounds, in the Parish of Stand ground\ and also all the Lands of Oxney and Tanholt Farms, Chapel close, Borough-hill Close,

Padhams, Peakijk Long Meadows, Peakirk Little Meadows. and the Closes adjoining thereto, Newark Edgerley, and the Closes adjoining thereto towards the Weft and North, Billingswood, and the Closes adjoining thereto, in the Parish of Paflon, the Lands called The Inhams, lying South of the Felly Bank, and the Closes at the South End of The Inhams, called Puttock Closes; and also except all the High Lands in Eyebury and Newark, and all the High Lands in the Parishes of Peterborough, IVerrington, Glint on, Peakirk, Eye, Standground, and Whittlesey, or any of them), shall yearly and every Year, from and after the twenty-fifih Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, for and during the Term or Space of nine Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, be further rated, taxed, charged, and assessed; and the same are hereby further rated, taxed, charged, and afltffed, in Manner following; that is to say, all and every the said Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as before excepted) with a further yearly Tax of one Shilling for every Acre thereof, and the said Lands and Grounds called Portsand, otherwise Great Porfand, with a further yearly Tax of Sixpence for every Acre thereof; and that the said Taxes so hereby charged as aforesaid shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the respective Lands and Grounds so hereby respectively charged therewith, half-yearly, at the Days or Times following; that is to say, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in each Year, during the said Term or Space of nine Years, by equal Payments, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Time being of the said five Districts, under the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or the maior Part of them present at any General Meeting, shall, from Time to Time, appoint to be Receiver or Receivers; the first half-yearly Payment thereof to begin and be made on the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising from the said Taxes hereby charged as aforesaid, shall, together with the Monies arising from the said Tax of Sixpence per Acre affefiable on the said Lands and Grounds within the said five Districts, by the said Commissioners, tinder the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second (but without Prejudice to the Securities of the Creditors for the said Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds, or any of

Z z z them),

The Lands in the North Leret charged with a further Tax of is. per Acre, sod Portsand with 6 d. per Acre, for nine Years, payab'e to the Comouilioncrt*

New Taxes to

be applied with former Taxes; ▼i*.

352

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

to lrecp do.vn the Interest of the Debt of !4,ccoJ. and in the gradual Discharge of that Debt;

and to the Sup-

P'vt of the Works.

The Linds in the North Level charged with a further Tax of 4 d. and Port-sand of a d. per Acre, for the like Term of nine Years, payable to the Corporation;

To be applied to the Works of the Corporation belonging to the said North Level.

Quantities of the Lands how to be taken.

Accounts to be dtpvered in of the Names (f Tenants, and Quantities of Lands*

C. 24.

A.D. 1779.

them), be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for the said five Districts in Manner following; that is to say, in the first Place, in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incurred in and about the passing of this Act; and secondly, in paying and keeping down the Interest of the said Debt of fourteen thousand Pounds, or of so much thereof as shall from Time to Time remain due and undischarged; and thirdly, in the gradual Discharge of the Principal of the said Debt, by applying a yearly Sum of not less than one thousand five hundred Pounds, during the first seven Years of the said Term or Space of nine Years, out of the Rates and Taxes to become due and payable during the said first seven Years of the said Term, in and towards the Payment and Reduction of the said Debt; and by applying a further Sum of not less than one thousand seven hundred Pounds, out of the Rates and Taxes to become due and payable in the eighth Year of the said Space or T erm of nine Years, in or towards the Payment of the then Residue of the said Debt; and by applying out of the Rates and Taxes, to become due in the ninth Year of the said Term, a further Sum of not less than one thousand eight hundred Pounds, in Discharge of the Residue of the said Debt, if so much thereof shall then remain undischarged; and fourthly, that the Residue and Surplus of the Monies arising from the said several yearly Rates and Taxes, after answering the Purposes aforesaid, shall be applied, from Time to Time, by the said Commissioners for the said five Districts, or the major Part of them present at their General Meetings, in and about the several Works to which the said Tax of Sixpence per Acre, chargeable and assessable l>y the said Commissioners, by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, is applicable by that Act, and by the said Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act, and in discharging the Wages and Salaries of Officers, and other necessary Expences.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and notwithstanding the before*mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any Clause or Clauses therein, or in any of them contained, all and every the said Lands and Grounds situate or being within the said North Level (except as before is excepted), and all and every the said Lands and Grounds called Portland, otherwise Great Porfand, in the said Manor of Crowland, shall, yearly and every Year, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, for and during the said Term or Space of nine Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, be further rated, taxed, charged and assessed; and the fatfie are hereby further rated, taxed, charged, and assessed, in Manner following; that is to say, all and every the said Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as before is excepted), with a further yearly Tax of Four-pence for every Acre thereof, and the said Lands and Grounds called Portsand, otherwise Great PorJandy with a further yearly Tax of Two-pence for every Acre thereof; and that the said Taxes of Four-pence per Acre and Two-pence per Acre, hereby respectively charged as last aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the respective Lands and Grounds so respectively charged therewith, half-yearly, at the Days or Times following; that is to f^y, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in each Year, during the said Term or Space of nine Years, by equal Payments, to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the said Company of Conservators, and their Successors, or to such Person as shall, from Time to Time, be by them appointed, by virtue of the aforesaid Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, to be Receiver of the Taxes charged by that Act; the first half-yearly Payment thereof to begin and be made on the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising from the said respective Taxes of Four-pence per Acre, and Two-pence per Acre, so hereby charged as lift aforesaid, and directed to be paid to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Receiver, appointed pursuant to the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, shall be, from Time to Time* applied by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in and tc^yards the several Works for Preservation of the said North Level, to which the present Revenues of the said Corporation arising from the said North Level are applicable, by virtue of the said Acts of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, or any other Act, in such Manner as the Committee, to be from Time to Time elected and appointed out of the said Commissioners of the said five Districts, by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, shall, from Time to Time, direct, and in such Sort' as the said Committee are by the said last mentioned Act impowered, in respect to the Application of the Taxed charged by that Act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quantities of the several Lands and Grounds, so taxed* and charged by this Act, shall be deemed and taken according to the Quantities thereof ascertained in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second; and that the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds shall pay the respective Taxes charged by this Act, according to the same Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, as they are now rated and taxed at, under the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, save as to such Variations or Alterations as may be found necessary to be made in Consequence of the Provisions and Directions herein after contained.

VI. Provided, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Owners of the several Lands and Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforesaid, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, deliver to the Commissioners of the said five Districts or Divisions, or to their Clerk, Receiver, or Collector, just and true Accounts, in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Names of each and every of their respective Tenants, and of the Quantities of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, of their respective Lands and Grounds taxed and charged by this Act, in the Hands or Occupation of each and every of his, her, and their Tenant or Tenants respectively; and also of the Quantities of

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

0. 24. 353

Acres, Roods, find Perches, in Statute Measure, of such of his, her, or their Lands taxed and charged by this Act, as shall be in his, her, or their own Hands or Occupation respectively, or as shall be unte-nanted; and shall likewise, from Time to Time hereafter, when and so often as thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, Receiver, or Collector, by one Month’s Notice in Writing, signed by the said Clerk, Receiver, or Collector, to be given to such Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their Dwell ing-house or Dwelling-houses, or usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, deliver further Accounts, in Writing under their respective Hands, of such Particulars as aforesaid, and so as often, from Time to Time, as such Notice shall be given to any such Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, or Dwelling-houses, or usual Place or Places of Abode respectively: And in case any such Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, shall, at any Time or Times, refuse or neglect to deliver in such Account or Accounts within the Time aforesaid, or according to such Notice as aforesaid; or in case the said Commissioners shall have Reason or Cause to suspe& that any Account or Accounts so delivered in shall oot be just and true; that then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee for examining the Accounts of the said Commissioners, appointed in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or any three of them, to direct and cause Surveys or Admeasurements to be made of all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds of all or any of the Persons so refufntg or neglecting to give in such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or whose Account or Accounts shall be suspecied not to be just and true, the Person or Persons making such Survey or Admeasurement being first (worn to make a true and just Survey or Admeasurement of such Lands or Grounds according to the best of his Skill and Judgment, which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer; and in case, upon any such Survey or Admeasurement, it shall be found that any such Account or Accounts, delivered in as aforesaid, was or were a true and just Account or Accounts, then the Expence of such Survey or Admeasurement, as to the Lands and Grounds contained in such Account or Accounts so found to be just and true, shall be borne by the said Commissioners out of the Monies arising from the said Taxes; but in case any such Account or Accounts, delivered in by any such Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, shall be found not to contain or set forth a full and true Account of the Name or Names of all and every his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, and the full and true Quantities of all and every his, her, and their Lands, in the Hands or Occupation of each and every of his, her, and their Tenants respectively, and of the Lands in his, her, or their own Occupation, or untenacted or to be otherwise fraudulent or unjust; or in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such Account or Accounts within the Time aforesaid, or pursuant to such Notice as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, and so often as the same shall happen, the Expence of such Surveys and Admeasurements, as to the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to deliver in such Account or Accounts within the Time aforesaid, or delivering in untrue or unjust Account or Accounts, shall be borne by the Person or Persons jefufing or neglecting to deliver in such Account or Accounts, or delivering in such untrue or unjust Account or Accounts respectively, and shall be charged and levied upon his, her, or their Lands and Grounds* in such Manner as the said Taxes hereby charged are herein after directed to be levied; and that the several and respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the several Lands and Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall, from Time to Time, pay the said Taxes hereby taxed and charged as aforesaid; and also the several Taxes and Rates already taxed or charged, or hereafter to be taxed or charged, by virtue of the aforesaid Acts of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, or either of them, for the Lands and Grounds in his, her, or their Hands or Occupations respectively, according to the Accounts so given in, where no Objection shall be made thereto by the said Commi/Boners or Committee^ and according to such Survey or Surveys, Admeasurement or Admeasurements, where such Survey or Surveys, Admeasurement or Admeasurements, shall be made, and so from Time to Time, when and so oftest as any such Account or Accounts shall be given in, and not objected to, as aforesaid, or when and so oftcu as any such Survey or Surveys shall be made.

VII. And, to the End that the several and respective Taxes, to be charged and assessed by virtue of c this Act, may be the more easily collected/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective Occupiers of the several and respective Lands and Grounds taxed and charged by virtue of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby respectively required, and made liable to pay the said several and respective Taxes hereby charged upon the Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupations; and in case of such Payment by any Tenant or Tenants, who shall hold the Lands and Grounds by him, her, or them occupied, at a Rack Rent or Rack Rents, such Tenant or Tenants shall be at Liberty, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby respectively impowered, to dedu& and retain, out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, all such Sum and Sums of Money, as he, she, or they, shall respectively pay for such Taxes as aforesaid; and the several and respe<Stive Landlords, or Owners of such Lands and Grounds, are hereby required to allow such Deductions or Payments* upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents, such Tenant or Tenants producing proper Receipts for the Payment of such Taxes 5 and all and every Tenant or Tenants, so holding at Rack Rent, and paying such Taxes, shall be acquitted and discharged, from and against his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, of and from so much Money as the Tax or Taxes, by him, her, or them respectively paid as aforesaid, shall amount onto, in as full and ample a Manner, as if the same had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords respectively.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Leflfee or Tenant, for any Life or Lives, or Years, charged with the said Taxes, who shall hold his, her, or their Lands, hereby taxed and charged as aforesaid, by virtue of, or under any Lease from any Jhftiop or Collegiate Church or College* or any Ecclesiastical Corporation* sole or aggregate* or the

Trustees

How to proceed when Owner* neg'cft to deliver in Accounts, or Oialf deliver fufpictoua Account*.

TiJrt* to be pall by the Occupier*,

Tenant* attack gent tadrduft the same out of their Rent# v

Kut not F.efire* holding beneficial Lcaics,

35+

Poorer of Distress, for Recovery of the Taxes,

If Arretrs, fcc. are oot paid, or Goods, replevied, within five Days, they may be fold.

Unoccupied Lands to remain t Security.

Limitation of, Actions.

i

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

General Saving.

C. 24. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Trustees for the Charity of Peterborough, or under any other beneficial Lease whatsoever shall be intitled to deduct any Tax or Taxes charged by this Act, out of the Rent reserved or payable, by any such Lease or Leases, to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, but the said Taxes shall be paid and borne by the said Lessee or Lessees, so holding such Lands and Grounds under any such Lease or Leases, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect to pay all or any of the respective Taxes hereby taxed and charged upon, or for or in respect of, the Lands or Grounds in his, her, or their Possession or Occupation, oy this Act, ,or any Part thereof, within twenty-one Days next after the same shall become due or payable respectively, unto the Receiver or Receivers appointed from Time to Time to collect or receive the same respectively, at the ulua) Place or Places of Residence of such Receiver or Receivers respectively, within the said North Level, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers respectively, or any Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hand and Seal of such Receiver or Receivers respectively, to enter into or upon the Lands and Grounds so taxed and charged by this Act, in Possession of such Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, or into any Part thereof, and into all or any of the Messuages, Buildings, or Erections, thereupon Handing, or thereunto belonging, with their Appurtenances, and to levy and raise all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him, her, or them, payable for such Tax or Taxes respectively, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon the Premises, for or in respect of which such Tax or Taxes in Arrear shall have become due or payable; and, in case sufficient Distress cannot be found on such Premises, then to levy and raise all Arrears of the said Taxes respectively, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, which shall be found in any other Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Goods and Chattels so distrained to impound on the Premises, or take, lead, drive, carry away, and keep for the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving at such Messuage, Grounds, or Premises, Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Distresses; and, if the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained frail not pay all and every such Suhi and Sums of Money so due and in Arrear for such Taxes respectively as aforesaid, and all Charges attending such Distress, or replevy the Goods and Chattels so distrained with sufficient Sureties to be given to the Sheriff of the County where the Distress frail be so made, or High Bailiff of the Kle of Ely, according to the Laws now in being for Distresses in case of Nonpayment of Rent, within five Days next after such Distress shall be made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may, with the Sheriff or Under-sheriff of the County, High Bailiff of the Isle of Efy, or his Deputy by him appointed, and a&ing for him, or Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who are hereby required to assist therein)* cause the Goods and Chattels so distrained to be appraised by two or more indifferent Persons to be (worn by such Sheriff, Under-sheriff, High Bailiff, or his Deputy, Constable, or Headborough (who are hereby impowered to administer such Oath), to appraise the same according to the heft of their Judgment; and, after such Appraisement, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons making such Distress the Goods and Chattels so distrained to fell for the best Price or Prices that can be reasonably gotten for the same, for and towards Satisfaction of the Monies for which such Distress shall be so made, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained, leaving the Overplus (if any) in the Hands of such Sheriff, Under-sheriff, High Bailiff, or his Deputy, Constable, or Headborough, for the Owner’s Use.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That, in case any of the said Lands or Grounds shall at any Time be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be found for levying the said Taxes in Arrear as aforesaid, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for the Payment thereof, and all Goods and Chattels, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, appraised, and fold, in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Taxes, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be fuiiy paid and satisfied.

XL Provided, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding, shall, at any Time or Times, be commenced or prerfe-cuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suir, Information, or other Proceeding, shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in some or one of the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon) X,incolny and Northampton^ or in the Hie of 2s/y, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendant in such Action may plead the General Issue, or, if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this A<9, as Persons acting under and by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid), at aov Trial ro be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this, ACI: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or rf any such Action, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding, shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution of or discontinue his, her, or their, Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demuirer or otherwifr, then, and in every or any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avow-,ant or Avowants, shall recover double Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like Remedy as where Costs are awarded by Law.

XII. Saving and reservin ? nevertheless unto the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and their Successors, l ' and

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 25. 355

Public

and to all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such lawful Rights, Powers, Jurisdictions, and Authorities, now veiled in, and enjoyed by, them respectively, as are not hereby taken away, repealed, or altered.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed, in all Courts within this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Subsidies and Duties herein after mentioned / and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April) one thousand seven hundred and feveoty-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Impost or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, of what Kind or Nature soever they Vnay be, which are now due and payable to his Majesty, and are collected in this Kingdom under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, for and upon any Goods and Merchandises imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in, Great Britain which said additional Impost or Duty shall be charged and paid upon the Amount of the said former Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, after the usual Discounts and other Allowances have been made and deducted therefrom, and shall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon Exportation of the Goods, under the same Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and in the same Manner and Form in all Respects as the present Duties of Customs are now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, except a* herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Impost or Duty herein-before granted, shall not be charged and paid for or On Account of any Prize Goods warehoused in this Kingdom pursuant to two several Acts of Parliament,- the one made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and the other in this present Session, for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes with respect to bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom \ nor for any other Goods which by any Act of Parliament now in Force are permitted to be warehoused in this Kingdom for Exportation, unless, and until, such Goods shall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein they are so secured, to be consumed or used in this Kingdom; and that the said additional Impost or Duty shall not be drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of any Goods; in any Case where no Drawback, is allowed by Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there shall be charged, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impolkions* and Charges (except as herein after is excepted), now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and collected under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland; which said additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum hereby imposed, (half and may, from Time to Time, be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, as the several and respective Inland Duties, Rates, Impohtions, and Charges, on the Produce and Amount of which the said additional Duty and Charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now in Force, be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several respective Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers of Mitigation, Claufts, Matters*.and Things, were* particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge, with the said additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, the Produce or Amount of the Duty on Malt, Mum, Cyder, or Perry, continued and granted to his Majesty in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An AZl

Jor continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Murnt Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and Jew enty-nine; nor upon the Produce or Amount of the Duties arising from and payable for any Beer, Snpe, Tallow Candles, or Hides, brewed, made, tanned, tawed* of drefltd* within Great Britain; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand feveahundred and seventy.-nine, there shall be charged* raised* levied, collected; and

S ‘ paid*

From April 1779, *n additional Dutyr after the Rate of 5 per Cent, of the former Du-t;«, laid on all Goods imported into, exported from, or carried. Coastvt>ire in, Great Britain*

Prize Good? warehoused, not liable to* the aforesaid Duty*.

Ah 4d£ti<mar Duty on all er— cifeable Goods (except as after excepted), after the Rate of 5 percent. of the former ^Duties*.

This AflnoetW’ tffe& the Dtotiew granted by the Malt A A of tbi#. Session, nor those o» Beer*, Sope, Tallow Candles, anti Hides, made,.

Sec. in Great Britain.

An additional? Duty an Mole

356

of 15 per Cent, of the Duty payable thercoi by ao Act of 3t Geo. II.

The laid Duty to be raised, levied, &c. agreeable to the Directions contained in the Malt Act of this Scilion*

New Duties to be paid into the Exchequer weekly j

to be kept sept-J»te from all other Duties!

and to be applied in Payment of the Annuities granted by the JLottery Act of this Session.

[Preamble.]

Act it Geo. III. recited.

and furl her continued (i xc«ry t as altfr exceoftd) foi lcsen Years.

C. 26. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Rate, Duty, and Impofi* tioti, of fifteen Pounds per Centum upon the Produce or Amount of the Duty payable on Malt, by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late M^ptfty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt \ and for raising the Sum of eight Millions by way of Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged, on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Com making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets^ Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lojf, burnt, or other wise aefboyed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforeftic?, That ti e additional Rate, Duty, and Imposition, of fifteen Pounds per Centum hereby granted, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, collected, levied, recovered, and paid, in such and the like rorm and Manner, and under such Management, and by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments, and Power of making Compositions, proportionally and according to such Rules, Regulations, and Directions, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, with such Power of Recovery and Mitigation thereof, and other Powers, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed, for or concerning the ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the several and respective Duties upon Malt within Great Britain, which were continued and granted to his Majesty, in and by the said above-recited Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, or as are contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in and by the faicj Act, made in this present Session, mentioned or referred unto, or any of them5 and that all and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, in them, any or either of them, contained or thereby referred unto, shall be in full Force and Effect, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for charging, ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the said act-ditionalRate, Duty, and impetition, of fifteen Pounds per Centum hereby granted, and for levying, recovering, and mitigating, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and for doing all other Matters and Things, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were specially repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imposts and Duties by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs, and to the Cashier of the Excise in England, respectively, for the Time being; and such Receiver-general and Cashier respectively shall weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be notan Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies arising by the said additional Imposts and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-general and Cashier respectively shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept^ in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Imposts and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs ancf Successors, Upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by an Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to continue and amend 'an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery), it was enacted, for the better Regulation of the said Trade, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Management thereof, 1 That, from and after the twenty-second Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, .4 a Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton should be paid annually, in Manner as in the said Act is provided for, to the Owner or Owners of all deckt Vessels from twenty to eighty Tons Burthen, that should be fitted out and employed in the said Fishery, in Manner, and under the Regulations mentioned in the far'd-4 Act, and that for the Space and Term of seven Years from and after the said twenty-second Dav of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and to the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament: And whereas thusaid Fishery is of the greatest Importance to the Nation, by promoting useful Industry, providing for great Numbers of poor People, and serving as a Nursery for Seamen; but the same cannot be carried on without the Aid of a Bounty, and as a Prolongation of the above-recited Act (which expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament) will be of great Advantage to the Public*’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, and Penalties, therein contained (except as herein after is excepted), shall, from and after the Term therein mentioned, be, and the same are hereby granted and continued for and during the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then

2 IK X t

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 27. 357

next Session of Parliament, and shall, during such additional Term, be in full Force, and be put in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were again repeated and re-

enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen to the said Fishery, and to the Persons employed PartofiClaofe ‘ therein, by reason of Part of a#Clause in the said Act which enacts, That every Buss or Vessel ' J" tc,‘Jcj4ld A<^ c proceed respee:iv< iy, manned, furnished, and accouticd (as therein mentioned), either to Yarmouth in ,cpC4C c the County of A or folk, Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, and Leith in the County of Edinburgh^ c Inver mjs in the County of Inverness, or to BraJJly Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban ’in Argyltfowe,

or Kirkwall\x\ Orkney, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fishery there on or before the twenty-ficond Day of "June, and shall not (hoot or wet their Nets before the twenty-fourth Day of the said Month of c June, and shall continue fishing to the twelfth Day of October; or shall proceed to Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, II hitchaven in the County of Cumberland, Leith in the County of Edinburgh, Inver- ness in the County of Inverness, or to Brafjcy Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argyleshire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fisheries on or before the first Day of October, and dull continue fishing until the eleventh Day of January following, unless they shall have sooner completed their Loading of Ftfh be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this present Ail,'that Pert of the said Clause above recited shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority afcrtf.id, That every such Buss or Vessel shall, from and after At what Place*, the passing of this present Act, proceed respectively, manned, furnished, and accoutred, in Manner di- and »t what reeled by the before-recited Act, either to Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, Whitehaven in the County !.he

of Cumberland, Leith in the County of Edinburgh, Inverness in the County of Inverness, or to Braffey Sound Jo^rendeafou* in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argyleshire, Kirkive.il in Orkney, Stranrawer in the County of Wig-

town, or to Stornoway in the Iflanu of Lewis and County of Ross, and shall be at the Rendezvous of the said Fishery there at any Time between the nr ft Day of August and the first Day of OSIcber, in each Year and shall continue fishing for the Space of three Months from the Day of their respective Departures from the said Places of Rendezvous, unless they shall have sooner completed their Loading of Fish; any Thing in the before-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for further continuing and extending the Provisions of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax-, and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British chequed and Jlriped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheetings and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Recital ( in George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Act 29 Geo. II« c Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax), it is enacted, That there shall be given and paid, without any r ee. Reward, or Deduction whatsoever, a c Bounty for every Yard of British and Irish Linens, made of Hemp or Flax, and of the Breadth of twenty*

five Inches, or more, under the Value of Five-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and of the Value of Five-pence per Yard, and under the Value of Six-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny; and of the Value of Six-pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and within the Term of fifteen Years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the Island of Minorca, or the East Indies: And it was thereby further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, no SubliJy, Custom, Rate, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever, should be demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon any Raw or Brown Linen Yarn, made of Flax, and known by the Names of Dutch Yarn, and French Yarn, and of Spruce or Muscovia Yarn, or any other foreign Raw o~ Brown Linen Yarns, made of Flax', whit h shall be imported into this Kingdom; but that all such Linen Yarns shall and may be imported Duty-free for the Space of fifteen Years, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, any former Law, Statute, or Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding: And and jo Geo. III. 4 whereas by another Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act 3*

for continuing the Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported\ for further discontinuing the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British chequed and Jlriped Linens, and upon Br irish and Irish Differs, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain breadth), the said first-recited Act of the twenty-mnth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was thereby continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eighr, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And it was thereby further enacted, That there shall he given and paid, without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever, a Bounty for every Yard of British chequed or striped Linen, of the Breadth of twenty-five Inches, or more, and not exceeding one Shilling and Six-pence, and not under Seven-pence,

358

The two recited Acts further continued for t Year*.

The same Bounty to be allowed on the Exportation of Irilli Linens the Property of Persona redding in Ireland, at on those the Property of Persona redding in America*

Preamble, Recital of the Navigation Act U Car, 11.

C. 20. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

in Value per Yard, the Sum of one Halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June,

one thottfand seven hundred and seventy-one, and within the Term of seven Years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth Day of June last mentioned, and from thente to continue to the End of the then next Session of Parliament immediately following the Expiration of the said additional Term of seven Years, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the Island

of Minorca, Or the East Indies, in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, and Li- mirations, as the herein-before recited Bounties were allowed by the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, and continued under the said Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty: And by the said last-recited Act, it was further enacted, That for and upon every fouare Yard of Diapers, Hucka- backs, Sheeting, and other Species of Linen, upwards of one Yard English in Breadth, though of no finer dr better Fabrick or Quality than Linen of an ordinary Breadth (which are intided to the Bounty by the said first-recited Aftj, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding one Shilling and Six-pence the square Yard in Value, a Bounty of one Penny Halfpenny upon every such square Yard, and so in Proportion for any Quantity exceeding a squaie Yard, shall be allowed upon the Exportation thereof, respectively, for such Time, and in such Manner, and under and subject to the like Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations, as are prescribed by the said first-recited Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and continued by the said Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty: And whereas the Manufacture of Linen would continue to be improved, and the Exportation thereof to foreign Parts be preserved and increased, if the Bounties granted by the said recited Acts of the twenty-ninth x ear of the Reign of his l2te Majesty, and tenth Year of the Reign of his prc-

sent Majesty, ^rere continued, and the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarn, maaeof Flax, taken off for a further Term of Years :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the tenth Year of the Reign Of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued, under all the Clauses, Conditions, and Limitations, contained in the said two recited Acts, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas, by a Clause in the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, and also.by the Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is provided and enacted, That no Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland, to be exported from Great Britain, shall be in titled to the Bounty, unless such Linen shall be, at the Time of such Exportation, the Property of a Person or Persons rc- Tiding in Great Britain, or in some of his Majesty *s Colonies or Plantations in America: And whereas it is reasonable that the like Benefit and Advantage should be allowed to the Merchants of Ireland, as is by the said Act allowed to Persons residing in the American Colonies and Plantations j* be it therefore further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, all Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland, to be exported from Great Britain, being at the Time of Exportation the Property of a Person or Persons residing in Ireland, shall be intitled to the said Bounty upon the like Terms with Linens the Property of Persons residing in the American Colonies and Plantations; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods enumerated in the Act of Navigation to be imported in British-buWt Ships sold to Foreigners, and for releasing Ships and Goods which have been seized in pursuance of the said Act.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigationj, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Ma- nufacture of Muscovy, or of any the Countries, Dominions, or Territories, to the Great Duke or Em- perorof Muscovy ox Russia belonging; as also, that no Sorts of Masts, Timber, or Board, no foreign Salt, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp, or Flax, Raifms, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oils, no Sort of Corn or Gram, Sugar, Pot-ashes, Wines, Vinegar, or Spirits called Aqua Vita, or Brandy Wine, shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or Town 6f Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without Fraud belong to the People thereof, or some of them, astbe true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Master, and three-fourths of the Mariners at least, art English \ and that no Currants nor Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any of the Countries, Iflan'ds, Dominions, or Territories, to the Ottoman oxTurkish Empire belonging, shall be imported into any of the forementioned Places, in any Ship or Vessel but which is of Englijtb built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production, or Manufkc- ture, respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, or most usually are, first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Master, and three-fourths of the Mariners at least, are of the (kid Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods: And whereas the felling of British-built Ships to Foreigners is a beneficial Branch of Trade, and ought therefore to be encouraged, and it is highly reasonable that British Ships so sold to, or being the Property of, Foreigners, should en- joy the same Privilege in these Kingdoms as if they were of the Built of the respective Countries or

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 29, 30. 359

Places from whence such Ships do come be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, The said Act by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present *° Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of Aprils one ^«tnHomutiPeT* thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and during the present Hostilities with France, but no longer, with France) to the said recited A d of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second shall not extend, or be prevent the im-construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons whatsoever from importing into the King- potation of cer-dom of Great Britain or Ireland, any of the said Goods or Merchandizes herein-before mentioned and expressed, in Shipping built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, or in the property of any of the Lands, Blands, Dominions, and Territories, to his Majesty, in Africa, Asia, or America, or in Foreigners, pro-his Possession, so as the Matter, and three-fourths of the Mariners at least, belonging to and navigating tided they are any such Ship or Vessel, are British, or of the same Country or Place of which the said Goods are the BritiAor Iri& Growth, Production, and Manufacture^ respectively, and not otherwise. Gwd»*mported

II. Provided always, That all such Goods and Merchandizes so imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in fuc|, 5^ in Ships belonging to, and the Property of, Foreigners, although British-built, shall be liable to Aliens liable to Aliens and all other Duties, in the same Manner as if such Ships were Foreign-built. Duties.

III. And whereas several Ships or Vessels British built, which are the Property of Foreigners, and ?whnc/Jof

navigated with foreign Mariners, have arrived in this Kingdom since the present Hostilities with France, J^ich hate al laden with some of the Goods and Merchandizes mentioned and exorefled in the before-recifed Ad of ready arrived "

the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the Owners of such Goods are prevented since the present

from entering the same, and some have been seized, with the Vessels importing such Goods, on account Hostilities with,

of their being liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the said Act: And whereas it is reason- Fr.ance* Aalire- able that the Owners of such Ships or Vessels and Goods should receive the Benefit intended by this fiVof ihis a^!"

Act be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners

of such Goods so imported, to enter and pay the Aliens and other Duties due and payable for the said Goods, without incurring any Penalties or Forfeitures whatsoever, for or by reason of the said recited Act; and that the said Goods so entered or to be entered, and the said Ships or Vessels in which they were imported, shall be released and discharged from any Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cowes in the yie of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the bn* portation and Exportation of Com.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn; it is enacted, That in case any Wheat or Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into any or either of the Porta in the said Act particularly mentioned, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour respectively, the same, upon due Entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the Ship or Vessel, in which such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be so, imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties, under certain Restrictions and Regulations in the said Act mentioned and prescribed: And whereas it is expedient that Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cotvesy at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, respectively, should, in like Manner, be landed without Payment of the said Duties May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Wheat or Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into the said Port of Cowes, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn and Grain, or Flour, respectively, the same, upon due Entry thereof, may be forth* with landed from on board the Ship or Velfe! in which such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be fb imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties; and such Corn, Grain, and Flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehouusd, and to be delivered in the same Manner, and under and subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into any or either of the several Ports mentioned in the said Act are subject and liable to, as fully and effectually> to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Port of Cowes had been included in the said Act 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof ill airy-wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford (except the Parish of Hadleigh), and also of the Parish of Poljledy within the Hundred of Bahergh% in the County of Suffolk.

[Preamble.]

Recital of the Cora Act ij Geo. III.

Wheat, Wheat-Hoar, 8cc. may be imported at Cowea Dutyfree, subject to the Regulation! contained in the abote-recited Act.

A.D. 1779.

360 G. 31 - 33. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for building a new Assize or Town Hall and Market-house, within the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset; and for regulating the Markets within the said City or Borough,

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for continuing and amending two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the fourth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Road from, Piper's Inn aforesaid to Athelney- Bridge; and also for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City or Borough of Wells, in the said County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands in the Parishes of Allcar, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[Preamble.]

Boundaries of the Low Lands 1. la Mclling.}

|a Maghull y

fcAUcaf)

WHEREAS certain Low Lands, lying in the several Townships Vills, Hamlets, or Distrifls, of Alt car, Sefton, Nether ton, Lunt, Thornton, Aintree, Maghull, Melting, Ince Blundell, Little Crosby,

Form by, and Down Holland, within the several Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, Half all, and // alt on upon the Hill,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, containing, in the Whole, four thousand eight hundred and forty- three Acres of Land, Statute Measure, or thereabouts, and herein after particularly described, have for several Years part been, and still are, commonly overflowed with Water, through the Defect of their Outfalls to the Sea, and Obstructions in the present Course of the River Alt, in the said County;

by which Means the same are rendered of little or no Value, to the Loss of the Public as well as the great Damage of the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands: And whereas the said Low Lands are bounded as follows; (that is to say) In Melting, from or near a certain Bridge called Bull-bridge, beginning at the higher End of a Close called Knotsfeld, belonging to the Right Honourable the Earl of Sefton in the Kingdom of Ireland, on the South and East Sides thereof, adjoining to the Highway leading to Milling and from about the Middle of the same Close, across another Close of the said Earl called The Cannock,

and from thence across three Closes called The Wheat Hey, The Summer Worked Hey, and The Meadow,

belonging to the said Earl, and from thence across another Close called The Meakins Hey, into another Close called The Big Ryding, both belonging to the Reverend Wilfred Troutbeck, and across the same at the South End thereof, to another Close called The Dyers Carr, belonging to the said Earl, and across the same near the South End thereof, and from thence on the North Side to about the Middle thereof, to another Close called The Poolers Meadow, belonging to Richard Wilbraham Bootle Esquire, and down or across the same Close, to another Close called The Old Meadow, belonging to the Reverend John Stanley, and from thence into Maghull, to another Close called The Lowejl Alter, belonging to the said Earl, and across the same to another Close called The Cowhey, belonging to the said Earl, about the Middle of the End thereof, and from the South-west Corner thereof, and across the same to the North-east Cor- ner thereof, adjoining to the Highway leading from Ormskirk to Liverpool, and from thence Weft wards to another Close called The Chew, belonging to the said Earl, and across the same, adjoining to the Township of Sefton, and following the North*weft Side thereof, to about the Middle of the South End of a Close called The Little Wood Hey, belonging to the said Karl, and from thence across the same to three other Closes called The Great Wood Hey, and the Two ICharfs, belonging to the said Earl, and across the same three Closes to another Close called The Calf Croft, belonging 10 the Reverend" 4 Richard Rothwell, and across the same about the Middle thereof, to another Close called The Marled Hey, belonging to the said Earl, and across the same near the Bottom thereof to another Close called The Cow Acre, belonging to the said Richard Rothwell, and across the same, to and across the Highway leading from Ormskirk to Sefton, to another Close called The Parsons Hey, belonging to the said Richard Roth- well, and across the same about the North-east Corner thereof, near unto a Capital Messuage called The Oldhall of Maghull, and from thence Northwards to other Closes called The Can', and The Little Meadow, belonging to the said Richard Rothwell, and across the East Ends thereof, to another Close called The Aughton Meadow, belonging to the said Ears, and across the same, near the higher End thereof, to Twa other Closes called The Old Pasture, and The Lane Meadow, belonging to the said Earl, and across the same, near the Middle thereof, and also across a Lane adjoining thereto, unto another Close called The Lowejl Lane Croft, belonging to the said Earl, on the higher Side thereof, and from thence to another Close called The Lower Mean Hey, belonging to the said Earl, and following the South and East Sides thereof, to and across the higher Part of another Close called The Pufed Meadow, belonging to the said* f Earl, and across the higher Part thereof, and from thence into A tear, to the higher Side of another Close called The Priejl Meadow Sack, and along the same Northwards to the North-west Corner thereof, and from thence to about the Middle of the North Side thereof, and from thence to about the Middle of another Close called The Broad Hey, and across the same to another Close called The Shoivriek Side, and following the East Side thereof to the South-west Corner of another Close called The Horse Ccppy, and along tbs §outh apd East Sides thereof, to another Close called The Nearer Carr, along the South and

East Bides,^hereof, »to two other Closes, called The Marled Carr and The Near Carr, on the East Ends- thereof, and across the same unto and across a Lane to two other Closes, called The Intack and The Hein* *fbaot Meadow, at the higher Ends thereof, and fallowing the Came to another Close called The Ryding Lake,

aui

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nqno Georgi 1,111. C. 33* 361

and across the same to another Close called The Lower Gore Meadow, on the higher Side thereof, and fol- lowing the same unto and across a Lane to another Close called The Calf Croft, on the East Side thereof* c and along the same Northwards to the South-east Corner of another Close called The Ccwhey, and across the same to the North-west Corner thereof, and from thence Westwards in a direct Line to a certain Place called Shack Lady s Cabbin, and from thence Northwards in a direct Line to the West End of a Lane called The Higher Carr Lane, and along the same Northwards to the higher Part of another Close called The Carr, and along the same N01 th-eastwards to the higher Sides of three other Ciofes, called The Barn Hey, Tloe Barn Yard\ and The Faxaherleys Hey, and along the same Eastwards, to the South Side of another Close called The Far New Hey, and following the same to the South-west Corner of another Close called The Middle New Hey, and across the same, to a Clow at the Noith-east Corner thereof, to another Close called The Lower Cuddock Meadow, at the Sourh-cast Corner, and along the East and North Sides, and about one Half Part of the West Side thereof, to the lower Parts of four several Ciofes called The Lunts Heys, and across the same to the Souih-east Corner of another Close called The Kiln Mcadovj, and across the same to the North-west Corner thereof and from thence to another Close called,

The Near Middle Hey, along the East Side thereof, to a Lane called Cawjey Lane, and along the South,

Side thereof to the North-west Corner of a Close called 77v Brow, and all round the same to another Lane called Harveys Lane, and across the same to the West Side of another Lane called The Lower Mcfs,

Lane, and on the West Side thereof, in a direct Line to the End thereof, adjoining to Down Holland 4 (all which said laR-mention^d several Clores in Alt car aforesaid do belong to the said Earl) $ and from inDownHol thence into Down Holland, Eastwards, to the South End of a Lane called The New Moss Lane, follow- i*ndj lowing the Well Side thereof, Northwards, to another Larie called Sander Lane, and across the same to and along the East Ends of three Ciofes called The garters, and from thence to and along the East and North Sides of another Close called The garter, and from thence Westwards, to and along the North Side of another Close also called The Quarter, to ;a Lane cahed The Quarter Lane, and along the same,

Northwards, to the North Side of another Close also called The Q^iarter, and along the same to another Close called Ilaliafo Carr, and across two Butts, and along the West Side thereof, to the Nofth-east Corner of another Close called The Stake Iley, and along the North Ends thereof, to another Close also called The Stake Hey, and along the North Ends thereof, to the North-east Coiner of another Close 4,called Tloe Higher Green Hey, and along the No;th and Weft Sides thereof, to the East Side of another

Close' called The Green Hey, and across the same unto and across two other Ciofes called Tloe Green Heys,

and from thence to and along the North and Weft Sides of another Close called The Queen Hey, to the Lid Lane called Sanders Lare, and following the Lme Westwards, to a Plat called The Horse Stone Plat 4] (all which said last-nitmioned several Ciofes in Dcwn Holland do belong to the Honourable Charles Lewis Alordaunt, and Richer d Formby Esquire, a Minor, refne^iively); and from thence into Fotinby South- in Formby;

Wirds, along a certain Brook called Down HollandfBrook, or Fleam Pa 00k, to near the lower End of June Norris's Orchard, and from thence Westwards, to and across a Close called Tloe New Hey, to the,

North-east Conner of another, Close called The North Hey, and along the North Side thereof, to the West Side of a Butt of Land therein, now or late in the Possession of Robert Sutton, and along the same,

Southwards, to and, cross a Lane to the West Side of another Butt of Land now of late in the Poflef- fion of Fionas Sutton, and to another Close, called The North Hock, and along the same Butt, to and.

across another Cloftj called The Long Daks, and along the South Side thereof Eastwards, to tfye said,

<r Brook called Down Holland Brook, or Fleam Brook, and following the same downwards on the Weft,

Side thereof, to a Bridge called Fleam Bridge (all which said several last-mentinticd Ciofes and Butts in,

Formby belong to the (a^d Richard Formby, and Henry Blundell Esquire, respectively); and from thence,

into Altcar, to a Close or Common Field called The JVilhins Field, at the Euft Corner, and across the \n Altcar;.

lower Part thereof to another adjoin ng Close also called Jfilkins Field, and along the North-west Corner thereof, to a Lane bmveen several Ciofes, called The Cook's Fields 2nd The Salt Fields, and along the said' Lane to the North Side of a Close called Cook Fie'd, at the East Corner thereof, ajld along Part of the North Side thereof, and across the same, to another Lane called The Salt Field Lane, and out of thefarr

to the East Conner of a Close called The Great Salt Field, and arrors the lower Side of the same to another Close called The Cross Shoot Hey, and across the same to the Weft Corner thereof, and from thence across 4 a Road or Cop, to the East Corner of another Clife called The Nearer Mofocks, and across the same to the Weft Corner thereof, and from thence to and across another Close called The Little Mars}), to or near the South Corner of another dole-called The Afa>Jh Hey, and across the West End thereof to another Close also called The Mar ft) Hey, and across the same to the East Corner of another Close also,

called The Mars ILy (all width ia;d last mentioned several Ciofes in Altcar do belong to the said Earl)

and across the same into Font.by, to the East End of a Close called The Clayholes, on the North Side in Formby 5

thereof, and following the fan e to the North End of another Close called Dcbfbey, and across the North

End thereof, to and across the North Ends of three Ciofes called Formby Marshes, to and along the North-

weft and South Sides of another Close called Formby Marsh (which several last mentioned Ciofes in

Formby do belong to t he said^ Richard Formby); and from thence info A tear, to the North-west Corner in Altcar j,

of a Close called The Lord's Alarfb, on the South Side, to the Smith-east Corner thereof, to certain Parcels of Land called The Outsides, and following the same Westwards, down to a Place called The Floodgates (which said last mentioned Close and Parcels of Land iq Altcar do belong to the said Earl); and from thence into luce Blundell, following up the River Alt, along the North Side of a Close called The in In«e Blun*

New Marfn, to about one Halt of the Length thereof, and then across the same Southwards to near the

North-west Corner of another Close called The Logers Field, and across the same to the North Corner of

another Close called The Calf Croft, and across the same to the South-east Corner thereof, and from thence to another Close called The Blake I ley, and across the same to the North-east Corner, and along'

the East Side thereof, to another Close called The Highest Hey, and across the same Westwards, to near

the-

Anno dediho nono GsofeGii III.

362 C. 33.

A.D. 1779.

in Little Croiby;

in Inct Bios* deli

U Lunt j

in Sefton;

in Netherton;

in Aintree j

the Middle of the West Side thereof, to another Close called The Brian Hi?. and across the same to the South Corner thereof (all which said several last mentioned Closes in free Blundell do belong to the said

Earl), and from thence to another Close called The Reedy Croft, and across the same, near the South Side thereof, to another Close called The Middle Hey, and across the same, near the North-west Side thereof, c to another Close called The North Flat, and along the West Side there6f, to another Close called The Kiln Croft, and along the West Side, to near One-half of the Length thereof (all which said several last- mentioned Closes in Inee Blundell do belong to the said Henry Blundell) 5 and from thence into Little Crosby, to the North-west Corner of a Clole called The Barn Hey, and along the South Side thereof, to another Close called The Nans Croft, and along the South Side thereof, to and across a Lane to the North-east Corner of another Close called The Nearer Mosses, and along the North End and Part of the West Side thereof, to the North-east Corner of another Close called The Green Hey, and along the North- weft and South Sides thereof, to the North-west Corner of another Close called The Weft Crafty and across the West End thereof, to another Close called The Moss Hey, and across the West End thereof,

to and along about two Third-parts of the West End of another Close called The Wildings Crafty and surrounding art Hill thefeih, to the South-west Cortafcr of anothef Close called The Mcfs Croft, and along the West End thereof to another Close also called The Moss Hey, and along the Weft and Part of the South Sides thereof to and across another Close called The Bridge House Croft, to another Close called The Fur- flier Croft, on the North and Part of the Weft Sides thereof, and on the lower Sides of the High Lands therein, E^ftwatds, Northwards, and Eastwards again, to a Lane called The Moss Lane (all which said

several last mentioned Closes in Little Crosby do belong to Nicholas Blundell Eftjuire, except the said Close called The Moss Croft, which belongs to the said Henry Blundell); and across the same Lane into Inhe Blundell, to and across another Close called The Ryding Mcfs, to and across another Close called The

, Moss Heys, to and across a Lane called Shire Lane, to the North-west Corner of another Close called The Little Mofsy and across about the Middle thereof to two other Closes called The Shire Lane Mofsy and across the same to another Close called The Orrell Hill, in the North-east Side thereof; and across the same, to and aterofs the North Ends of two other Closes called The Backside, and The Lady Green, to and across a Lane called Scaffold Lane, and following the same Southwards to and across a Close called The Six Acres, to and across two other Closes also called The Six Acres, and out of the same at the South- east Corner thereof to a Lane called The Marsh Lane, and along the same Eastwards to another Close called The Biddings Hey, artd across the same to the South-east Corner thereof, and from thence to ano- ther Close called The Further Riddings Hey, and along about One-half of the Length thereof to another Close called The Long Marsh, and across the same, to and across another Close called The Long Marshy and from thence; South-eastwards to, across, and over several other Closes called The Meadows, to the South-east Corner thereof, and from thence to a Lane called The Old Marsh Lane, and across the same to another Close called God's Croft, and across the same, to and across another Close called The Old Marshy to and acrbfs another Close called The Lower Johnforis Hey, to and across another Close Called The Lower Great Hey, to the North End of a Place called The Eleven Acre Lane, and Southwards in the same Lane to the Sopth-weft Corner of another Close called The Weft Carr, and along the same on the South-west Side thereof, to tjhe South-west Corner of another Close called The Hallopo Hey, and along the South-4, weft. Side thereof, to a Lane called The Carr Hdufe Lane, and across the same to another Close called The Little Birches, along (he North-east and North-west Sides thereof, to another Close Called The Acrey and along the North and Weft Sides thereof, to and along the West Side of another Close called The Lower Btrches, to and across another Close called The Coneys Hey, to and across another Close called The Meadows Hey, to and across the said Lane called Carr House Lane, to another Close called Sefton Man- Jhey, and across the same about the Middle of the North-west End thereof, to and along the South-west or higher Ends of several Closes called The Green Carr, and The Black Carrs (all which several I aft*

mentioned Closes in Ince Blundell do belong to the said Henry Blundell); and from thence into Thorntont to the North-west Corner of a Close called The Hullmere Carr, and across the South End thereof, to a 4 Close called The Molyneux Croft, belonging to the said Earl, and across the same, to and across Lands belonging to Mr. Bootle, to the higher or South-west End of another Close called Thornton Common Field, belonging to the said Earl, and along the West End thereof; and from thence into Lunt, to and across seven Closes called The Aloor Heys, to and across another Close called The Pool Meadow, to and across 4 a Lane called The Moor Lane, to and across two other Closes called The Great Pool Meadow, and The Great Meadow, to and across another Close called The Booties Meadow, to and along the West End of another Close called The Higginson Meadovj, to and across another Close called The Coneys Meadow, to and across another Close called The Little Ox Hey, to the South-east Corner thereof (all which said several last mentioned Closes in Lunt do belong to the said Earl); and from thence into Sefton, to a Close called The Mill Meadow belonging to the said Earl, and along the South-west Side thereof, to and across the said Highway leading from Ormskirk to Sefton, to another Close called The Pale Carr, belonging to the said Earl, and along the South-west Side, for near One-half of the Length thereof; and from thence into Netherton, to the North Corner of a Close called The Dales Meadow, and across the same, to and across five other Closes, also called The Two Fox Meadows, and The Great Meadow, The Horse Croft, and The Great and Little Moor Hey, to and along the South-west Side of another Close called The Further Moor Hey, to and across the East or Lower Ends of Six other Closes called The Moor Heys, to another Close called The Old Ireland, and along the West Side thereof, to another Close called The Little Ireland, and along the West Side thereof (all which said last mentioned several Closes in Netherton do belong to the said Earl); and from thence into Aintree, to the South-west Corner of a Close called The Chew, and along the South End thereof to the Highway leading between Liverpool and Ormskirk, and across the same to the South-west Corner of another Close called The Alices Meadow, and along the South-west Sides thereof, and also of three other Closes called The Old Meadow, The Little Meadow, and The Nooky

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 33* 363

to and across another Close called The Hackings Meadow* to the South-west Comer of another Close called The Further Feirock, and across the same to the South-east Corner thereof, at or near the River Alt* and following the same River upwards, to the North Corner of another Close called The Hearer Knots Field, and along the North Side, about One-half of the Length therepf, to and across another Close called The Meadow, Northwards, and along the North and Weft Sides thereof to the said Close called The Nearer Knots Field, and along the South Side thereof to or near the said River Alt, and follow- ing the same River upwards, unto or near the said Bridge called Bull Bridge (all which said several last mentioned Closes in Aintree do belong to the said Earl): And whereas the said Low Lands, fa bounded and described as aforesaid, might be greatly improved if the same were properly drained and pre- served, and if the Course of the said River Alt was changed or altered j but the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Stanley of Cro/s Hall Esquire, Robert Moss of Sand Hills Esquire, John Atherton of Comirnffioairt Walton on the Hill Esquire, the Reverend Henry Heathcote Rector of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, Henry Ntnies,

Gill of Ormskirk Esquire, William Hallady of The Breck in the Parish of Walton aforesaid Esquire, Henry Porter of Bretherton Gentleman, James Waring of Knowsley Gentleman, Roger Ryding of Crofton Gentleman, the Reverend Richard Prescott of Upholland Clerk, and William Gregson of Liverpool Merchant, all in the said County of Lancaster* shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners to put this Act in Execution, in the Manner and for the several Purposes herein after expressed and declared.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or Commissionert more of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to open, impowered to deepen, clear, enlarge, straighten, divert, embank, and bring into a more direct Line and free Course, the River Alt, in the said County of Lancaster* below a certain Bridge called Bull Bridge* situate in the Town- i^ic/ah bdow ships of Aintree and Melting aforesaid, from or near the same Bridge, unto the Shore, where the said River BuilBridp* falls and runs into the Sea, and also upon the Sea Shore, and down to the Low Water Mark, or Reflux of the Sea, in such Course, Direction, and Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order or think proper, not deviating from the present Cpurfe thereof, in any of the inclosed or Inlands, more than Sixty Yards in any Place, in the opening, deepening, clearing, enlarging, diverting, embanking, or bringing the same River into a more direct Line and free Course, unless such further Deviation shall be with the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor of the Lands in which such Deviation shall be made {except in or through certain Closes called The Little Marsh, The Salt Marsh, The Long CarterePs Marsh, and Cartere/s Marsh) in Altcar; and certain Closes called The Marsh* The Little Marsh* The North New Marsh, and The New Marsh* in Ince Blundell); and the said Cop) mi Hioners, or any three or more of nuke* them, are hereby also authorised and impowered, for the more speedy and effectual draining, improving, ntwCht*<1®* and preserving of the said Low Lands, and conveying and carrying off the said Waters, to make, cut, and embank, a new Channel or Course for the same, from the said River Alt, beginning at or near a certain Close or Parcel of Land in Altcar aforesaid, belonging to the said Earl of Sefton* and now or late in the Possession of Robert Scari/brick) ar>d adjoining, on the North Side thereof, to the said Close or Parcel of Land called The Lord's Marsh, and across the same to or near(the Soqth-weft Corner thereof, to and across the South Ends of several other Closes or Parcels of Land called Formby Marshes, Brown Bear Garden* and Bear Garden* adjoining or near thereto, belonging to the said Richard Formby, and now or late in the several Possessions of John Bolton, Thomas Aindow* and Richard Bolton* on the North Side of a Cop or Fence called Formby Marsh Copy and, to and across another Close or Parcel of Land called The Outsides, belonging to the said Richard Formby* and now or late in the Possession of the said Richard Bolton* and from thence to and through a certain Common or uninclosed Lands called Ravenfmeals Common* belonging to the said Richard Formby* on the North Side of a certain Pier or Pillar there, called Formby Land Mark, to the Sea Shore, and down to the Low Water Mark or Reflux of the Sea, in such Course, Direction, and Mariner, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order or think proper; such new Channel not to be made above twenty Yards wide at the Bottom, nor the Embankment thereof above forty Yards distant from each Side of such new Channel or Course, in any Part of the inclosed Lands, unless the same or any of them shall be made wider or more distant with the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor of the Inlands through which such new Channel or Course shall be made; and the said Com- indtooprease-missioners, or any thieeior more of them, are hereby also authorised and impowered to open, deepen, ?cral Rtailcti; clear, enlarge, embank, and bring into a more direct and free Course, the several Rivulets, Brooks, or Streams of Water running into the said River Alt, commonly called Maghull Hall Brooky Maghull Brook*

Lydiate Brook* or Within Brooky and Down Holland Brook or Fleam Brook; (that is to say) the said Rivulet or Brook called Maghull Hall Brook* running between Maghull on the East, and Netherton and Sefton on the Weft Sides thereof, from or near the higher or South-east Corner of a Close called The New Meadow* in Netherton aforesaid, to and into the said River Alt ;ithe said Rivulet or Brook called Maghufl Brooky from or near the South-east Corner of a certain Close or Place called The Priests Meadow Nook* in Altcar aforesaid, to and into the said River Alt; the said Rivulet or Brook called Lydiate Brook or Within Brook, from or near the said Clow, situate and.being between the said two Closes, called The Middle Newhey* and The Higher Cuddock Meadow* in Altcar aforesaid, to and into, the said River Alt \, and the said Rivulet or Brook called Down Holland or Fleam Brook* from orncar the said Place called The Horse Plat* being opposite or near unto the House of the said Jane Norris* and between the said Townships of Down Holland and Formby* to a certain Bridge, called The Rede Bridge* situate, and being, between the said Townships., of Formby and Altcar* and from thence to and (into the said River Alt * and the said Commissioners, or any and t# make three or more of them, are hereby also authorised and impowered to ered and make, or cause to be such t Bridges over the said River, tapd ,also the said new Channel, and the faUv|Uvj4^ brooks, or Wofkl"

Streams

364. 3j.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

A.D.

1779.

and to ufr Enth and Grr uad near the Banks.

Commissioners autnonled to alter the Course of Rivulets and Brooks

but not to lessen the Streams which fuprly Sefton Mills,

Clause for limiting the Time when the new Channel shall be made, &c.

River Alt to be kept open and cleaned till the new Channel is completed, and adjudged t'ufli-cient to drain the Lands.

Jury to befum-moned.

Commissioners ‘ may lummca \Yitneflei,

and examine them on Oath.

Streams of Water, running into the Lid River Alt, and to scour out or flop up, and turn such Cute and Drains, and to repair and support such Banks, Bridges, and Sluices, and likewise to make such new Curs, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, Clows, Sluices, and Outlets, in, through, or upon the said Low Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to erect such Flood-gates, Engines, Locks, Wiers, and other Works, thereupon, and in, across, and upon the said River Alt and such new Channel, for draining and conveying the Water from the said Low Lands, and also to take and use such Earth and Ground near or adjoining to the said Jkmks and to the said new Channel, as shall be necessary for the making, railing, {Lengthening, and maintaining of such Banks, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think proper; the Lid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, making such Satisfaction to the several Persons whole Lands and Grounds shall be damaged by the making or erecting any such Works as aforesaid, as shall be agreed on between such Persons reflectively, and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for the Damages they shall fuffain thereby.

III. And whereas, in order to scour and cleanle the said River Alt, or the said new Channel, it is proper that the said Commissioners should be impowered to divert or alter the Course of several Rivulets,

Brooks, and Streams, running into the said River, below a Bridge called Bull Bridge-,9 be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby fully authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to divert, alter, or change the Course of all or any Rivulets, Brooks, or Streams, running into the said River Alt below Bull Bridge aforesaid (except as herein after is excepted), so as to cause the same to communicate with such Part or Parts of the said River or new Channel, as they, or any three of more of them, shall think fit, for the better and more effectual scouring and cleansing the said River or the said new Channel.

IV. Provided always, That nothing shall be done by the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them, which shall take away, lellen, or diminish, any of the Streams of Water which usually supply certain Mills in the said Parish of Sefton, called Sefton Mills, or which shall in any Adanner whatsoever prejudice or injure the said Mills, or to divert, change, or alter any Stream of Water so as to deprive any of the Owners or Occupiers of their usual Watering-places for their Cattle.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said new Channel shall not be made until the End of twelve Calendar Months after the said River Act shall have been opened, deepened, cleared, enlarged, diverted, and embanked as aforesaid; and then only in case the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall in their Judgment think the said River Alt, when so opened, deepened, cleared, enlarged, diverted, and embanked, as aforesaid, insufficient to drain, improve, and preserve the said Low Lands; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall irv such Cases certify the same in Writing under their Hands, and such Certificate shall be entered and recorded amongst the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said River Alt shall be certified inefficient to drain, improve, and preserve the said Low Lands as aforesaid, the same shall nevertheless be from Time to Time opened, cleared, and embanked, until the said new Channel shall be completely cut and made, and also until the said new Channel shall be found sufficient to drain, improve, and preserv the said Low Lands, by the Verdict of a Jury, as herein after is mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Times after they shall have certified that the said River Alt is inefficient to drain, improve, and preserve the said Low Lands as aforesaid, and after the said new Channel shall have been completely cut and made as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to ilfuc a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to the Sheriff of the said County of Lancaster for the Time being, or, in case such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff shall happen to be one of the Proprietors of the said Low Lands, or enjoy *ny Office or Truss under the Lid Commissioners, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matters in question, then to one of the Coroners of the said County of Lancaster, not interested as aforesaid, requiring such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner, respectively, are hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return, a Jury of twenty-four able and sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of th is Realm, to be returned for Trials of I flues in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancq/ier% to appear before the said Commissioners, hr any three or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than ten, or mce than twenty-one Days after such Warranr or Warrants shall be served upon the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively; and also to return Issues of every such Person impannelled and returned, and not appearing, the Sum of forty Shillings, which shill be duly estreated and levied by the Sheriff' of the said County, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person not aptfbarng, to the Use of the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, by ’Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, attending at such Meeting; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, then the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid) to make up the fai-1 J jry to (he Number of twelve; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurors, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, a^e hereby impowered to summon and call before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, in such Manner as herein-afccr is mentioned, all and every such Perfirn and Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witness or Witnesses, touching the Matters to be inquired of by the said Jury; and the said Commissioners, orany thbee or mofe of them, are hereby impowered to examine on Oath any such Witness cr Witnesses as aforesaid, as well as-any other Witness or Witnesses, before the said Jury; and the said Commissioners, or any

three

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

33« 365

three or more of them, may order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the old

Channel or Course of the said River Alt, and also the said new Channel; and such Jury shall upon Oath

iwhich Oath, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon or produced to give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, at any of their Meetings, is and are hereby impowered to administer) esquire whether the said new channel is sufficient to drain, improve, and preserve the said Low Lands^ without any opening, clearing, or embanking in future of the old Channel of the said River, below the said new Channel j and if the said Jury so to be (worn, shall byrtheir: If tfcfe tW* Verdict find that the said new Channel is sufficient to drain, improve, and preserve the said’Low Lands, > newChtankl without any opening, clearing or embanking in future of the old Channel of the said River, below the J^theoii (aul new Channel, then and from thenceforth the said old Channel, below the said new Channel, (halt not channel to be opened, cleared, or embanked, under this Act; but as well the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of be opened i» and \n the said old Channel, below the said new Channel, as of and in the Banks and other the Appurte- future, nances thereto belonging, shall revert and belong to such Person or Persons as would have been intiiled thereto in case this Act had not been made; and the said Verdict shall, as soon as conveniently can be done, be entered and recorded amongst the other Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting this Act in»

Execution; and the Expences of summoning such Jury, and of taking their Inquisition, shall be* paid and-borne by and out of the Monies to be collected and received under this Act.

Vill* And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic; Corporate, or Incan>citated Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust, Commits I’tison* itj-tees. Executors AJroinistrators, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and tin Behalf of to»grer

themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ce/luique Truths, whe- ^fcoT^di. tnei infant*, Blue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes-covert^ who are or shall be seised, post'efled of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all other Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in or to the Lands wherein such new Channel shall be made and embanked as aforesaid, or wherein the said River Alt shall be enlarged or embanked, or brought »nto; a more direct Line and free Course, or in or upon which any Bank, Cut, Drain, Dam, Tunnel. Outlet, or Other Work shall be made, or in or upon which shall be erected or made any Bridge or Bridges, Floodgate or Flood gates, Engine or Engines, Lock or Locks, Weir or Weirs, or other Work, or Irom whence shall be taken or used any Earth or Ground as aforesaid, to agree with the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for any Damage that shall be done thereby and in case they shall not agree with the said If rbeyrinn&t Commissioners, or any three or more of them, about the Value of such Damage, then the same shall be a$rte» l^cnc, afforded and adjudged as herein after is mentioned; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trusteeg, Feoffees in Trust, Com-' JAtorfTrrem*of nutlets, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees, whomsoever, their H*'irs and Successors, and Damages* also their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infams, Ifiiie unborri. Lunatics; idiots, or Femes-covnt, who are or shall be so leifed, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be so seised, possessed or interested as aforesaid, DiaU be bound by all and every or any such Agreement, Afltssment, and Adjudication as aforesaid; but if " such Person or Persons (bail not or, at the Eire-?gree with the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, about the Value of the Damages to be» tion of the Party occasioned as aforesaid, then such Damages shall be affofied, ascertained and determined, by the Justices at* sustain,n* any Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Counry, 10 be holden by Adjournment or otherwise, within o.Xter Session* the Division of the same County where the said Low Lands lie, within six Calendar Months next after er e ' c h

Application shall have been made to such Person or Persons, by the said Commissioners, or any three or 11 oxe of them, touching such Damages (Notice thereof in Writing being given by such Person or Persons (o intending to appeal, to the CJerk to the said Commissioners, at least fourteen Days before such Quarter Sessions); and the Justices at such Quarter Sessions or Adjournment, or the major Part of them, not interfiled in the said Low Lands (upr n Proof of such Notice), are hereby authorised and required, by Examination of WitnessVs upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised to administer), and by ether proper and sufficient Enquiry, Evidence, and Satf$fa£lior>, to hear and determine the Matter thereof, and to give Relief therein; and also to give such Costs to either Party as they shall think rea(on«ible, and by their Older or Wananr, to levy fucbCcfts by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Paity or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclufove upon all Parties.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That in case the Owner or Owners of such Lands shall elefire that such Da- or a juryt mages should be afllfled, ascertained, and determined by a Jury, instead of by the said Justices, and shall, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within fourteen Days after Application shall have been Commissioners made to them as aforesaid, signfly such Desire to any one of the said Commissioners, or to their Clerk, that to itTue War-then the said Commissioners, or any thiee or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered *ant* *° the and required, from Time to Time, to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, roncJr to be directed to the Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or in case such Sheriff shall happen ttonio/ihcjTrj, to be interested in the Matter in question, or any Way related to any of the Parties concerned, then to one of the Coroners of the said County not interested or related as aforesaid, for the summoning, impannelling, and returning of a Jury; and such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to whom such Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required accordingly to summon, irr.pannel, and return, a Jury of twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws and Statures of this Realm to to appear bef<re be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, to appear the Commit-before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at such Time or Times, Place or Places, fioner,# within the said County of Laneajhry as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be expressed, not being less than Ten, nor above twenty-one Days after any such Warrant shall be served upon or delivered to such.

Sheriff, his Deputy, or Coroner respectively; and also to return Issues of every such Person impannelled

3 66

Sheriff to return lfluc* to 401. of very Juryman not appearing*

Jmy (wflfO H

conQft of U Men.

Commtfiioaets impowered to fumroonWit-He(Tess

and to examine them on Oath, and may order Juror* to view the Premisei*

JJory to tftft Damage t

Their Verdict to be condo-five $.

if 10 Day* No-, tice be given of delivering the Warrant.

The Damage*

to be paid tc- 1 cording to the Priority, o/>- \ greement with the Partite*

r

t

The Commissioners itn powered to make the’ new Channel through Mr. Formby aLrnds, and to settle Damages.

(5. 3# Antio decimo nono Georgii III. A. p.1779.

and retuwc/4, not fepttfing* the $mn of forty Shillings, which shall be duly tflreated and levied, by the Shefiff of the said County, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person not appearing, to the Use of the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, by Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, attending at such Meeting; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear, such Sheriff, his Deputy, or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent M.n of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, so qualified as afore-ibid, to make up such Jury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of such Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to summon and call before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at any of their Meetings, in such Manner as herein after is mentioned, all and every such Person and Persons whomsoever; who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning* the Matters in question to be enquired of by the said Jury; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to examine on Oath any such Witness or Witnesses, as well as any other Witness or Witnesses, before (be said Jury; and also to order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix ctr more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in question, if the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Meeting as aforesaid, shall think fit; and the said Jurors upon their Oath (which Oath, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Person or Persons who shall be summoned or produced to give Evidence ?* aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, assembled at any of their Meetings, are and is hereby impowered to administer) shall esquire of, afiefs, and ascertain such Damage and Recompe nee as they shall think fit to be awarded to such Person or Personfc having Right to such Lapd as aforesaid; and their Verdict or Verdicts, Determination or Determinations therein, shall be recorded by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and kept among# their Proceedings in the Execution of this Act, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purpose* against all and every Party or Parties, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all others claiming or who shall claim by, through, from, or under them, or any of them; so as Notice in Writing shall be given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons having a Right to such Lands wherein such Damage shall have been done as aforesaid, of an Intention of delivering any such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid to such Sheriff, his Deputy, or Coroner, as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, ten Days at the lea# before the Meeting at which such Damage shall be assessed and ascertained as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissionerg, or any three or more of then!, shall and Will, in case they cannot agree with any such Person or Persons for any such Damage or Damages as aforesaid (save and except the said Lands and Damages of the said Richard Formbj9 his Heirs and Assigns, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, which are provided for as herein after is mentioned), on Notice in Writing given to or left for such three or more Commissioners, with the Collector or Receiver for the Time being, to be appointed under this Act, by or on the Behalf of any such Person or Persons requiring such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, issue such Warrant or Warrants within the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, and proceed to afiefs such Damage or Damages by such Jury or Juries in such Manner as herein-before is mentioned; and all such Damages, which the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall agree to pay to any such Person or Persons, or which shall be assessed either by the said Justices, or by any such Jury or Juries as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by and out of the Monies to be raised and received by and under this Act; and the said Money agreed to be paid, or which shall have been assessed for such Damages, shall be paid according to their respective Priorities as to the Time of Contraft or Assessment; and the Collector or Receiver for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, at all seasonable Times (on Demand made to him in Writing by or on the Behalf of any such Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be paid or assessed for Damages as aforesaid, shall be then remaining due and unpaid), produce and shew to such Person or Persons making such Demand, the Book or Books of Accounts of all Monies which shall then have been had and received, by or under this Act, and of the Application thereof, and permit such Person or Persons to make any Extract or Extracts of such Accounts, or any of them; and the Monies to be had or received under this Act (after Payment of the Interest of the Monies that shall then have been borrowed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, under the Power for that Purpose herein after mentioned and given) shall, in the first Place, be paid and applied in Satisfaction and Discharge of such Damages which shall have been so agreed to be paid, or shaft have been assessed as aforesaid, according to their respective Priorities in Point of Time, with Interest for the same, at the Rate of five Pounds by the Hundred, by the Year, from the respective Times at which such Sum or Sums of Moqey were agreed to be paid or assessed respectively*

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fronvand-after twelve Calendar Months next after the said River Alt shall have been opened, deepened, cleared, enlarged, diverted, and embanked as aforesaid, and from and after the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have certified in Writing under their Hands, that the said River Alt, when to opened, deepened, cleared, enlarged, diverted, and embanked as aforesaid, is inefficient to drain, improve, and preserve the said Low Lands, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons, by their Order or Appointment, to enter into and upon the Lands of the said Richard FormhyH through which the said new Channel is intended to be cut, and there to set out and ascertain the Lands to be uted for such new Channel, and the Locks, Weirs, Bridges, and other Communications, to be made in and over such new Channel, first giving to the said Richard Formby^ or his Trustee or Trustees, or his or their known Agent or Agents, ten Days Notice of such their Intention; and from and after afccruining the Lands so to be cut, and the Locks, Weirs, Bridges, and other Communications, so to be mad*

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

G. 33* 367

made as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or any thtee of them, stre hereby enabled to agree with the said Richard Formhy, his Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons properly authorised, for the Lands so to be cut, and for the Damages to be occasioned thereby, either to the said Lands, or the Rabbit Warren thereon, and to pay, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this A d, such Suhl or Sums of Money, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be agreed upon between the said Parties, for such Lands and Damages: But in case the said Richard Formhy his Trustee or Trustees, Agent or Agents, shall, for the Space of ten Days after Notice to be given to him or them as aforesaid, neglect or rfcfufe tp agree with the said Commissioners for such Lands and Damages as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of diem, to cause a like Jury as herein-before mentioned, to be in like Manner, and under the same Restrictions, summoned, impannelled, returned, and swornf, and also, in like Manner to direct a View of fix or mdre of them, if required; and the said Jurors, wheh so impannelled and sworn, shall upon their Oath (which Oath, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Person or Persons who shall be produced to give Evidence before them, the said Commissioners* dr aby one or more of them, are and is hereby impowered to administer) esquire of, aflfefs, and ascertaiif, the Value of such Lands, and the immediate Damages to be done to the said Rabbit Warren, and to award such Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the same as they shall think fit; and their Verdict or Determination therein shall be recorded and kept by the said Commissioners among their Proceedings in the Execution of this Act, and shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties concerned; and upon Payment or legal Tendier of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded by the (kid Jurors as aforesaid, to the said Richard ForfiAf^ his Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person authorised to receive the same, it (halt and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, their Workmen, or others, to enter into and upon the said Lafids of tbfc laid Richard Formby, there to cut and make such new Channel, and tPered fudt Weirs, Lock*, Bridges, and other Communications as shall be so ascertained and set out as aforesaid: And in case any subsequent or consequential Damages shall happen to arise to the Property of the find Richard Formhy, hid Heir* or Assigns, by any of the Works to be done under this Act, and the same cannot be settled by Agreement 19 aforesaid, the same shall in like Manner, upon ten Days Notice to be given by the Party requiring the same, be settled by a like Jury, and their Verdict or Determination shall in like Manner be final; and the Money so to be awarded, as Jail-mentioned, shall be by the said Commissioners, or any three ot mote of them, paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, to the said Richard Formy, his- Herrs and Assigns, within two Calendar Months next after such last mentioned Verdict shall be found as afateftid.:

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where a Verdict or Adelf-ment shall be given or made fort greater Sum of Money, as a Recompencte or Satisfaction for any fuc^i Damage as aforesaid, than had been offered to be paid or givea by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, then all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest, shall bif settled by the said Commissionere, or any three or more of them, and shall be ddraved and paid by them out of the Monies to be raised under this Act; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for the same, or a less Sum of Money than had been previously offered to be paid or given by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid. then and in every such Case the Coife and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and shall be paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute; and that all and every Person or Persons making Complaint, and requesting such Tury, shall, before the said Commissioners shall be obliged to ifltie out their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such Jury as aforesaid, first enter into a Bond to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, conditioned to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Colts and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict shall be given for the same, or a less Sum of Money than had been offered to be paid or given as a Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damage as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, before the summoning. and returning of the said Jury or Juries.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not be obliged to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints, to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained by virtue of this Act, unless Application in Writing hath4 been or shall be made in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or to their known Agent or Agents, or to the Collector of the Rates or Assessments under this Act, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Time* that such Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have' ceased.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners herein-bfcfore named, or any three or more of them, shall meet in the Parish Church of Sefton aforesaid, upon the Eighteenth Day of Afay, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or within ten Days after, and’ shall proceed to put this Act in Execution; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then aflemoled, shall and may adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment, and proceed in the Execution of this Act, as often as they shall think proper; and shall, at all such Meetings, make such Rules and Orders as they shall deem necessary to be observed for the ordering, managing, and executing, in the most effectual Manner, the several Powers granted by this Act; and if at the wid First or any other of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, a fufnerent Number of the Commissioners shall not be present for acting or for adjourning, that then, and as often as the Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to call a Meeting for putting this Act in Execution, by causing public Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting so be given in the Parifo Churches of Alitor, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill aforesaid, 6n some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and such Writing to be affixed on the Doors of such Churches

If Parties cannot agree, a Jury to be fammoned.

Whole Verdict shall be anal.

Jury by whom to be borne.

Persons request. ing a Tory, to enter into a Bond to prosecute their Complaint, dcC.

Complaint of Damages to be given In Writing within six Calendar Months after done, or Party not entitled co Damage.

First Meeting of Coounifiion-e«.

How to proceed on Failure of a sufficient Number to adjourn.

368

Commissionert to appoint Officer*,

and allow them Salaries.

Officers to g?r«

Security for Performance of their Duty.

Allowance to Coin miff ioners.

The Lands to be annually-taxed by the Commissioners, according to the Improvement they will receive from the Drainage*

Commissionert to give public

C. 334 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

respectively, ttfn Days at lead before such Meeting, and to continue such Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, nominate and appoint one or more Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and such other Officer or Officers, as they shall think necessary or proper for collecting the Rates and Assessments to be made or assessed by virtue of this Act, and for the Management and Direction of making the said new Channel, and of the said Banks, Drains, Dams, and Outlets, and of making and erecting the said Bridges, Flood-gates, Engines, Lock or Locks, Weir or Weirs, or other Work$, and for repairing and ^maintaining the same; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of jhera, may. authorise any such Officers, from Time to Time, to purchase and provide Timber, and all other Materials and Things necessary for those Purposea; and to contract and agree with any Person or i Persons for the doing and performing any of the Works before mentioned; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause to be drawn up and entered, such Rules or Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners, as shall be made or had under or by virtue of this Act, in a Boole or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may ,allow their said Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers, such Salaries as they the said Commissioners of any three or more of them, shall judge reasonable \ which said Collector or CoRe6tor£, Receiver or Receivers, and such other Officer or Officers, may and shall, from? Time to Time, be displaced or removed ft the Will and Pleasure of the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, who shall and may nominate and appoint other or others in the Place and Stead of the Person or Persons so displaced or removed, as they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall fceOccasion; and such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so to be nominated and appointed, before he or they shall act in the ^Execution of their fevera) Offices, shall give such Security for the due and faithful Execution of such their fefpe&iye Offices, and for performing the several Trusts committed to them, as the said Commissioners, or spy three ,or/nor* of them, shall in their Discretion require.

*f 4 ^V. And, in order to defray the Expences of the iakL Commissioners,1 upon Account of their Atten- dance, and to satisfy and pay them far such Attendance, at any of the Meetings to be held as aforesaid for putting this Act in Execution ;’ be it further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding thirty Shillings shall be paid by the Collector or Receiver of the Rates and Taxes hereirv-after mentioned, to each of the said £twnmissioners, for each Day’s Attendance and Expences-at any such Meeting or Meetings, and (had be allowed-in the* Accounts of such Collector or Receiver as so much Money paid for the Purposes of this* A-&: any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

r 4 And whereas if will be necessary to raise Money, for defraying the Expences of carrying this Act JijtoTx.eem*ion, by Rakes or Taxes co be laid upon the said Low* Lands t And whereas the said Low 4, Lfjnds wilRtupon the draining-thereof, receive Improvement in different Degrees ard Proportions; ants j jitf is reasonable that they ftiouid be taxed towards the Expences aforesaid, in Prop rrion to the Improve*

ijnent they tw»U so respectivelY receive froih the said Drainage be it therefore enacted, That in case no Survey, Map, or Plan, of the said Low Lands shall have been produced, and delivered to, and approved of by, the said Commissioners, Or any five or more of rhem, then the said Cortlmiffiohers, or any five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to survey, or cause to be surveyed, the said Low Land*, and also to cause a Map or Flan to be made and t.»keq thereof, with proper References thereto (such References speci tying and distinguishing the Statp of the said Low Lfcnds, as the same are more or less liable, to be overflowed, and injured or benefited by, fych/Overflowing, and also specifying and fetring forth the Quantity, in Statute iYJeafurr, of Acres, Roods, and Perches, contained in each Close; Field, or Parcehof such Low Lands, and the then yearly Value of such Lands); and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall at any of their Meetings, yearly and every Year, the first Year to be computed from the thirteenth Day of /v-bruary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine (and so from the thirteenth Day of February yearly'* a fiefs, rate, tax, and charge, all ard every the several and respective Owners and Occupiers of the Lid Low Lands, according to their several Estates and Interests therein, at such annual Acre Rate, or Tat as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper (not exceeding ten Shilling'; for a Statute Acre), the first of such annual Rates or Taxes to commence from the thirteenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, having due Regard to the State of the said Low Lands, as the same are more or less liable to be overflowed, and injured or benefited by such Overflowings; and also having Regard to the probable Improvements the said Low Lands will respectively receive under this Act, until they shall receive any Improvements; and after the said Low Lands shall have received any such Improvement, then having Regard to the Improvements such Lands shall, from Time to Time, have received (it being intended that all the said Low Lands shall be assessed. rated, taxed, and charged, from Time to Time, according to the different Degrees and Proportions of Improvement, which they shall respectively receive from the Drainage thereof); and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall annually cause an Eih-mate of such State of the said Low Lands, and of the then yearly Value of the different Parts thereof, to be from Time to Time reduced into Writing, with proper References to the said Map or Plan; which said several Rates or Faxes to be laid in pursuance of this A £, shall, from Time to Time, be paid to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, at or upon such Day or Days in each Year as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall at any of their Meetings direct or appoint; but no Assessment, Rate, or Tax, shall he made, collected, or levied, upon or in respectc of any Lands within the Boundaries aforesaid, which have not been subject to be overflowed or damaged by Water.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby required to cause public Notice in Writing to be given of all their Meetings for making or laying

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 33. 369

such Rates and Taxes as aforesaid, by affixing such Notice upon the Doors of the said Parish Churches, Notice of Meft-at least ten Days before every such Meeting; and the Clerk to the said Commissioners is hereby required ing«fornukUg to cause Notice in Writing to be given to each of the said Commissioners, who shall then be resident Rale* within the said County of Lancaster^ or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, being within the said County, at least: ten Days before every such Meeting.

XVIII. And the better to enable the said Commissioners to ascertain the different Interests of the said The Owners and' 4 Owners and Occupiers in the said Low Lands \ be it further enacted, That all and every the Owners Occupiers to and Occupiers of the said Low Lands, shall, and are hereby required to make out, or cause to be made give an Account out, a true, just, and particular Account in Writing, signed by or by the Order of them respectively, of to the Commi f-all such Estates and Interests as they respectively have in the said Low Lands, under or by virtue of any diffeVen°Estate* Lease, Contract, or Agreement, and to deliver such Account to the said Commissioners, or any five or and latercftH more of them, at such Time and Place as they, or any five or more of them, shall order or appoint, public Notice thereof being given, by affixing the same upon the Doors of the Parish Churches of Aitcar%

Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill aforesaid, respectively, ten Days at least before the Time of giving and delivering of the same; but in case such Account shall not be so made and delivered as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall nevertheless cause such Survey, Map, or Plan, and Estimates and References, to be made, and to make such Rates or Taxes, as aforesaid-

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of Copy of the them, shall, and are hereby required, from Time to Time, as soon as conveniently may be after making any Estimate* and such Estimate, and making and laying any of the said Assessments, Rates, or Taxes as aforesaid, to cause Affsflment* to a Copy of such Estimate and Assessment to be left in the Vestry of the Parish Church of Sefton aforesaid, Jf iefl n to be inspected by all Persons, at any (Vasonable Hours, without Fee or Reward, and to cause Notice in ihYWoc<f-Df tVriting of the same being so le ft, to be affixed, in the Forenoon of some Sunday, upon the Doors of the tion of the Par-said Parish Churches, that all Persons thinking themselves aggrieved^ thereby may appeal against the same; who nav and in case any such Person or Persons shall signify in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to Co*

within fourteen Days after the giving such Notice, that he, she, or they will appeal to the said Commissioners against the said Rates or Taxes, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby required to meet for that Purpose, within fourteen Days then next following, and alter such*

Estimate or Assessment, if they shall see Cause for so doing, or otherwise ratify the same; and their Deter* initiation therein shall be final, unless the Person so appealing shall be difiathhed therewith, and shall by;

Writing, within fourteen Days then next following, give Notice to such Clerk, that he, she, or they, desire to b^ve the same referred to and determined, either by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter* *na to the Qjar* Sessions, or by a Jury to be impannelled as herein aft? r mentioned: And in case any such Person or Per- ter Session*, or tn< shall df;fire to have the Matter of such Appeal determined by such Justices, and ftnll refer the same ur/: to them at such Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County* to be holder* by Adjournment or otherwise, within the Division of the same County where the said Low Lar.ds lie, as shall be mentioned in such Notice (being within six Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners, as aforesaid), then the Justices at such Sessions, or the major Part of them, not interested in the said Low La^ds, are hereby authorised and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered to administer), and by other proper and sufficient Enquiry, Evidence, and Satisfaction, to hear and determine the Matter thereof, and to give Relief therein, and to give such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: But in case any such Person shall, by such Notice, desire to have the Matter And if to a Jury, of the said Appeal referred to and determined by a Jury instead of by the said Justices, that then the said the Commission. Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby impowered to issue out their crtto irt’ue^<r-Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriff of the said County Pala-tine of Lancaster; or in case such Sheriff shall happen to be interested in the Matter in question, or any n or oron r> Way related to any of the Parties concerned, then to one of the Coroners of the said County not interested or related as aforesaid, for the summoning, impannelling, and returning of a Jury; and such Sheriff or Coroner respectively, to whom such Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby jury of a*, required accordingly to summon, impanne), and return a Jury of twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men.

Men of the said County, qualified according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to be returned for Trials of Issue$ joined in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, to appear before the Lid

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at such Time or Times, Place or Places, within the said'

County of hancastery as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be expressed, not being less than ten nor above twenty-one Days after any such Warrant shall be served upon or delivered to such Sheriff, his Dtpury, or Coroner respectively; and also to return HTues of every such Person impannelled and returned, and not sheriff to return appearing, the Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be duly estreated and levied by the Sheriff of the said iiTres nr 4o* of County, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person not appearing, to the Use of the said Commissioners, Jomiwn

to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, by Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners, or any appearing,

three or more of them, attending at such Meeting; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear, such Sheriff, his Deputy, or Coroner, shall return other honest- and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to-artend this Service, so qual fi<*d m aforesaid, to make up j^rv {Worn tg such Jury to the Number of twelve Men, and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Chal- cenfia nf i» lenges against any of such Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to summon and call before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at any of their Meetings cau vv, tn«ir«» -

in

37® C. 33.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

before them, and examine them on Oath }

and may order Jurors to view the Premisea.

Verdict of the Jury to be final.

If ten Days Notice be given of delivering the Warrant*

CoAt of Jiryta be paid by the Party complain, ing, if the Complaint be adjudged firkoloee or vezatiouaj

but if Otherwise, by the Commissionert.

Bond to be given to pay Costa of Jury if the Complaint shall be adjudged frivolous or vexatious.

Commissioners may summon Witnesset, and examine thenf on Oath.

Penalty for net appearing*

When Rates are neglected to be paid, they may be levied by Ptftreft*

in such Manner as herein after is mentioned* all and every Person and Persons whomsoever* who shall be thought proper or oeceflary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Matters in question, to be enquired of by the said Jury; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to examine on Oath any such Witncfe or Witnesses, as well as any other Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury; and also to order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or more of them* to view the Place or Places* or Matters in question, if the said Commi&oners, or any three or more of thorn* aflemWcd at such Meeting as aforesaid, shall think fit; and the said Jurors upon their Oath (which Oath*, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them* assembled at any of their Meetings, are and is hereby impowered to administer) shall esquire of, and finally settle and ascertain such Parts of the said Schedule* and also of the said Taxes, with which such Person or Persons shall have been fodif-satisfied as aforesaid and shall have so referred to the Determination of such Jury; and the Verdict or Verdicts, Determination or Determinations of such Jury, shall be recorded by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them, and kept amongst their Proceedings in Execution of this Act, and shall be binding and condusive to all Intents and Purposes* against all and every Party or Parties, his* her, or their Heirs* Executors* Administrators* and Assigns* and all others claiming, or who shall claim* by, through, from* or under them* or any of them; so as Notice in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons who shall have been dissatisfied with such Schedule or Taxes* of an Intention of delivering any such Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, his Deputy* or Coroner* for the Purpose aforesaid, ten Days at the least before the Meeting at which such Schedule or Taxes is or are intended to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, That in all Cases where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at any of their Meetings after such Verdict or Verdicts, Determination or Determinations, shall he given as aforesaid shall adjudge such Reference or References to be frivolous or vexatious, then and in every such Case* the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury* and of taking such Inquest, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* shall think fit to afiefs, shall be settled by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* and shall be paid by the Person or Persons whose Reference or References shall be so as aforesaid adjudged frivolous or vexations; but if the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* shall not adjudge any such Reference or References frivolous or vexatious* then the whole Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury* and taking such Inquest, shall be settled by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* and be paid out of the Monies to bp received under this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons making Complaint* and request-rng such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* shall be obliged to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such Jury as aforesaid* first enter into a Bond to the Collector or Collectors for the Time being of the Rates and Assessments under this Act* or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* shall appoint, in die Penalty of fifty Pounds* conditioned to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury* and taking such Inquest, in case the Reference or Complaint, References or Complaints* of such Person or Persons shall be deemed by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* frivolous or vexatious.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them* at his or their own Will, or at the Request of any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, interested in any Matter or Thing to be done or determined under this Act, by or before the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* or to be enquired into or determined by the said Justices, or by any such Jury or Juries, as aforesaid, shall and may summon, by Writing under the Hands or Hand of such Commissioners, or any one or more of them, such Witness or Witnesses as shall be thought necessary to appear and give Evidence before the said Commissioners or any three or more of them* at any of their Meetings to be held innurfuance of this Act* or before the said Justices or before any such Jury or Juries, as aforesaid, at such Time and Place* as shall by such Summons be appointed; and if any such Witness being duly served with such Summons* and having been paid* or had tendered* a Sum of Money sufficient to bear his or her Charges of Attendance* shall neglect or refuse to appear* or give Evidence, then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them* on due Proof thereof j made before them, are hereby impowered and required* by Warrant under their Hands and Seals* to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so neglecting or refuting to appear, or give Evidence, a Sum of Money not exceeding ten Pounds* nor lets than five Pounds, to the Use of such Person or Persons who caused any such Person to be summoned as a Witness* as aforesaid* rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Summons* Distrefa, and Sale* to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so rated or taxed as aforesaid, (bait refuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Tax charged upon him, her, or them respectively* or any Part thereof, for the Space of six Days after the respective Times of Payment to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them (public Notice thereof being affixed upon the Doors of the Parish Churches of Alt car, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill aforesaid* by or by the Order of the Collector or Receiver for the Time being to the said Commissioners), it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Receiver, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them (which said Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to make and grant, as Occasion shall require), to levy the Sum or Sums of Money so aflc/Ted or rated* or such Part thereof as shall be unpaid* by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so assessed and rated as aforesaid, which shall be found in the said County of Laneaf.gr w

eJ few here,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 33. 371

elsewhere, an d the Goods and Chattels so distrained to lceep for the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Owner or Owners shall not, within the Space of five Days, pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed or rated, that then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish where the same shall be taken, or other proper Persons, and shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, For Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus (if any be) coming by such Sale, after the Sum or Sums so assessed or rated, and the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress, are deducted, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon reasonable Demand; and the several and respective Te- Tenant! to de-runts of all and Angular the said Low Lands who shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this Act, are hereby odt f

required and authorised to pay all or so much of the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so assessed or *thcu Rcmv rated, and charged upon the Owner or Owners of such Low Lands in respect thereof, as the Rent of such respective Tenants shall amount unto, and to deduct out of the Rent to much of the said Assessments r Rates as the Owner or Owners of the said Low Lands, in respect thereof, are or shall be assessed or rated at, or as such Rent shall amount unto, or be sufficient to pay or satisfy; and the Landlords of such respective Premises, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deductiotl and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rent (if any such there be); and every Tenant paying such Assessment or Rate, or so much thereof as his or her Rent shall amount to and be sufficient t6 pay, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as he or she shall so pay, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Rents of such Lands; except where there is a Lease or Contraft for less than three Years to come from the passing of this Act, in which Case the Proportion of the Assessment or Rate which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in Consideration of the Benefit he receives, shall be adjudged or awarded by any five or more of the said Commissioners, having nd Interest in the Premises so in Lease or Contraft.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay, or cause Fsr the better ’ to be paid, to the Collector or Collectors for the Time being of the said Assessments or Rates, the Sum of recoteringPaj* Sums of Money which shall be respectively assessed or rated, and charged, on such Person or Persons, for Swr the Space of six Days after personal Demand shall have been made, or Notice thereof in Writing left at the Dwelling-house or last Place of Residence of such Person or Persons so assessed or rated, and charged or taxed as aforesaid, by the said Collector or Collectors, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall, over and above the Assessments or Rates so in Arrear, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings for every twenty Shillings which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid, and so in Proportion for any lesser Sum in Arrear, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the aforesaid Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, are herein and hereby directed to be levied; and the Money so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards carrying on the said Works of draining, and other the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Low Lands Htw Ttrotni* shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be found for levied on un

levying the said Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, then the Lands chargeable therewith shall always remain a *?"* p,c* i

Security for Payment thereof; and all Goods and Chattels which shall at any Time thereafter be found mScu thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised, and fold, in Manner as aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, and the Charges attending such Distress or Distresses, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers for the Time being, to enter upon and let the same Lands, to be mowed or depaf-tured from Year to Year only, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof for the Use of the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, until all Arrears of the said Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, and Charges, shall be fully satisfied and paid, rendering the Overplus of the Rents and Profits (if any), after discharging such Arrears and Charges, to the Owner or Owners of such Lands.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or any three or mdre of them, shall Howto meter cause Notice or Notices in Writing, signed by them, to be given to or left at the usual Place or Places of Payment of the* Abode or Dwelling of any Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so to be nominated and ap- Money from thw pointed as aforesaid, thereby requiring him or them to pay all or any Sum or Sums of Money which shall Colieaow, nave been collected and received by him or them by virtue of or in consequence of his or their said Office or Office?, and then remaining unpaid by him or them, over and above his or their Salary or Salaries, to the Person or Persons, and at the Time and Place therein for that Purpose mentioned, and the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers to or for whom any such Notice or Notices shall be fo\ given or left as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of six Days, refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of*

Money mentioned in such Notice or Notices, to the Person or Persons therein named, then, and in every such Case and as often as it shall so happen, it may and shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warraot or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby inmowered^ from Time to Time, to make and grant (as they shall think fit), to distrain all or any of the Goods and*

Chattels of such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned' in such Notice or Notices, and to appraise, fell, and dispose of, the Goods and Chattels so distrained, for'

Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in the said Notice or Notices, rendering and payings the Overplus of the Money raiftd by such Sale or Sales (if any) as shall remain after paying all the Sum* or Sums of Money mentioned in such Notice or Notices, and all the Costs and Expences of or relating to such Distresses and Sales as aforesaid, jo the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, upoi* seasonable Demand.

c XXVII. And

37*

Gbmmiflii ntri iinjmvtred to borrow Money,

tn4 to affipn the 'Rues as s Security.

Further Secur‘ty to the Lenders.

Alignment* of the Rates may be transferred.

The Oceopiert only to be taxed for Repairs after the Money borrowed shall be paid and the WorJu completed.

Punishment fer tied roying the Works.

Penalty for epening Floodgates, &c.

C. 33. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. 0.1779.

XXVII. And for as much as the Money so to be assessed, rated, levied, collected, and gathered, as aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expeoces of making such new Channel, Banks,

Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels, Cloughs, Sluices, and Outlets, and of erecting and making such Flood-gates, Engines, Locks, Weirs, and other Works, as will be necessary for the Draining and

speedy Improvement of the faici Low Lands be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners* or any

three or more of them, assembled at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of, Money which, they shall think necessary for the making, carrying on, repairing and preserving the said Works, and other the Purposes of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals (without Stamps) to a&gn over the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged or to be charged upon the Owners and Occupiers of the said Low Lands, and every or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of the Alignments to be paid out of the said Rates or Taxes), as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums, with Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums, His, her, of their, Trustee or Trustees, Executors, Administrators, or Aligns; which Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in making such new Channel, Banks, Bridges, CutDrains, Dams, Tunnels, Chughs. Sluices, and Outlets, and erecting and making such Flood gates. Engines, Locks, We^rs, and other Works, as will be necessary lor draining and improving; ttye said Low Lands, and for other^hc Purposes of this A<d, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Taxes, and Supjs of Money to be assessed or -charged by virtue of this Act, upon the Owners or Occupiers of the said Low Lands, shall be charged and chargeable, in the first place, with the Payment of the Principal Money so to be borrowed, and the In-iereft of such Money from Time to Time, and shall vest in the respective Creditors upon Default of Payment of such principal Money and Interest, until the same shall be duly Satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioneh by the Non-payment thereof; but subject nevertheless to the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with IntcrdL, as shall be agreed to be paid, or shall be assessed for Damages, :as herein-before is mentioned; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns rejnedively, shall have the same Power, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering the several Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the said Low Lands, for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, could have had in case the said Principal and Interest Money had been regularly and duly facisfud and paid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Alignment of the said Rates and Taxes shall be made, for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money lent as aforesaid, or who shall Ije entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall have full Power, from Time to Time, by Indorsement on the original Grant, Alignment, or Security, or otherwise, by any Writing or Writings* without Stamps, to assign or transfer the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and after the Time that a Copy of the same shall be entered iq a Book to be kept by the/aid Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk or Treasurer is hereby required to make, upon producing such Assignment, and Payment of five Shillings for making the same), shall entitle such Assignee or At-signees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, nr Afligqs, to the principal Sum, and all Interest due or to grow due thereupon; and such Assignee or Assignees, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may in like Manner assign the same again, and so toiies q.uoties, as Occasion shall require, every such Alignment being entered as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Principal Money which shall be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, and the lnieieft thereof, shall have been fully paid and satisfied, and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have certified in Writing, signed by them, that the said Works for draining and preserving of the said Low Lands have be* n completed and finished, the respective Occupiers only of the said Low Lands shall from thenceforth be assessed, rated, and taxed, yearly and every Year, for and towards the repairing, maintaining, and preserving of such Works, at and after such annual Acre Rate or Tax, as aforesaid; and the same shall be paid by such. Occupiers without having any Abatement or Allowance out of their or any of their Rent, from the re-fptdive Owners of the said Low Lands, or of any Part thereof, or otherwise howsoever; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times wilfully, maliciously, and wantonly, burn, cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, or cause, or procure, or hire any Person or Persons to burn, cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, any Bridge, Baulk. Mill, Clough, Eneine, Flood gate. Lock, Weir, or Sluice, which now is or are, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall be making or erecting, or made or erected, for draining and improving the said Low Lands, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, (HaU and have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punifljtd, in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statures of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully, maliciously, or wantonly open, or cause to be opened, any of the said Flood gates, Cloughs, or Tunnels, or other railage for Water, to the Prejudice of the said Low Lands, or any Part thereof, or stop, dam up, spoil, or damage, or cause, procure, or hire any Person to flop, spoil, or damage, any Drain*; Water-couife, Tunnel, Bridge, or other Work or Works which now is or are, or at any Time or Time*,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 33. 373

hereafter shall he making or erecting, or made or created for thfc Fuvpofer aforesaid* Of shall witfuHy or

nkaliciously lay, throw, or place, any Rubbish or any other Obstrudson therein, or cauls, procure, or hire,

any Person to lay, throw, or place, any Rubbish therein, in order to obstruct or preterit the free Current

and Passage of the Water, every Person offending in any of the said Gales, who shall he convicted thereof

on the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Person or Persons, before two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lmuafter, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied by

Differed and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and

Seals of the Justices by whom such Conviction shall be made, to be applied and laid out for the Purpose*

of this Act ? and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the

House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said County of Lanrqftrr% by virtue of any Warrant under

the Hands and Seals of any two of the said Justices, there to remain for any Time not exceeding twelve

Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices by whom such Commitment shall be made; and

if such Person or Persons shall offend again in like Manner, and be thereof lawfully convicted, every such Offender*, for

Person shall be fohjed and liabte to the like Pains and Penalties, as in Cases of Felony; and the Court [ew^d°

by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, and have hereby Power and Authority to Fcl^1

cause such Person or Persons to be punished, in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the

Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs* in Cases of Petit Larceny.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time make, or cause Penakj 00 m* to be made, any Watering-place or Places of Access for any Cattle to drink, in any of the Dams or Drains king Watering* within the said Low Lapds, or shall continue to use any Watering-place after Notice in Writing to the pi* i contrary shall be given to him, her, or them, by any Officer appointed by any two or more of the said Commissioners; or if any Person or Persons shall drive, or cause to be driven, any Waggon, Cart, or other or Carriage, upon or acroft any Bank which shall be made or maintained by virtue of tins Ad (unless such rjagef 0r8:a<ti« Bank hath oeen of Right used as a Cart-way, or be made upon any common Drove-way, and a suffi- on the Bank?, cient Passage Stall not be left alone the Side of the said Bank); or if any Person or Persons uiall Sack any

Sedge or Fodder upon any of the said Banks, or shall drive, or cause to be driven, any Horses, Cattle,

Sheep, or Lambs, upon any Bank which shall be raised or maintained by virtue of this Act, every Person ft offending in any of the said cases, being thereof convicted before one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Lamcaftir, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confession of the Party or Parties offending, shall forfeit,*for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings to the said Commissioners, to be levied by Distrefeand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offend-? era, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice before whom such Conviction shall be made, and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, That where there is no Drove-way leading to the Lands or Grounds of any Exception, re* Owner or Occupier in the said Low Lands, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Owner or Occu- fating to driring pier of such Lands or Grounds, and his, her, and their Servants and Workmen, to drive any Cattle upon c*le.

and acroft the said Banks to and from such Low Lands or Grounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall permit or fuffier his, her, or To prevent their Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, to depasture or feed, or if any Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs feeding cattle shall be found depasturing or feeding upon any of the Banks or Drove-ways which shall be made or matn-r on the B*nk* or tamed by virtue of this Act; then and in either of the said cases, when and as often as it shall so happen, Drotc*w#y|* ft shall and may be lawful to and for any such Collector or Receiver as aforesaid, or any other Person employed by him, to seize and impound such Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, then depasturing or feeding upon such Banks or Drove-ways, and to detain and keep inch Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, until the Owner or Owners thereof shall have paid, to the Person or Persons impounding the same, the oum of one Shilling for every Horse, and for every Ox, Cow, or other Neat Cattle, and the Sum of Three-pence for every Sheepor Lamb, which shall be so impounded; and in case the some~shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of detaining and keeping the same, before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, that then the said Commissionej-Sy or any three or more of them, shall and may cause the Horses, Cattle, Sheep, and Lambs, so impounded, to be sold, returning the Overplus of the Money arising thereby (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Horses, Cattle. Sheep, and Lambs, on reasonable Demand, after the reasonable Charges of such detaining, keeping, and felling the same, be fully paid and satisfied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall mow, or cause to be mown, any of the Banks The Bank* not or Dme-ways to be made or maintained by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall be done by the Or- to be nowdd, der or Direction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; and the Produce of the Banks ploughed, or of the (hid new Channel shall be fold and disposed of, and the Money arising thereby applied for the Pre- b«f hr fervatton of the said Banks or Drove-ways, and other the Purpose of this Act; and that no Person or oau

Persons shall plough, dig, delve, or break up, or cause to be ploughed, dug, delved, or broken up, any of- the Banks or Drove-ways made or to be made and maintained by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall be done by the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any commissionert three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to cause any Star impowmd to lb be planted tit and upon fdoh of the SandnhiUs, or other Places near or contiguous to the said old, Chan- ptatfot in ska ntY or the River or she said new Channel when made, or any of the InUts or Outlets of Water of

okher of them, and to remove any Hill or Hills which may cause any Obstruction or Impediment to either u

of the said Channels, or any of the Inlet* or Outlet* et Water thereto or therefrom, a* they the said ' Voi.Xm. Partlll. Ccc ' Corn-

374

Penalty on Occupiers of Low* Lands who shall neglect to open Watercoiufe*, and repair Cloughs and Tunnels.

Tbc Tenure of Lands not to be altered by any Forfeiture inclined by this Art.

Works done by virtue of this AO not to be subject to Commissioneri of Sewers.

In case the new Channel be made through Mr. Formby*s Lands, the Commissioners Dull esufe a Carriage Bridge to be made in his Lands, and L ch other Bridges as they stall think pro* per.

Election of new Commissionert.

Perfbos interest-cd in the Lands incapable of being Commissioners.

No Bufinest valid unless done at Meetings.

Cofntrnssioners becoming iate-rcfled incapable ef aOing.

C. 33.' Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Commissionfers, or itty three ormore of rtwm; ftnU from Time to Time think proper or necefliry for the ’ Prfcforvation ad WeiLofthcOourse of the said oW Channel, as of the Course of the'bid new Channel when made, or any of the said Inlets or Outlets of Water thereto or therefrom.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Low Lands shall at any Time or Times refuse or neglect well and sufficiently to widen, deepen, scour* or cleanse, his, her, or their Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, or to put into good and sufficient Repair, Order, and Condition, his, her, or their Cloughs and Tunnels, in or upon any of the said Low Lands, after ten Days Notice given to him, her, or them, for any of those Purposes, by any Officer appointed by any two or more of the said Commissioners 5 then and so often' it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, to employ some Person or Persons, well and sufficiently to widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse, such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, or any of them* and to put into good and sufficient Repair, Order, and Condition, such Cloughs and Tunnels, or any of them, and by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required from Time to Time to make and grant, as Occasion shall require) to levy the usual or reasonable Charges and Expences of such widening, deepening, scouring, or cleansing, of such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and of putting into such-Repair, Order, and Condition, such Cloughs and Tunnels respectively, by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, of such Occupier or Occupiers so refuting or neglecting, which shall be found upon any Part of the said Low Lands occupied by him, her, or them respectively, in the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are herein-before directed to be levied, together with the Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distress, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Occupier or Occupiers respectively (after all Charges paid) upon reasonable Demand.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, alter, or change the Nature or Tenure of the said Lo* Lands, or any of them, by reason of the Nonpayment of Taxes, or on any other Account mentioned in this Act; but the same shall remain, continue, and be under the Teveral Tenures they were holdca before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grid new Channel, and the Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Cloughs, Tunnels, Bridges, Flood-gates, Engines, Locks, Weirs,* and ocher Works, made and to be made, and altered, in, upon, and about the said Low Lands, and the said River, Rivulets, Brooks, or Streams, by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the ControuL, Di— redion. Survey, or Order of any Commission of Sewers, or Law or Statute relating to Sewers; and that the Power of the Commission of Sewers shall not extend or be deemed to extend to any of the Premifo*; comprised in this Act, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said new Channel shall be made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and are hereby required to cause to be made a good and substantial Carriage Bridge ov« the said aenr Channel, at such Place within the Estate of the said Richard Formby, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,* shall think most convenient and proper; and shall also make such other Bridge or Bridges over the said River Act, and also over the said new Channel, as to them shall appear necessary; and the said Commit*' sioners, or any three or more of them, shall from Time to Time maintain and support the said Carriage Bridge, and such other Bridge or Bridges as aforesaid; and the Expence of building, making, maintaining and supporting the said Bridge or Bridges, shall be defrayed out of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act.

XLII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Retignation, or Refusal to aA, of any of the Commissioners herein-before named, or to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, (such Retignation or Refusal to be tignified in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners), or of their or any of their becoming incapable to aA as herein after is mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to chuse, from Time to Time, a proper Person, not interested in the said Low Lands, to be a Commissioner in the Place of each Commissioner who shall die, or r^sign, or refuse to aA, or become incapable of aAing as aforesaid; and every such new Commissioner so to be from Time to Time chosen as aforesaid, shall have the like Power and Authority to aA, in all Things relating to the Execution of this A A, as the Commissioners before named are by this A A invested with; and every Aich Election of a new Commissioner shall be from Time to Time entered in the Book or Books of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners in Execution of this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons interested in the said Low Lands, or any of them, shall be enabled to meet, sit, or act as a Commissioner or Commissioners for any of the Purposes herein* befote mentioned, or to elect any new Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room of other or others, or to put any of the Powers or Authorities of this Act in Execution; and that no Order, Adjudication, or Determination, made by any of the Commissioners, shall be binding, unless the same shall be made at their first General Meeting, or at some or one of their General Meetings, or Meetings by Adjournment to be held in pursuance of this Act, or in consequence of or by Order at.such Meetings or Meeting respectively.

XLIV. Provided also, That in case any Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners in or by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time after tiich Appointment become seised or possessed of any of the said Low Lands by Descent or Purchase, or otherwise interested therein, such Person. and Persons shall immediately after his or their becoming so foiled, possessed, or intetested, be incapable

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 33. 375

of being or acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners under this Act, or la ^carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution; and all Acts to be afterwards done by such Person and Persons as a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, shall and are hereby declared to be respectively null and;void.

XLV. Provided also, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of CommWBonm. any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given (other than adminhering the Oath following to one ano- to be (Worn, ther) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the Effect following; (that is to say)

5 ¥ A.B. do swear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially. The Oath. x according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and ,€ Authorities given unto me as a Commissioner appointed in pursuance ofan Act of Parliament for draining,

improving, and preferring\ the Low Lands in the Parishes of A1 tear, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is or are hereby authorised and impowered to administer to any other of the said Commissioners, at their first or any subsequent Meeting or Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to charge or subject the said Commissioners, or any of them, with any Costs or Charges, personally, or out of their or any of their own private Estates, hut that all Costs and Charges which shall be awarded against the said Commissioners, or any of them, under this Act, shall be borne and paid from and out of the Monies to be had and received by virtue of or under this Acts any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Person or Persons making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defcft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor -stall the Person or Persons didraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Person or Persons distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action shall recover for any such Irregularity, if Tender of good and diffident Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time after such Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the Time of such last mentioned Tender; but on Proof made of such Tender on the Trial of such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall differ Judgment, as in Cases of Nonsuit, to be entered against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, with Treble Costs, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs at Law.

XLVIII. And, to the End that it may appear clearly what Money has been raised from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, and that the Owners and Proprietors of the said Low Lands may be satisfied, that the Money collected and raised hath been duly applied be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause Books of Assessments, Receipts, and Disbursements, to be provided and kept, and the Accounts of every Collector or Receiver shall be entered therein after the same shall have been passed and allowed as herein after mentioned; and that once or oftener in every Year, on one of the Days of Meeting of the said Commissioners, Inspection shall be had by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements of all Money which shall be collected by virtue of this Act; and all Accounts relating to the same shall be then, or within twenty Days after, made up and settled by any three or more of the said Commissioners, assembled at such Meeting; at which Time the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the said Rates and Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to attend, with proper Books of Accounts of his or their Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Confederation and Examination thereof upon Oath (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners at such Meeting is hereby impowered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to allow, pass, and sign the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts of the same as they shall see just and reasonable; and such Accounts, or such Part or Parts of them as shall be fb allowed, passed, and signed, shall be fairly entered in such Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose as aforesaid, by the said Commissioners, or any one of them, or by their Clerk; and the said Book or Books shall and may at all Times be inspected and perused at seasonable Hours, without Fee or Reward, by any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any of the said Low Lands hereby directed to be drained and preserved.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders, ami Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Bocks to be kept for that Purpose; and such Rules, Orders, and Proceedings, when entered, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and the Clerk to the said Commissioners is hereby required to set his Name as a’.Witness thereto: And the said Rules, Orders, and Proceedings, so signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken to be original Rules, Orders, and Proceedings; and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all causes of Appeal, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act: And such Book or Books shall and may be inspected and perused at all seasonable Hours, without Fee or Reward; and Copies thereof, or £ any Part thereof, may be taken by any Person or Personi, paying the said Clerk after the Rate of Thrcerp$flce for every one hundred Words. - 1'

*........- Ccc 2 L- Provided

Commissiontco not to be personally, or their Estates, subject to any Costs or Charges by Means of their acting in the Execution of this Act.

Dist*ert not unlawful for Want of Form.

Personi may recover, in case of Irregularity in Distress, for Special Damage j but not after Amends ten* dcred.

Books of Account to be kept.

Accounts to be p?ssed yearly, of oftener.

Roles and Or. ders to be entered in Books, and figoed j

and may be given in evidence.

37

No Order to be merfed, unless by Consent of five Commi f-bsm,

Saving thje Rights of Lords of Manors,

Fhfcing and Fowling referred to Owners.

Justices may administer Oaths.

False Evidence to be punished M Perjury.

Persons ftggriev ed by Order of Justices, may appeal to the Quarter Sessionef

whose Order Stall be. final.

Proceedings net to be qoaritod for want of Form.

Now Jpftiaet to proceed for Conviction of Often* den.

lorm of Con* siOion.

Limitation of ▲&ions»

Ctaanl Issue.

C. 33. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

t- ftovidej Blvroy«, ln^ be it further enacted, That *0 Oder whtA shall be made bf thefatd Goto* missioners, or any three dr more of tiiUtn, virtue and under the Authority of this Act, at any of their Meetings, fltfll bo altered, reversed* -annulled, or toad* void, atany subsequent Meeting* onlefo five or more of the said Commissioners shall be, prefen tat stich Meeting, and "ft all consent thereto* not unless ten Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, be affixed upon the Church Doom of Jltcar, Seftont Haljall, and tValton upon the Hill aforesaid respectively, on fonte Sunday; in which said Notice it shall be expressed what Order or Orders are intended to be reversed, altered, or made void.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby- declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat* the Right, Title* or Interest, of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor ett Manors within the Juriiaidion or Limits whereof the said Low Lands, by this Act directed to be drained, embanked and preserved, do lie, of, in, or to any Seigniories* Royalties, and Rights, incident and belonging to the said Manor or Manors, but that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies* shall at all Tithe* hereafter have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, all Rights, Royalties, Jurisdictions, and Privileges (except Rich as rtiay be prejudicial to the draining of the said Lands hereby drre&ed to be drained and preferred J, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they might have had, held, exercised, and enjoyed the same, in case this Act had not been made; nor shall any Thing in this Act prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right or Interest of any of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Low Lands, of, in, ot to the Liberty of Filning and Fowling in or upon the said new intended Channel, and the said River Alt, and the Rivulets, Brooks* or Streams, running* or which shall run therein.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice or Justicefr of the Peace by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to admiitifter an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses; and that all and every Person and Persons, who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence or Information before the said Cornttaiflionets, or any three or more of them, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace and "being convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now m being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Account of any Offence committed against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Seffioas of the Peace, to be holden by Adjournment, or otherwise, for the District of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, wherein the said Low Lands di reded by this Act to be drained and preserved, do lie; the Person or Persons so appealing*, first entering into a Recognizance* with two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Penalty, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions, m cate such Order or Judgment shall be affirmed and the Justices, tn their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to

8’ve such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable, and to make such Order therein as to theca all appear just 3 which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or re* movable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever* into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or elsewhere.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings to be made or had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, shall be quathed or va^ cated for want of Form only.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall bs convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may caafo the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect:

County* Palatine of) 4 tjE it remembered. That on the # Day of in the Year

Lancaster (to wit) J 4 of our Lord jA B is ctonrided before

of his Majesty's Justices f*r Justice] of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, by virtue of an Act made 4* in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for drainings improving, and' 4 preserving, the Low Lands in the Parishes of Altcar, Stfton, Hal fall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, [Specifying the Offence, and the Tima and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be.]

Given under our Hands and Seals" [*r Hand and Seal]* the Day and Year aforesaid.*'

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Information*, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pur*-fiiance of this. Ad, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit or Information, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed* and not afterwards, and shall be brought and laid in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information* shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may jaftify and avow* by virtue* of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fad or Fads alleged in such Action, Sait, or Inform mation, to have been done. Was or were done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the-feme shall appear to have been so done* or if any (such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought after the Time before knitted for bringing tilt same, or shall be brought hr any other County or Place than a»

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo non» Georgii III. c. 34. 377

[Preamble.]

Recital of an Act 7 Geo. nr*

aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants;-or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Action^uit, or Information, or if any Judgment#or Verdict &aH oafs agfcinft him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer* or otherwise, then, and in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs* for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as where Gofta Treble Costs* are by Law awarded.

LVII. And be k farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to be a Public Act; and Public Act#-all Indies, Justicts, and other Persona, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as Aich, without fpc-crafty pleading the tame.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonlp called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise. Grant, West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaiffham Prior,

East and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conserva-. tors of the Great Level of the Fins, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands* j lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Inverted Lands.

WHEREAS the Commissioners appointed by and chosen in pursuance of an Act passed in the 4 Vy# seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Levd of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, other-

wife Grant, West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham, Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, Eafi\

and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great

Level of toe Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid%

commonly called Inverted Lands, have, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities thereby granted,

and for the due Execution of the said Act, from Time to Time borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Taxes charged and to be charged by virtue of the said Act, and have expended Part thereof, amounting to the Sum of two thousand eight hundred Pounds and upwards, in repairing the East Bank of the River Grant, lying between Clay Hythe Ferry and the Sluice commonly x called Reach or Upwere Sluice, and in making a cross Bank from the Town of Reach to the East Bank of the River Grant, and the Residue thereof in feeuring out and deepening the Loads mentioned in the said Act, and in making Banks by the Sides thereof, and in amending, to the great Benefit of the Naviga*

tion, such Banks, after they have been damaged by Horses haling thereon, and also in ereccting Engines-% and doing other Works of draining, which have been of considerable Use to manjr of the Lands in the said District: And whereas it is found by Experience, that the Boundary of the said District by the for-14 mer Act, may in some Parts of it, for the better Security of the Draining, be enlarged, without Prejudice % or Injury to any private Owner or Occupier of Lands within the same: And whereas the Tolls granted.

by the said Act for repairing the said East Bank of the River Grant, and fcowering out and deepening the several Loads, and repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the several Banks of the several Loads within the said District, are insufficient for and unequal to the Expence thereof, so that the Land-owners in the said District axe not able to support the said Works, or to complete such other Works as are necessary for draining their Land*, and paying the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and laid out in the cresting, making, and Maintenance thereof, insomuch that the Banks, so necessary both for the Naviga*

tion and Draining, as well as the other Works now made, must soon fall into Decay, and the said Dif- trift be again reduced to a drowned Condition, and so remain, without such reasonable Contribution from the Navigators, and others using the said Banks, as shall be in some Sort adequate to the Expencea*

the said Commissioners have and shall hereafter be put to for maintaining the same: And whereas neither the Tolls or Taxes granted by the said Act have been regularly and duly paid, the Tolls having been*

evaded, and some of the Taxes left in Arrear, for want of sufficient Powers to enforce the regular Payment thereof* which if suffered so to continue, will defeat the Purposerof thefatd Act :* May it there* fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent*

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual spid Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Boundary, instead of going, as under the former Act, from Common Hardtidge Gate to a certain Place called Barr Hill, (half go from the said Gate alon|; the Outring Ditch of North Hill Ciofes, next Hardridge Common(including all ine said Common) to the Ground of Thomas Panton Efcniire, lying in Bottisham Load, in the Occupation^ of Thomas Grain, and along the Ditch on the South-weit Side thereof, to Sheep North Hill Grounds, and along the upper and lower Parts thereof, and of the inclosed Grass Grounds, called The Rough, to th*~

Rough Common Gate, and across from thence to the Oatring Ditch of Hardwaik Common, and round the said Common, including the same, to Hardwaik Gate, near a Place called Grabble Hole, and from thence* along by the Run of Water at the End of The Rujb Grounds* next Hog Green, and along by the Outring'

Ditch, on the Weft and South-west Side* thereof, and the Ground called The Parsons upper Lot; and round' by the Outring Ditch, on the South Side of the said Lot and Lug Ground, including the same, to a-wound of Soame Jenyns Esquire, and up the Outring Ditch on the West Side thereof, to Black Ditch

Drove*,

Tbt Bbunliy*

intomnitiit, and Tolls in* sufficimt. So

the new F ‘

37®

What Lands shall be taxed*

Tolls on the East Bank of the River Grant.

Penalty on eliding the Tolls*

New Tolls at

the several Sluices*

C. 34. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Drove, and froth thence along by the Line as Vlefcvibed in the former Act, to the Ferry Place at Clayhitht; as aforesaid.

II. Provided nevertheless^ and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not at any Time aflefo. rate, or tax, any other Lands, taken into the Limits by the aforesaid Alteration of the Boundary, than the Grounds called The Hardwalk Common, in the Parish of Horningfea; nor shall they at any Time aflcft, rate, or tax, the said Common, until a Mill shall have been eroded on the Hardridge Common, or a Clough or other Engine, that may answer the End of a Mill, shall elsewhere be made for carrying the Waters from off the Dittony Horningfeay and §>uoi Fens directly into the River, or the BottiJhamLoid; hut so soon as such Mill or other Engine shall have been erected or made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any of their quarterly Meetings, to assess, rate, or tax the same with any Sum that shall fecm to them expedient or adviseable, not exceeding one Shilling per Acre; and shall exercise and make use of all such and the same Powers, Remedies, and Means, for collecting, receiving, recovering, and compelling Payment of the said Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, hereby directed to be charged upon the said Lands called Hardwalk Common, in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioners have for the collecting and recovering Payment of other Taxes rated and charged upon other Lands, by virtue of this Act or of the Ad hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual.

III. And, the better to secure the Tolls granted by the former Act/ be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and their Successors, or their Toll-gatherer for the Time being, at any Place or Places they shall appoint on the East Bank of the River Grant, between Clayhithe and Upwere Sluice, the Sum of Two-pence for every Horse or Gelding, Mare, Mule, Ass, or other Bead, attending upon, or going in or with any Boat or Boats, Lighter or Lighters, wht ther such Horse, or other Bead, shall at the Time of passing by or through the Toll-gate, or Place fixed on by the said Commissioners for collecting the same, be actually haling or not 5 and for every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ass, or other Bead, travelling on the said Bank, one Penny: for every Drove of Neat Cattle Ten-pence per Score 5 and for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, Hogs or rp. Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number; the said Toll so paid, to be applied to the Maintenance and Support of the said Bank, and for no other Purpose whatsoever; And in case of Neglect or Refusal of Payment of the said Tolls on Demand, the Collector or Collectors thereof, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, are hereby authorised and required to seize and detain any Horse or Horses, Bead or Btafh, or Boat, Lighter, or Vessel, wherein the same are carried, on which such Toll is hereby imposed, and them or any of them from thence to remove, take, seize, and didrain, as also to take, seize, and didrain, any Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, haling or passing on the said Bank; and in case the said Toll or Tolls, for Nonpayment of which such Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, Boat, Lighter, or Vessel, are taken, shall not be paid within three Days after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to fell such Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, or Boatj Lighter, or Vessel, so seized and didratned as aforesaid, and out of the Monies arising from such Sale to deduct and retain the said Toll or Tolls so neglected or refused to be paid, and the reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Seizure, Detention, and Sale thereof as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any there be, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, or Boat, Lighter, or Vessel, respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Waterman, or other Person haling any Boat or Boats* Lighter or Lighters, with one or more Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads, shall take oflF, or cause to be taken oflF, or removed from or out of the said Boat or Boats, Lighter or Lighters, any such Horse or other Bead, with Intent to avoid the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or, after having passed by any Tollgate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall put on, add to, or use any other Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, for haling such Boat or Boats, Lighter or Lighters, than he shall have paid the Toll for; or shall forcibly pass through or over such Toll gate or Turnpike, with any Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, without paying the Tolls hereby directed to be paid; every Person so offending shall, for every such Horse or other Bead, forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of forty Shillings for every Offence, to be levied and recovered by Warrant of Distress, in like Manner as the Forfeiture is herein after directed to be recovered from Watermen, or any other Person, giving in a Zaire Account of their Lading; the Monies so raised by such Distress and Sale to be applied to the same Purposes as the Tolls hereby granted.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That indead of the Tolls granted by the former Act, to be paid at each of the Sluices called Bettisham and Swajffham Sluices, and also Reach Loady there shall be paid to the said Commissioners, their Collector or Collectors by them appointed, at any Place or Places which they shall at any of their Meetings fix on and approve, by or near the respective Loads of Bottisham, Swaffham, and Reach;

For every Chaldron of Coals; for every Chaldron of Cinders; for every two Chaldron of Lime; for every Ton Weight of Clunch Stone; for every Hundred of Battens; for every Quarter of a hundred of three or four Inch Deals; for every Half hundred of other Deals; for every Half hundred of Fir Spars, not exceeding eighteen Feet in Length; for every Ton of Timber; for every five hundred of Bricks; for every thousand of common Tiles; for every five hundred of Pan or other Tiles; for every five hundred of Pam-ments; for every four thousand of Turf; for every five hundred of Sedge; for every thousand of Reed; for every ten Coomb of Wheat, Rve, Mefledine, Beans, Pease, or Seeds; for every twenty Coomb of Oats, Barley, or Malt; for every Ton of Iron or Lead; for every Hogshead of Wine or Cyder; for every two Barrels of Beer, Pitch, or Tar; for every eight Gallons of Rum, Brandy, Gin, and other spirruous Liquors; for every four Crates of Glass; for every eight Gross of Bottles; for every four Boxes of Glass; for every two Packs, or twenty Tod of Wool; for every, two Pockets, or two hundred Weight 3 of

A.D. 17yg. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 34* 379

of Bppa j Sop evigry sixty Buoehes of Fir Lath; for every forty Bunches of Oak Lath; for every fucteen thousand of Spits; for every sixteen hundred of Splints} for every eight dozen of Hurdles} for every eight hundred' of Poless and for every Ton Weight of Salt, Sand, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever* not herein-before mentioned, the Sum of Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every greater or taller Quantity or Weight of the said Goods patting on, or being navigated through, the said Sluices or.

Loads:

Which said Sum and Sums shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of and as a Toll or Duty, for the Repairs of the respective Banks and Loads only, and shall be paid by every Person who shall carry or convey any of the Articles herein-before parricularifed, or any other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever: And in case of Neglect or Refusal of Payment of the said Toll or Duty on Demand, the OoNegleAof Collector or Collectors thereof to be appointed by the said Commissioners is and are hereby authorised and ^.7* ?! impowered to enter into any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Vessel, being in any of the said Loads, taking with to° him or them such Aflilhmcc as he or they may think proper, and to fcize and detain any of the said Goods Vesselt and or Commodities,! or the Vessels carrying the same, with their Tackle, until Payment of the said Toll or Goods, and Celt Duty; and if the said Toll shall not be paid within three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and the&nc, may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collc&nrs to fell all or any of the said Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Com modifies, and Vessels, with their Tackle, so seized and detained as aforesaid, and out of the Money arising from such Sale todedu& and retain the said Toll or Duty so neglected to be paid, and the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Seizure, Detention, and Sale, as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Vessel or Vessels respectively; and if the said Collector or Collators shall be at any Time opposed or refitted in the Execution of his or their Office, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whither intruded with the Navigation of such Boat, Barge, or Lighter, or not, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence, for be levied and recovered in the like Manner as any other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be recovered; which Lid Penalty and Penalties, when recovered, are to be applied for the Repairs of the resprdive Banks and Loads only.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That all such Corn, Hay, Sedge, Fodder, Reed, or other Produce, growing Eiemytlona «pon any Part of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits of this Act, which shall be brought, from Toll* conveyed, or carried up or down any of the Loads from off the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, to the Home or Homes of the respective Owner or Owners of such Corn, Hay, Sedge, Reed, Fodder, or other 1

Produce, shall be, and are hereby discharged and exempt of and from the Payment of the several Tolls1 and Duties herein-before lad mentioned*

VII. And to the Intent that the Quantity and Quality of such Goods and Commodities which shall af la oUtr to*L 4 any Time or Times be carried up or down any Part of the said Loads called Reach Loady Bottisham Load, ceiulo the Swaffham Load, or Burwell New Loady or any of them, may be discovered and known, and that the Tolls by this Act granted may be justly and truly paid be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That cooduy ° every Waterman, or other Person, who shall at any Time navigate, carry, or convey through any of the Watermen A»il said Sluices, or up or down any Part of the said Loads, any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Coromo- fire Accounts dities whatsoever, shall, upon Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, give a just &*£ and true Account of the Quantity and Quality of all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, as he shall have on board, and of (be Name or Names of the Owner or respective Owners thereof; which Account being reduced and put into Writing by the said Collector or Collectors, the said Waterman or other Person is and are hereby required to subscribe his Name or Mark theicto; and if he shall Penalty on Re-refuse so to do, or shall deliver in a false or untrue Account, he shall, for every such Refusal or false fufrl, or giring Account so by him given or declared, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, over and above the Tolls and Du- Account, ties payable, for such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, by virtue of this Act, and to be applied to the like Uses with such Tolls; and in such Case the said Col’e&or oi Collectors, or any other Person or Persons, shall, and he and they are hereby authorised, by virtue of a Warrant or Precept under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender lives, to levy and recover the said Forfeiture by Distress of any which m», he of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons where found $ and if the Owner and Owners of the lexica by Dif-(aid Goods and Chattels shall not pay the Sum or Sums so forfeited, within the Space of five Days, that trefil* then the said Goods and Chattels shall be appraised by proper Persons, and be sold by the salt) Collector 1

or Collectors, or other Person or Persons duly authorised, for the Payment of the said Forfeicuie; and the Overplus, if any, arising from such Sale, after the Sum or Sums so forfeited, and the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Goods and Chattels, are deducted, shall be returned to t

the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand; and in case the Person so offending shall not have fuflkient On Failure of Goods and Chattels, whereupon the said Forfeiture can be levied, it shall be lawful for the said Justice, or Distress, otf>n-any other Justice of the Peace for the said County, Liberty, or Place where the Offender lives, to commit der to bc com* the Person so offending to the House of Correction, the e to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the mtu

Space of one Month, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid and satisfird.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than one Half of the said Tolls shall Half Toll? only be demanded or taken by the said Commissioners on either of the said Lo^ds, till after the respective Sums to be paid till hereafter mentioned shall first have been expended in scouring and deepening the respective Loads, tnd certain Sums making good Towing paths, for the better Security and Improvement of Navigation therein, viz. the Sum th4Ubc laid of one hundred Pounds for the Benefit of the Battisham Navigation; one hundred and fifty Pounds for the Benefit of the Swaffham Navigation; and the Sum of three hundred Pounds for the Benefit of the Reach Navigation: But, immediately from and after the said respective Sum or Sums shall have been expended for the Improvement of the said Navigations, in all or any of the said Loads, or in making good the

Towing-

3#o' fC« 34*v/! Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

T^flg^potfattKcrcdf, It shall and may be lawful to and for thfc said Commissioners to demand and take the full Tbllsikereby imjlofed on all Goods* Wares, Merchandizes, of Commodities, that shall be carried or conveyed ‘up or down such Load or Loads, about or upon which such Sum or Sums hath or have been respectively expended; and which said Tolls shall be demanded, taken, and applied, in like Manner, and under the like Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Tolls and Duties are in any wise directed to be taken, levied, and applied, by virtue of this and the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual.

Toll atBuiwelT

IX. Provided always, knd be it further encted, That all ind all Manner of Persons navigating and Ke« carrying Goods up or down that Part of the Load commonly called Burwell New Load, from Vpwewe Sluice

to Powt Hall9 within the Limits aforesaid, shall pay one Moiety or Half Part of the Tolls herein-before directed to be paid on the Goods carried tip or down any of the said Loads, which said Tolls shall be levied and recovered hi the same Manner herein-before last mentioned; and shall also forfeit and pay the like Forfeiture or Penalty of forty Shillings on refusing to give an Account in Manner herein-before directed, or for giving an untrue Account to the Collector or Collectors, on Demand, of all or any Goods by him or them respectively carried, to be levied and recovered by Warrant of Distress, in like Manner as in such Case is herein-before directed 5 and shall also forfeit and pay the like Penalty and Penalties in case of Misbehaviour, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner, and for the (ante Purposes, except in such Cases where the Commissioners, at one of their quarterly Meetings, shall have compounded with any such Navigator, (o navigating up or down that Part of Burwell New Load aforesaid, (or a less Sum; which Competition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at finch Meeting, are hereby authorised and im powered so make.

Trustees im- X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissionera, powered to re- or any seven or more of them, at any of their quarterly Meetings aforesaid, shall have full Power and uce the Ton*. Authority, with the Consent of such Person or Persons who shall be then entitled to two Thirds of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the former and this present Act, from Time to Time to lefleo and reduce the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, for such Time as the said Cons mission era, or any seven of them, shall think proper; and such Tolls lessened or reduced shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manlier as the Toih and Taxes hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied 5 and also to raise the same again, as Occasion shall require, so as no greater Tells be at any Time demanded or taken than berevn-befarc directed and appointed to be taken.

V*f,pa? *nt0 And whereas, at the Time of passing the said Act hereby intended to be amended, many of the Lands Turf Pools, c,had been dug Into Hods or Tnrf Pools; and it was thought necessary for encouraging the Owners of such Lands to improve the same, that they should be charged with one Half of the Tax only wherewith dso tmaUetDpSy other Lands of the same Sort and Degree, not dug, should be charged, for the first seven Years: And

the whole whereas it appears that the said Term of seven Years, which is now expired, has not been fafficieot to

bringjhem into such a State as to enable the Owners thereof to pay the whok Tax, and it is therefore necessary a Power should be vested in the Commissioners to apportion the Taxes to be charged on such broken or dug Lands at different Times, in Proportion to the Improvements made thereinbe it there*

J® fone enacted, That no Lands or Grounds that are now dug out into any Hod or Turf Pools, except such

for fevu Years. as were levelled before the passing of this Act, shall, for the first seven Years next enfusag the Commencement thereof, be assessed or charged with more than one Half of the Tax wherewith the whole Lands of the same Sort or Degree are afielted and charged; but that at the End of the said seven Years it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five of them, at any Quarterly Meeting, if they (halt then be fully satisfied that all or any such broken or dug out Ground, from the Improvements made therein by the Drainage, ought to pay a higher Tax, to increase the Tax on all or any of such broken or dug out Lands so improved, as they shall judge just and reasonable, but so that the Rate or Tax set upon one Acre of such Land shall not exceed the Tax wherewith the whple Lands of the same Sort or Degree are assessed and charged.

Owners mty

XI. Provided always, That if any Owner or Occupier of such broken or dug out Lands shall think him-appeal. self aggrieved or injured by such increased Assessment so made by the said Commissioners, such Owners or

Occupiers may appeal unto the Justices of the Peace, at one of the two next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the said County of Cambridge, after such Assessment shall have been made, and not afterwards, giving twenty-one Days Notice of such Appeal to the Clerk to the said Commissioners; which said Justices are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine such Complaints, and give Relief therein as they shall see Cause, as also to award such Costs, to the Appellants or Respondents, as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

Power to appeal 4

XII. And whereas some Appeals, under the Afiortment of the Ad hereby intended to be amended,

froaa former were not settled by the said Commissioners to the general Satisfaction of all the Parties then complaining,

Afld&xnl,# 4 and some have thought themselves aggrieved by the Determination then made by the said Commissioners;’

be it therefore enacted, That all and every of the said Appellants are and shall be at Liberty to make a further Appeal to the said Commissioners, first giving Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within one Month after the passing of this Act, signifyine their Intention of appealing to the said Commissioners; and in such Notice they the said Appellants (hril specify and particularly set out such Lands, under the Afiortment against which they before appealed, that seem to be rated too low, in Proportion to their own; and the said Appellants shall be confined to their former Appeal, and not be at Liberty to complain of any others being under-rated than those they then mentioned; and within twenty Days next after such Notice of Appeal 10 given in Writing, and in Manner as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or five of them, are hereby required to meet for the Purpose of hearing and determining the -feid Appeals, either by making such Alterations, or not, in the Rates, or by taking so much Tax from the one, and adding it, or not, to the other, or in any other Manner, atto them shall seem most equal and just

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 34* 3^1

and in case the said Commissioners (half not, within forty Day* after such Appeal, deferrtlite the same, or rf any of the Parties shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, that then He, foe, or they may appeal unto the Justices of the Peace at one of the two next General Quarter Seffiorts t<5 be held for the said County of Cambridge, and not afterwards, giving at lead ten Days Notice thereof iit Writing to the said Clerk of the said Commissioners; which said Justices are hereby authorised and required to Hear and finally determine such Complaints, and give Relief therein as they shall see Cause, as also td adjudge and order such Costs to the Appellants or Respondents as to them shall seem reasonable; but if nd such Notice of Appeal, and in Manner as before directed, shall be given to the said Commissioners within ne Month after the pafltng of this Act, the Determination before made by the said Comrtiifllorifers iit the Case of Appeals, shall stand good, and be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and J Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. Provided always, That no Justice of the Peace shall have a Voice in the Determination of fudi Appeal, who has any littered*in any of the Fen Lands and LoW Grounds within the Limit* *s before described.

XV. And whereas under the former Act, and Powers therein gtvefi, the said Commissioners, in order to the Support, Reparation, and Maintenance of the Banks, and other Works, cre&ed and done for the f Preservation and general Service of the whole Level, have injured a Ground called The RuJb'Ground, id

the Parish of Ditton, now or late in the Occupation of Jarhes Priest, insomuch that the’ Arrears of TaX *- now due thereon cannot juffly be demanded be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to appoint two disinterested Persons, of competent Skill. Knowledge, and Judgment, to view the said Ground so injured; and in pursuaneg of the Report of the said two Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to reledfe, acquit, and dischargfe' diesaid Jariiet Priesty or the Proprietor of the said Ground, from the Payment of all or any Part of the Tafc that is now hi A«rear and due thereon.

XVI. And whereas the Lands called Adventure Lands, lying within the Limits of the District

herein described, are, besides the Tax assessed on them by the Commissioners (which Tats is as rtihcK 4 as many of them, from their Value, are able to bear), yet charged With, and always liable to be charged with, a Tax by the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens: And whereas it will be for the general Benefit of the draining the said District, that the several and respective Owners and Occupiers of such Adventure Lands should continue

in the Possession and Cultivation of the said Adventure Lands, and not forfeit or abandon the same for Nonpayment of either of the said Taxes be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five of them, having once after the passing of this Act obtained the Consent in Writing bf Two-thirds of the Creditors, in Value, to whom, or in Trust for whom, any Assignment has been already made of the Taxes raised, or to be raised, by virtue of the Act Hereby intended to be rendered more effedlua), may, and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, at any of their quarterly Meetings, to abate or remit so much of the Tax which shall have been assessed on aiTy of the said Adventure Lands annually, by virtue of this or the former Act, as shall appear to them necessary to prevent their being forfeited and abandoned for Non*payment of Taxes; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided neverthelefr, That they the said Commissioners shall at no Time, in any one Year, abate or remit more than the Amount of the Tax which now is, or may hereafter be charged on the said Lands for that Year, by the said Governor* Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of ConferVatots of the Great Level of the Fens.

XVIII. And whereas many of the Taxes laid on the Fen Lands and Low Grounds granted by the

former Act are now in Arrear, for want of sufficient Powers to enforce the regular Payment thereof;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so rated or taxed as aforesaid, shall re- fuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Tax charged upon him, her, or them respectively, within the Space of one Month after the respective Notices of the Times and Places of Payment appointed by the said Commissioners shall have been affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church in which such Lands shall lie, signed by the Collector or Receiver to the said Commissioners for the Time being, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the further Sum of Two-pence for every Shilling, and so in Proportion for every greater or lesser Sumy which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid; and it shall be lawful for such Collector or Receiver* or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of a Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered from Time to Time to make, as Occasion shall require), to levy the Sum or Sums so assessed, rated, and forfeited, by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon all or any of the Grounds and Premises so charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, if any Distress can be found thereon; and in case nb sufficient Distress can be found on the Premises, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Receiver, or other Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy the Sum or Sums so rated and in Arrear, by Distress and Sale or any Goodr and Chattels, belonging to such Person or Persons, which shall be- found upon any othe* Lands or Tenements lying within the Limits above described, and the Goods and Chattels so distrained to keep by the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Owner or Owners shall nor, within the Space of five Days, pay the Sum or Sums so forfeited, assessed, or rated, that then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish where the same shall be taken, or by any other two or more proper Persons, and be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus (if any be) arising from such Sale, after the Sum or Sums so forfeited, rated, and assessed, and thte reasonaWe Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress, are deducted, shall be returned

Justice* not to act where interested-

Satisfaction for. Injury done to the Ruth Ground.

Power to relieve the Proprietors of A 4 venture Lands,

Provife,

Persons refilling to pay Tines,

one Montis after Notice,

to forfeit Twopence for every Shilling in Arrear,

Taxes and Forfeitures may ha levied by Difo treft.

382

Tenants to pay the Taxes, and dcduft the same out of their Kents.

Grounds to remain a Security for Taxes,

*Qd maj be fold.

When Taxes A all be in Ax-fear for Commons,

the fald Commons may be

let.

or sold to the Bidder,

C. 34. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

to the Owner or Owners thereof^ upon Demand; and the several and respective Tenants of all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, bounded and described as aforesaid, which are or shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this or the former Act, are hereby required and authorised to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so assessed and charged upon such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and to deduct out of the Rent so much of the said Assessment or Rate, as the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or the Tenant or Tenants in respect thereof, is, are, or shall be assessed or rated at; and the Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respCCUve Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon Receipt of the Residue or their Rent; and every Tenant paying such Assessment or Rate shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment or Rate shall amount to, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Rents of such Lands or Grounds, except where there is a Lease for three or more Years to come from the Commencement of this Act, in which Case the Proportion of the Assessment or Rate, which the Tenant ought to bear and pay in Consideration of the Benefit he receives, shall be adjudged and awarded by five or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who have no Interest in the Premises so in Lease.

XIX. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Fen Linds and Low Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, and that no sufficient Diitrcfs can be found for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the said Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof, and all Goods and Chattels which wall at any Time thereafter be found thereon (except of such Person or Persons who shall occupy the same under or by virtue of a Hiring from the Commissioners) shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Time being, to let the same Lands and Grounds to be mown and fed, from Year to Year only, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same, and to take and receive the Rents and Profits thereof for the Use of the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, until all Arrears of the said Taxes, Rates, Penalties, and Charges, shall be fully satisfied and paid, rendering the Overplus of such Rents and Profits (if any), after discharging such Arrears, upon Demand, to the Owner and Owners of such Lands and Grounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any of the said Rates and Taxes hereafter to be imposed and set by virtue of this Act, or which have been assessed or imposed by virtue of the said Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, shall hereafter be, or heretofore have been, in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of two whole Years together, then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their Quarterly Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to fell to the best Bidder, at a public Auction, so much of the said Lands and Grounds, in respect of which any Tax shall be so in Arrear, as shall be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Arrears of Taxes, and also the Penalties incurred for Nonpayment thereof as aforesaid, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said Commissioners, without Stamps; and also, if all or any Part of the said Lands on which the Taxes already set and imposed, or hereafter to be set and imposed, cannot be sold at such Auction for the Amount of the Rates, Taxes, and Penalties, due thereon, then to sell the same for the best Price that can begotten for them, freed and discharged from such Rates, Taxes, and Penalties, which at any Time before such Sale they shall have been rated and charged with by virtue of this present Act, or the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual; and every such Grant or Conveyance so made shall be valid and effectual, and the Person or Persons to whom such Sale shall be made shall be a lawful Purchaser of so much of the said Lands or Grounds as shall be so fold, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXI. And whereas many Difficulties have arisen with regard to the Taxes due on certain Lands

called Commons, within the Limits aforesaid, many of which said Taxes are {till unpaid and in Arrear, on ‘ Account of the Commissioners not being able to ascertain or particularly set out the exact Limits or Bounds of the same, the said Commons having never been held in Severalty, but lying intermixed, and being fed and depastured in common with other Grounds, by Means whereof the distraining on such Lands, foe Notmayment of the Taxes due thereon, becomes very unsafe and hazardous, and the general Drainage of the Level, by reason of the said Taxes being unpaid and in Arrear, is greatly impeded; to remedy which Evils/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Tax or Taxes, Rate or Rates, is, are* of shall be in Arrear and due, for or in respect of any such Common or Commons, Part or Parts of Common, within the Limits aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Time being, to let such Common or Commons, Part or Parts of Common, without identifying or setting out the same by Metes, or any other Bounds or Description, than specifying the Owner or Owners Name, from Year to Year, only, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same* and to take the Rents and Profits thereof, for the Use of the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, until all Arfears of the said Taxes, Rates. Penalties, and Charges, shall oe fully paid and satisfied, rendering the Overplus of such Rents and Profits, if any, after discharging such Arrears> upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Common or Commons, Part or Parts of Common.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Rates and Taxes on the said Common or Commons, or Part or Parts of Common, hereafter to be imposed and set by virtue of this Act, or which have been assessed or imposed by virtue of the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, shall hereafter be, or heretofore have been, in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of two whole Years together, then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their quarterly Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to fell to the best Bidder, at a public Aifction, for the best Price that can be gotten, all and every the said Common and Commons, Part or Parts of Common, in respect of which any Tax shall be so in Arrear, to raise such Taxes, Penalties, and Expences, or any or either of them, incurred by Nonpayment and Sale thereof as aforesaid, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of

383

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 34.

five or more of the said Commissioners, without Stamps, freed and discharged from all and every of the Rates, Taxes, and Penalties, charged or rated upon the same, by the said Commissioners before such Sale thereof; and every Grant or Conveyance so made shall be valid and effectual, and the Person or Persons to whom such Sale shall be made shall be a lawful Purchaser of the said Common or Commons, or Part or Parts of Common, as shall be so fold, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall give public Notice, from Time to Time, of Public Notice the Sale of the Lands and Commons for which any Tax or Penalty is or shall be in Arrear, by affixing fcrbe given of openly on the several Church Doors of the several Parishes within the Limits of the said District, a Schedule Sale,#

on Parchment, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five of them, three Sundays at the lead preceding such Sale, containing such Lands and Commons, or Part or Parts of Common, in the said District, for which any Tax or Penalty is or shall be in Arrear, with the Name and Names of the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, if the same are known to the said Commissioners, wkh the Sum or Sums due thereon for the Tax and Penalty; and if the Owner or Owners of any of the said Lands are not known to the said Commissioners, then the same shall be set out and described in the said Schedule by their Abuttals; and that all Sales of Lands and Commons, or Part or Parts of Common, made in pursuance of such Notice, and in Manner herein-before directed, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Thing contained in this, or the Act hereby intended to be amended, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, That if any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds herein-before directed to be How Money fold for Nonpayment of the Taxes due thereon, shall be Adventure Lands, in every such Case the Monies Paid Jor *d*CB: arising from the Sale thereof shall, in the first Place, be applied by the Commissioners in discharging the ikd Taxes due thereon to the Corporation of Bedford Level5 in the next Place, the reasonable Charges of the e pp Commissioners attending such Sale; and that if any Surplus shall remain after the Payment of the Taxes,

and also the Charges attending such Sale, the same shall be applied in discharging all or so much of the Taxes as shall be due to the said Commissioners on the said Premises.

XXV. Provided also, That if any of the said Lands or Grounds so fold for Nonpayment of Taxes be Dee^fluUbe Adventure Lands, in every such Case, the Deed, Writing, or Instrument, purporting to be a Sale thereof refiftatS. from the said Commissioners, shall be registered in the lilt? Manner as Conveyances of the ninety-five thousand Acres of Adventure Land are directed to be registered, by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.

XXVI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Land*, whe«

impower the said Commissioners to discharge such Lands and Commons, or any Part thereof, from any fold, to be liable Rates or Taxes wherewith the same shall, after Sale thereof as aforesaid, be liable to be rated or assessed; *o Taxe* by this but that the said Lands and Commons, or Part or Parts of Common, after they are so fold, shall be rated thcf®rmer

or assessed in such Manner as other Lands and Grounds of the like Kind and Degree shall be assessed; ex- 1

cept, nevertheless, with respect to the Adventure Lands, or any Part thereof, that the said Commissioners shall, after such Sale, remain vested with the Power and Authority given by this Act, of abating and remitting so much of the Tax as shall appear to them necessary for preventing the same from being forfeited and abandoned for Nonpayment of the Tax.

XXVII. Provided also, That nothing contained in the Power hereby given to the Commissioners to fell and by Act the said Adventure Lands, for the Nonpayment of the Tax imposed by this present Act, or the Act 15 Cm. II. hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exonerate or discharge such Lands so sold, from any Tax or Taxes that shall or may, after the Sale thereof,

be imposed by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels but that all Purchasers thereof shall have and enjoy the same, subject thereto.

XXVIII. And, the better to enable the said Commissioners to borrow such further Sums of Money as Commi/noneri will be Sufficient to complete the Works necessary for the draining and Improvement of the said Fen m*y borrow

Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation through the same be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than seven, assembled at any Public Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow any sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary, for the making, carrying on, or completing, repairing, and preserving of such Works; and by Writing under and iflign the their Hands and seals, without Stamps, to assign over the said yearly Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, hereby Rat«a»aSe-charged and to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation, and every or any curlt>

Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of the Assignments to be paid out of the said Taxes), as a Security for Repayment of such Sum or Sums, with Interest, not exceeding five Pounds ter Centum, per Annum, to x

the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees; which Money so to be borrowed shall, in the first Place, be applied to defray the Expences of obtaining this present Act, and all Proceedings preparatory thereto, and other incidental Charges attending the same; and the Residue of the Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in making and repairing, such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Funnels, and Outlets, and erecting such Works and Engines, as may be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Tolls, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money Moolet assessed to be assessed by virtue of this Act upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation, shall be thi* aq, charged and chargeable, in the first Place, with the Payment of the Principal Money already borrowed by pharged wirfh virtue of the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, and in the next Place with Pn^ip"i and the Money which shall be hereafter borrowed by virtue of the some, or of this Act, and the Interest of imertft.

38+

Assignmentf may be transferred.

Transfen to be en eied in i Book.

WJjeo Cattle

are driven a*ajrf and Goods re-movr^, tft pre-▼ nt Recovery / Taie*,

they nay be

diRrained else-where.

Persons ctiggrog Tuis-pits irn-jrojxity.

to forfeit *01* for every thou-fcai of Tuifs.

C. 34:. Anno decimo non© Georgii III. A.B. 1779;

such Money from Time to Time, and the same shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon the Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Iptenest thereof; find the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, relpefitively, shall have the same Power, Rights, and Privileges of raising and recovering the several lolls. Taxes, and Sums of Money, payable by the federal Owners and Occupier* of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigations, for and in respe&of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Collectors, would have had in case the said Principal, and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid; any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further en a filed, That every Person to whom any Alignment of the said Tolls, Rates, and Taxes, shall be made, for Securing any such Sum or Sums of Money lent as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to the Money thereby /ecured, shall have full Power, from Time to Time, by Indorsement on the original Grant or Security, without Stamps, under his or her Hand and Seal, attested in the Presence of two credible Witnesses, to assign or transfer the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk or Treasurer is hereby required to make, upon producing such Assignpient, and Payment of one Shilling for the said Entry), shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the said Principal Sum, and all the Interest due or to grow due thereupon $ and such Affiance or Assignees may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quotas., as Occasion shall require, every such Alignment being entered as aforesaid.

XXXI. And whereas it happens that Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the said District, to

avpid the Payment of the Taxes charged thereon, as also the Charges of making, scouring, and clean- sing, the Ditches belonging to their respefilive Grounds within the Limits of the said Act, do drive their Cattle, and remove their other Property from off the Lands and Premises charged therewith, fp that no Distress can be found thereon, or upon any other Lands or Tenements in the Occupation of the Person or Persons charged w'uh such Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, lying within the Limits of the said

Distrifil, whereupon to levy the said Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, whereby the same often remain ‘ a long Time in Arrear, to the great Prejudice and Delay of the said Undertaking; for Remedy whereof/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Taxes, or Money laid out by the Officer, with the Direction of the Commissioners, in making, fcowering, and cleanfingany Ditch belonging to any Ground or Premises within the Limits of the said Act, and which shall have been neglected 10 have been dope by the Owner or Occupier thereof, upon Notice given for that Purpose, as in and by the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual is direfited, and no sufficient Distress shall be found whereop to levy the same, wiihio the Limit* of the said Afit, then and in every such Case, where the Owner or Occupier of such Grounds or Ditches have removed, or caused to be removed, his or her Cattle or Goods from off the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors of the said Taxes, appointed and to be appointed in pursuance of the said former Act, £nd they are hereby im-poweted, after a Demand being first made, and a Refusal or Neglefifc of Payment thereof, by a Precept or Warrant under the Hands of any two or more of the said Commissioners, to levy the same, or any Part, by Distress and Sale (made in the like Manner as any other Distress and Sale herein directed) of any the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so charged with such Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money as aforesaid, wheresoever and whensoever any such Goods and Chattels shall be found, together with the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons so charged respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall dig or cause to be dug any Bods, Culpins, or Turfs, or any Thing in the Nature of Turf, in any of the Fen Lands or Low Grounds taxed by virtue of this Act, except it be in Partition Dykes already made, or which hereafter may be made with the Approbation and Consent of any five or more of the Commissioners, in Writing under their Hands, for dividing any Grounds into Pieces, such Pieces not to consist of less than five Acres; or in any small Dyke whidvrpay hereafter be made with the like Approbation of the Commissioners, round any Ground containing not left than four Acres at least, for the Preservation of Osier Holts, Quicks, and Wood Plantations only, apd whiofi fcpall Dykes shall at no Time exceed eight Feet in Width; or in Commonable Places where Turf has been usually dug; such Hods, Culpins, or Turfs, so dug out of the Fen called Poor’s Fon, to be spent and consumed only in the Township or Parish within the Distrifit where the same shall be respectively dug, and such Hods, Culpins, and Turf so dug out of any other Place than the Poo/s Pen, to be spent and consumed any where else within the Distrifif aforesaid, but not out of the Bounds and Precinfits of the same, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for every thousand of Turf otherwise fold^ given, or spent) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Seller, Giver, or Per-fop who carries the same away, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cambridge, in the like Manner as any other Penalty is herein rfirefitod to be levied; which said Penalty is hereby direfited to be given to the Informer: And if any Hods, Culpins, or Turf, shall be dug within the said Distrifit otherwise than as aforesaid, every such Digger, Owner, or Occupier of the Ground from whence (iich Hods, Culp ns, or Turf were dug, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every thousand of Turf so dug, to be levied in the like Manner before direfiled; and it shall and maybe lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of any two or more of the Commissioners, to go upon the Premises, and to throw the said Hods, Culpins, or Tutfs so cut, into the Pits or Places from whence the same were dug and taken, and to fill the said Pool* or Pits with the said Tqrf, pr other Earth which shall have been taken thereout; the Expences attending the filling up and levelling the Pits or Places so dug, to be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who hath or bate dug or cut the same fcefpefitively, and in Default of Payment to be levied in like Manner

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 34. 385

Manner as any Penalty or Penalties herein-before mentioned are directed to be levied, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Levy and Seizure.

XXXIII. And whereas the said Commissioners have been obliged, for the better Preservation and Se- The new Banks curiry of the said Distri<5l, at a very great Expence, to ere# and support a Cross Bank from the Point of Usei*

of Reach Dock, on the South Side of Reach Load, to the River Bank near the Sluice at Upwere, which Traveller*.

Bank, and also the Banks on the Sides of Suuaffham and Botti/ham Loads, though intended only for the Preservation and Security of the said Distri&s, are nevertheless made of public Utility to Travellers and others, who frequently pass and repass thereon, without making any Compensation for the Damage they do to the same;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to provide a proper Power to craft Fund effectually to raise, strengthen and maintain the said Banks, which the said Commissioners and their Turnpike* Successors are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time to do, the said Commissioners, or any &* five or more of them, shall be, and are hereby authorised to erect a Turnpike or Toll-house at such Place, or Places on each of the said Banks as they shall judge'most convenient, and thereat to demand and take as a Toll, before any Cattle whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, the Sum* following; (that is to say)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ass, or other Beast, the Sum of One Penny. The Td&H

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score and so in Pro*2-portion for any greater or less Number:

Which respective. Sum or Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, and as a Toll', and shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (halt appoint to collect the same; and the Money so to be raised is hereby veiled in^he said Commissioners, and shall be applied in such Manner as is before directed; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the same, it shall be lawfuf for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect the said Tolls, to seize and detain any Horse or other Beast, upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of such Person* or Persons so neglecting or refusing; and if such Toll, and reasonable Charges of such seizing and detaining, shall not be paid within the Space of five Days, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, to fell the Horses, Beads, or Goods, or any of them, so seized and distrained, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner thereof, upon Demand, after such Toll, and all reasonable Charges, (ball» be dedudUd; and if any Person or Persons subject to any of the said Tolls as aforesaid, shall evade the Payment thereof, by violently riding or forcing through the said Turnpike or Gater or other wise howfdevety and thereby prevent the Person or Persons appointed to receive the Tolls from distraining or securing the Horse, Beast, Goods, or Chattels, of such Person, that then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the reace! for the County of Cambridge, or any Justice of the Peace for the Liberty or Place where the Offender lives, on Complaint made on Oath, to issue his Warrant, and cause the said Offender to be brought before him, or any other Justice of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, or County, Libert}', or Place where the Offenoer lives, and on Proof of the said Offence, by the Oath of the said Person or Persons appointed to receive the said Tolls, or any other credible Witness, and on full Conviction of the Offence, by Wrinngf under his Hand and Sepl, to order the said Offender to be imprtfoned for any Time not exceeding fever*

Days, unless such Offender shall in the mean Time have made full Satisfaction and Amends to the said Commissioners; and before such Offender shall be discharged, a Certificate of the same, under the Hand9 of five or more of the said Commissioners, verified on Oath by a credible Witness, shall be produced to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where such Offender shall be committed; and on producing the same, such Justice is hereby impowered, by Writing under his Hand, to discharge the said

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Fowgrtoereft five or more of them, to cause to be made and erected such Fences as they shall think proper, and of such Fence* to pre-Length as they shall think necessary, on the Side of such Gate or Gates as shall be crcdted by virtue of this ^!"thevad,l,g Act, to prevent Persons evading the Payment of the Toils hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons p°B#1*y on de-shall damage or destroy any such Fence, every such Person shall pay the Expence of repairing and restoring flrojiniFence*, such Fence, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in Writing under their Hands, a Duplicate of which shall be served on the Person or Persons so offending, by leaving the same at his, her, or their last Place of Abode; and if such Person or Persons shall not, within three Days after Service thereof, pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum so ascertained as aforesaid, he, she, or they shaft forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the Sum so appertained; which said Expenres and Penalty shall and may, upon Oath made of the Fa6ls by one Witness, bej levied and recovered, in the same Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be* levied and recovered; which Penalry shall be applied towards carrying on the Expetice of heightening and strengthening the Lid Banks.

XXXV. Provided always, That no Toll shall be taken for any Horse baling Boats in the said Loads, or Exeroptfor* from any Passenger on Horseback going to, or returning from, any of the said Grounds lying in the said from Toll*. District, or fur any Beast or Beads, Sheep, or other Cattle, going to, or returning from, raft a re therein.

XXXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall daim and take Benefit of Penalty 00 any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, such Person shall, for every such Offence; claiming Exforfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in the like Manner as any other Vetralty is herein *n^tlon, directed to be recovered, to be applied towards the Expence of heightening and strengthening the said Ju Banks.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

The OJ-rk my *>; otd Meet-

Fear ublie Meeting! to be held in each Year,

In case of Non-attendance, new Commissioners may be appointed.

There being only three Commissioners for Bot-lilhazs

another shall be appointed.

For improving the Commonable Parts of the Lands,

Fen Reeves may direct the Management thereof*

C. 34.

A.D. 1779.

XXXVII. And whereas, the Provisions of the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered

more effectual, no Adjournment can be made but by Order of five Commissioners assembled as therein dirtfted; which has frequently been attended with great Inconveniences in the Execution of the said Act,

five Commissioners having not been able at all Times to attend y be it therefore enacted, That if it shall happen there shall not appear at any such Meeting five of the said Commissioners to act, or adjourn the said Meeting to any other Time or Place, it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners, Qr% if no Commissioner attends, for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or any Person acting for and in his Name, to adjourn the said Meeting to, and appoint the Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day Sevennight, and so from Time to Time till a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall attend.

XXXVIII. And whereas, in pursuance of the former Act, only two publio Meetings were held in c every Year, which have been found inadequate to the Purposes of the said Act \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better putting this present Act in Execution, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them* shall meet four Times in every Year, videlicet, the second Wednesday in "January, the second Wednesday in Aprils the second Wednesday in July, and the second Wednesday in Otlcber, at the Swan, or principal Inn or Public House in Bottisham, unless Notice in Writing, signed by any five or more of them, be affixed upon the Church Door, or Church-yard Gate, of every the respective Towns or Parishes, six Days at lead before such intended Meeting, and be also read in the respective Churches, on some Lord’s Day immediately after Divine Service ended, appointing fnme other Place for such Quarterly Meetings as aforesaid; the first Meeting to be at the Swan in Bottisham, upon the third Wednesday after paflin|; this Act; but the said Commissioners, or any two or one of them (in case two do not attend) or their Clerk, may adjourn, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment, as often as shall be thought necessary, without giving such Notice as aforesaid.

r c

XXXIX. And whereas, on account of the Nonattendance of a sufficient Number of Commissioners, c many Inconveniencies have arisen be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen any Commissioner shall absent himself from all the Meetings during the Space of twelve Months together, or shall refuse or neglect to act during the Space of twelve Months together; or if any Commissioner, desirous to resign his Office, shall give ten Days Notice thereof in Writing to the Commissioners, or any five of them, before any of their Meetings, in every such Case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are impowered to give Notice in Writing of such Nonattendance, or Refusal or Neglect to act, or Desire of Resignation, to the Parish or Township for which such Person is a Commissioner, by eaufing the same to be publicly read in the Church belonging to such Parish or Town, at least ten Days before the next Quarterly Meeting; and then it shall be lawful to and for the several Persons qualified to left Commissioners for such Parish or Township, to meet and elect another Commissioner, pursuant to the Regulations and Directions in the Act hereby intended to be rendered more effectual; and if the said Persons shall not choose a new Commissioner Wore the next Quarterly Meeting, after Notice received from the Commissioners, then it shall be lawful for the rest of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at their next or any future Quarterly Meeting, to elect a new Commissioner, out of such Parish or Town; which said Commissioner, so chosen and appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be and is hereby veiled with the like Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, and shall and may aft in the Execution of this Act as fully as any Commissioner under the Act hereby intended to be amended is impowered to do; but if no such Notice in Manner aforesaid be given by the Commissioners, to the Parish or Township in respect of which the Person so desirous to resign, or who has neglected or refused to act, or who has absented himself from the Meetings for twelve Months together, is a Commissioner, then every such Commissioner, notwithstanding his Nonattendance, Neglect or Refusal, or Notice of Resignation, shall, still continue to be and aft as a Commissioner, in the same Manner as before; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

c XL. And whereas at present there are only three Commissioners appointed for the Parish of Bottijbamt

which not being altogether in Proportion to the Quantity of Land lying within the said Parifll, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Aesthete shall be appointed four Commissioners for the Parish of Bottisham\ and that it shall be lawful for the several and respective Persons qualified by this Act to elect Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at the next and every succeeding General Election of Commissioners, to elect and chufefour Commissioners for the said Parish; and that until such next General Election, John Forlow, Esquire, the present Mayor of the own of Cambridge, shall, and is hereby appointed to act as the fourth Commissioner for the said Parish, and is hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as any other Commissioner for putting, this Act in Execution.

XLI. And, for the better Improvement and more orderly Management of the Commonable Parts of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and also of that Part of the Fen lying between Swans Lake and

Hoad, Lake, called The Low Fen, The Little Feny The Sedge Fen, and The Turf Bars, belonging to the

Township of Swaffham Prior; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fen Reeves chosen, as directed by the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, for such Parish or Parishes which have Commonable Parts belonging to them, shall be, and are hereby impowered, with the Consent of the Owners of the major Part of such Commonable Rights, assembled in Vestry, or at the usual Place of Meeting in each Parish for the transacting of public Business, on or before the last Day of March in every Year (Notice of such Meeting being first given in Church, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service is ended, ten Days at least before such Meeting), to set out by Metes and Bounds, or other-ways, what Part or Part9 of the several and respective Commons in such Parish or Parishes shall be fed, and what Part or Parts thereof shall be kept for mowing for that Year and what Quantity of Ground each Commoner shall mow* according to his Number of Common Rights; and also tolimit a Time for getting

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

c. 34* 3*7

the Crop, not later than the first Day of August\ and to order what Stock each Commoner shall keep less on the Common, for the Acre or Actes so agreed to be mown for that Year and also it shall and may be lawful for the Fen Reeves for the Town of Swaffham Prior, chosen as aforesaid, and assembled in the Schodl-house or usual Place of Meeting in the said Town, upon like Notice g^ven as before directed, by and with the Consent of the Owners of the major Part of the Lots or Dolvars in the said Fens called The Low Fen, The Little Fen, The Sedge Fen> and The Turf Bars, there and then assembled, to direct and appoint the said Fens, or such Part or Parts thereof, to be fed, as to the said Fen Reeves, and such Owners as aforesaid so assembled, shall seem most for the Benefit of all the Owners or Occupiers thereof in general; and it shall and may be lawful also for the said Fen Reeves, and such Owners as aforesaid so assembled, to fix and direct the Time and Manner of feeding the said Fens, and proportion the Quantity of Stock each

Person shall keep, according to the Number of his Lots or Dolvars, and the' Goodness thereof.

XLII. Provided always, That if the said respective Fen Reeves and Owners of all or any of the said The Commit Parishes or Townships cannot agree, at any such Meeting or Meetings so to be held as aforesaid, about flonert may as* the Manner of feeding or mowing the said Commons, or Parts of the said Fens, or touching any other tera,l,e Matters relative to the Regulation thereof, the said Fen Reeves or Owners shall apply to the Commission~ rfncf% ers; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five of them, at any of their Meetings, to enquire into the Differences that have arisen, and after hearing the several Matters in Dispute, and examining a Witness or Witnesses thereon on Oath (which said Oath the said Commissioners are hereby, impowered to administer), finally at such Meeting to adjudge and determine the same, by Writing under their Hands.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fen Reeves of every respective CattTe feeding Parish or Town shall be, and they are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to impound all to

Sheep, Horses, Mules, Asses, Beads, and Cattle of every Kind, that, contrary to such Agreement or Agreements, or Adjudication of the said Fen Reeves and Owners, fb made or settled as aforesaid, shall be fed-and depaflured, or found in or upon any of the Drove-ways within the Limits aforesaid, or upon such Commons or Parts of the said Fens so agreed to be mown or fed, except such Cattle as shall be driving directly to or from any the several Grounds in the said Fens, in the Occupation of the Owner or Owners of such Cattle, and to take for every Sheep so feeding or depasturing Three-pence per Head, and for every Horse or other Bead one Shilling; and if the Owner or Owners of such Sheep or other Bead shall not, within three Days after the same shall be impounded, pay to the said Fen Reeves the Sum so charged on such Cattle, it may and shall be lawful for the said Fen Reeves to felt any such Sheep or other Bealf, and return the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Penalty, and all reasonable Charges, shall be deduced.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person, under Pretence of driving his Sheep, or any other Cattle, to his.several Grounds, shall flop or flay the same to feed or depadure on any of the said Drove-ways, or other Grounds, so agreed to be mown or fed; or if any Sheep or Cattle shall be found without a Driver or Keeper, in or upon any of the said Drove-ways, or such other Grounds; or if any Person shall claim and take Benefit of the Exemption aforesaid, not entitled thereto, every such Person, or Owner of such Sheep or other Cattle, shall, over and above the Penalty before directed to be levied, pay and ftxv feit the Sum of forty Shillings; which said Penalty and Forfeiture shall and may be levied and recovered* in the same Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is by this A6i directed to be levied and recovered ? and one Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards carrying on the said Works of Draining, and other Purposes of this Act.

XLV. And, for the better preserving of all the said Drove-ways, and the said Low Fen, Little Fen9 *'Sedge Fen, and Turf Bars be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall at any Time cut any Sedge,*

Reed, Fodder, Litter, or Produce whatsoever, growing or being thereon, under the Penalty of ten Shillings for every hundred of Sedge or Reed, and the like Sum of ten Shillings for every Half Load of Fodder,

Litter, or other Produce (b cut, without Leav first obtained from, and also under the Direction of the said Fert Reeve, in Writing, to be levied by Distress and Sale (made in the like Manner as any other Distress and Sale herein directed) of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Person who shall cut or carry away the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of anvjustice of the Peace for the said County of Cambridge, or the County, Liberty, or Place, where the Offender lives, such Penalty to be paid to the Informer; and in case the Person so offending /Hall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereupon the said Penalty can be levied, it shall be lawful for the said Justice, or any other Justrce of the Peacte for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the Offender lives, to commit the Person so offending to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail for the Space of one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid: And it shall and may be lawful for the Fen Reeves, and they are hereby required to cause all and every the said Drove-ways to be amended, and the common Ditches belonging thereto, and also those belonging to Low Fen% Little Fen, Sedge Fen9 and Turf Bars, to be cleaned and scoured out* and also to make new Cuts* and do all other Works that may be necessary for carrying off the Waters, and improving the said Fens; and the said several Fen Reeves, who have served the Office of Fen Reeve, shall, on public Notice given in their respective Churches ten Days at lead before the Expiration of their Office, give a full, true, and perfect Account of all such Monies as have been received and disbursed by them in the Execution of their Office, to such Owners and Occupiers of Commonable Rights and Dolvars as shall then be assembled; who are hereby authorised and required to grant the said Fen Reeves a Rate on all and every of the several and respective Owners and Occupiers in each Parish or Township, according to the-Number or Parts of such Commonable Rights in each Parish, or of Dojvars in the Township of Swaffham Prior (qotless than two whereof, with the Sedge and Tdrf Fen Parts belonging to the same, or at least ten Acres of Ground in the said Fens of Swaffham Prior, shall be deemed a whole Right), that every such Person shall be possessed of or occupy 9 which said Rate being allowed by one Justice of the County of Cambridge*

Cattle stall noI flop to deia^ tore on the Ground* &f»

wider the Penary of 40 at

Sedge, Ste, net to be cut in cev* tain Places witlfr* out Leave,

Fen Reeve* cause Drove* ways to be mended, ami Ditches to be (canted.

338

Charge on a Cnmmcnabla Right not to exceed 3 t. Commissioners r*ay appoint Fen ILeeves, if F^iifhea neglect it.

Commissionera may take Earth from Boutei or WaOi<r, making SatJffaOiori tr the Owner#.

Punishment for

destroying

Work#.

Th« left Claus*

not to ioeaJUUte the-former A^«

Proceed!nri not ftp bo qoaiied for want of Form, nor removed into any Court of Record*

Saving the * Right# o(C«a» fgrvaton*

C. 34. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

bridge% rtay, in case of Refuftl or Neglect of Payment, be levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons charged therewith, made in the like Manner as any other Distress and Saif He rein-before directed.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fen Reeve, in any of the said Par i (lies or Town-ships* shall brings Charge, upon any Right deemed Or to be deemed a Commonable Right, that shall exceed three Shillings to amy one Year.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Inhabitants of all or any of the Parishes or Townships wkhin the Limits* aforesaid, shall refuse or nee’eft to chuse the Fen Reeves at the Time appointed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful in such Case for the said Commissioners, or any five of them* at any of their quarterly Meetings, to appoint such Person or Persons as to them shall seem proper for the Office, ia every such Patkfh or Town where such Fen Reeve or Fen Reeves had not been chosen unde* fife' Rireftiotiof the Act hereby* intended to be amended and rendered more effectual; and the Fen Reeve 9F Fen Reeves fb chosen and appointed by the said Commission erf v for all or any of the said Parishes or

Towns, shall have the same Powers, and may aft in the Office of Fen Reeve as fully, to all Intents and urposes» as the Fen Reeves chosen and appointed by the Inhabitants of the other Parishes or Towns are empowered under the said Act to do.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for the better procuring Earth proper for the repairing the Banks within the said District, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, qr apy nve of them; or for their Officers dnd Workmen, to take and use any Earth from the Ground* called The Boutes or Washes, so that they do not take the same at a less Difiance than five Yards from the Weft-or East Bank of the River Grant \ the Commissioners setting a Value upon the Lands so taken, and Riving Notice in Writing of the Value thereof j and if the Owner of the Land shall not approve of the Value feted by the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for him or her to apply to the next General Quarter Sfrffion|of the Peace to be held for the County of Cambridge, giving fourteen Days Notice at the lead of such Appeal to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or, ifsufficient Time shall not intervene between the Notice given by the Commissioners, and the Quarter Session immediately ensuing, in such Case the Application £>ay be made to the next subsequent Quarter Session of the Peace, but not afterwards, giving the like Notice of such Application; and the Justices at the said Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear afxhfitadiv determine all and Angular the Matters in Difference, and give such Relief in the Premises as they shall think just, and adjudge such Cofis to such of the Parties as they shall deem reasonable and proper-

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or maliciously destroy, (top, dam up, spoil, or damage, any Drain, Watercourse, Tunnel, or Bridge^ made, or to be made; or shall lay, or throw, or place any Rubbish, or any other Obstruction thereifti or cause, procure, or hire any Person to lay, throw, or place any Rubbish therein j or shall wilfully fpoU, damage, obfiruft, or impede any Work or Works made or done, or which may hereafter be made, done, or set about, under the Direction of the said Commissioners for the better Security of the Dreiftibg, within the Lipitts aforesaid, it shall be- lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of CaihbrHfyiy or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the Offender lives, on Complaint on Oath, by hi* Warrant, to cause the said Offender to be brought before him, and on Conviction of the Fafts, on the Oath of one Witness, to direct and order such Offender to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding one Month, and before his or her Discharge to be publicly whipped through the Parish or Town where the Offence was committed

L. Provided nevertheless, That nothing contained in the last Clause shall extend to invalidate or repeal the Clause contained in the said Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, with respect to the cutting^ throwing down, or destroying, any Bank, Mill, Engine, Floodgate, or Sluice, as irf the said Act is mentioned; but the said Clause shall stand in Force and Effect, any Thing herein contained to tht contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or bad for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distrcfe shall be made, for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespassfer or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterward* done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Perforr* aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

LII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or anf Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be con (trued to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or takeaway, any or the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vetted in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue of the said Act of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which, by virtue of the said Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vetted in the said Governor, Bailiffs* and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 35. 3S9

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or pro- Limitation of fecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or AcUyas*

Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and shall be hid or

brought in the County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action. or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may juffify and avow generally, by vir- General JTue. tue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fadl alleged in such Action or Suit to have been /done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act:

And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise, then and in any of the said Cases the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants,

shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have a like Remedy as where Colts by Law aie Treble Costs. awarded.

LIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, made in the seventh Aft7Of0.ni, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen to rermin in Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford *orce>

Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, H'ejf and the Hard Lands

of Bnttisham, SwafTham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, Raft \ and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level,

to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits oforefhid, compionly called Inverted Lands; and all the Powers

and Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein

contained, shall remain, continue, and be in fuli Force and Effect, as fully and effectually, to all Iments

and Purposes, as if the same had been herein again repeatestand re-enacted, except the Alterations and where

Amendments which have been made therein by virtue of this present Act. altered.

LV. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed a public Act; public AO. 2nd all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby r$q,uired to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland; and to permit the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regula- x

tions as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America is permitted to be imported.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS it is of the greatest Importance to the Strength and Security of these Kingdoms, that every Attention and Encouragement should be given to such of the Produce and Manufacturd of the Kingdom of Ireland as do not materially interfere with the commercial Interests of Great Britain:

And whereas by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for prohibiting the plantingyfelting, or sowing, of Tobacco in England or Ireland), and by divers other Acts since passed, the Culture of Tobacco within the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Exportation of the same from thence, is prohibited be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by So much of two and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Arts of 12 mi Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of May, 15 Car if. one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, so much of two several Acts of Parliament, the one made or of ot.h*r in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for prohibiting the plant- thi57CnYom, ing* setting\ or sowing, of Tobacco in England or Ireland j; and the other made in the fifteenth Year of the whion on-hibus Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade); or of any other the phnnng, Act made in this Kingdom, which prohibits or restrains the setting, planting, or improving to grow, Ccc.of i'tbacc* making, or curing Tobacco, either in Seed, Plant, or otherwise, in the Kingdom of Ireland, shall be, 10 ,/jand' rc~ and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void. pea c

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tobacco the Growth, Product, Irl/h Tobacco to

or Manufacture of Ireland\ shall be exported from thence to any Port or Place whatsoever out of the said exported to Kingdom of Ireland, except to Great Britain \ under the like Securities, Penalties, and l'oifeitures, as are ^7*! ^o-r°the prescribed in an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled An ^ejinties^kc. Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation j, with respect to Tobacco, and ether enu- pmcribed in the me rated Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any of the Engl if Plantations therein men- Navigation Act tioned. 12

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Tobacco the Growth, The Duty of Product, or Manufactures of Ireland, shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel, at any Port or Place what- Omo-uo* soever within the said Kingdom of Ireland, in order to be conveyed from thence imo Great Britain, the

Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at such Pore or Place wheic such To- nf To-

bacco shall be laden, shall, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vessel, by the proper Offhers of b*c o torEx-the Customs appointed for that Purpose, deliver to the Master, Commander, or = the* Pc; foil raking Charge r#rutian* of any such Ship or Vessel, a Manifest or Content in Writing, under his and their Hands and Seal of Office, which shall contain a true Account of all the Tobacco laden on board every such Ship or Vessel, ^ith the

39°

Penalty on Neglect thereof.

Every Commander of a Vessel exporting Jrifc Tobacco shall, on hit Arrival at a British Port, deliver to the Collector the Manifest or Content of hit Lading which he received at the Port of Lading in Ireland. Penalty on Nc-glect thereof. Irith Tobacco shall not be imported into Great Britain in Calks, &c. containing less than 450 lb.; and shall be liable to the same Duties, Drawbacks, &c. »s Tobacco the Growth of the British Colonies in America.

[Preamble.]

After June 24,

1779, the following Premiums to be paid on the Importation of Irish Hempj

videlicet.

For the first seven Years, 8l. per Ton $ for the neat seven Years, 61. per Ton; and for the following seven Years, 4I, per Ton.

C. 36, 37. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or other Package thereof, and the Quantity of the Tobacco contained in each particular Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or other Package, together with the Marks and Numbers set on each and every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or other Package, with the Tare thereof; and also shall, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, immediately transmit a Duplicate of such Manifest or Content to the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain: And any Collector, Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in Ireland, who shall ne-elect or refuse to deliver to the Master, Commander, or Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, such Manifest or Content as is herein-before directed, or who shall not transmit a Duplicate thereof, as hereby required, to the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* und the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue or prosecute for the same, in any of his M.^fty’s Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin. 9

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master, Commander, or Person taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel having such Tobacco laden on board as aforesaid, shall, upon his Arrival at his Port of Discharge in Great Britain, and at the Time he makes his Report of h*s Ship or Vessel at the Custom-house, deliver to the Collector of the Customs at the said Port (who is hereby requi:ed and directed to deliver the same to the Land-waiters appointed for the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel), the Manifest or Content of the Lading of his Ship or Vessel, which he received from the Collector, Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place in Ireland where he took in his Lading: And if any Master, Commander, or Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall neglect orrefufe to deliver such Manifest or Content to the Collector of the Customs, at the Time he makes his Report of his Ship or Vessel at the Custom-house at the Port of his Discharge, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, where the Offence shall be committed.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Tobacco shall be imported into Great Britain in Casks, Chests, or cases> each of which shall contain four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of Nett Tobacco at the least, and not otherwise; and shall be liable to the same Duties, and intitled to the same Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, and in all Respects subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities^Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Tobacco the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America is liable, subject, and in titled to by Law, in as full and ample Manner as if the said Duties, Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the several Clauses relative thereto, had been particularly repeated and enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for erefling a Market-house, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset \ and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the*>treets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS the Encouragement of the Cultivation of Hemp in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Importation thereof from thence, will be a Means of furnishing this Kingdom with Sail-cloth

and Cordage (so eifentially necessary for the Supply of his Majesty's Royal Navy, as well as for Ships employed in the Merchants Service) at more reasonable Rates than at present, and will also tend to make the Supply of the said Materials cheaper and less precarious, and be a Means of introducing Trade, Manufacture, and Industry, by employing many of his Majesty's Subjects within the said Kingdom of Ireland * may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Person or Persons who shall, within the Time appointed by this Act, import, or cause to be imported, into this Kingdom, directly from the said Kingdom of Ireland, in any Ship or Ships that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by Law is required, any Hemp water-rotted, bright and clean, of the Growth of Ireland, shall have and enjoy, as a Reward or Premium for such Importation, the following Sum; (that is to say)

For every Ton of such Hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Sum of eight Pounds Sterling: -

For every Ton of such Hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand stren hundred and eighty-six, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the Sum of six Pounds Sterling:

And for every Ton of such Hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth Day of Junes one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand eight hundred, the Sum of four Pounds Sterling:

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 37

391

Hemp.

Importer of Hemp to produce, to the chief Officers of the Co ft 0 ms at the Port of importation, a Certificate from the Collector, 8cc, at the Port of Lading in Ireland.

To be paid upon Demand to the Importer of such Hemp, by the Collector of the Port where the same shall be imported, out of the Customs; and in case the Collector of the Port where the same shall be imported shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands, he is hereby required to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Customs, who shall cause the same to be paid by the Receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs; the Bounty of the Hemp imported into England to be paid by the Receiver-general of the Customs in England, and of that imported into Scotland to be paid by the Receiver-general there.

II. And, to the End a particular Benefit may accrue hereby to his Majesty's Royal Navy, and for the Commissionert better Supply of the same with naval Stores,* be it further enacted, That, upon the Importation of any of the Navy to such Hemp from Ireland for which a Reward or Premium is hereby granted, the Pre-emption or Refusal hJfCl,t^c *efu&l of such Hemp shall be offered and tendered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy upon landing the of al uch same; and if, within the Term of twenty Days after such Tender, the said Commissioners shall not contract or bargain for the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Owner or Owners, of the said Hemp, otherwise to dispose of the same for his or their best Profit and Advantage.

III. And in order to intitle the Importer of such Hemp to the Premium granted by this Act, and to prevent Frauds by importing foreign Hemp,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons importing any such Hemp into Great Britain, shall produce to the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port in Ireland where such Hemp shall be put on board 5 certifying, that before the Departure of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, the Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader, or Fador, loading the same, had made Oath before them, that the said Hemp, so shipped on board, was truly and bona fide of the Growth and Produce of some Place in Ireland; expressing in the said Certificate the Number, Marks, and Packages, of such Hemp, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Exporters from Ireland, and the Name of the Place or Places in Ireland where the said Hemp grew and was produced, together with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons as shall have sworn the Hemp therein mentioned to bebona fide of the Growth and Produce of such Place in Ireland, and where and to whom in Great Britain the same is consigned; and the Master, or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, importing such Hemp, shall, on his Arrival in this Kingdom, also make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, that the several Packages, so marked and numbered, and the Hemp contained therein, are the same Packages and Goods that were taken on board his said Ship or Vessel at the said Port in Ireland, by virtue of the said Certificate or Certificates so to be produced as aforesaid;

Which said Oaths the said Officers herein-before named are respectively hereby authorised and required to administer.

IV. And, tbaf the Officers of the Customs may be the better able to discover any Frauds intended for receiving the aforesaid Premium,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Officers, and they are hereby required, before they make out any such Certificate, to examine the said Hemp, by opening each Package, and (hifting the same, in such Manner as to see the whole Contents, or by such other Means as they shall think proper, to find out and discover whether the said Hemp is water-rotted, bright and clean, and free from any false Mixture.

V. Provided always, That in case any Doubt or Dispute shall arise between the Surveyors or Officers of Dispute* be-the Customs and the Owners or Importers of such Hemp as is imported into the Port of London, as to the Quality of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to call two or more Merchants, Manufacturers, or others, well (killed in the Commodity, who shall declare upon Oath, if required, their Opinion as to the Quality of the same, and according to the best of their Judgment, determine whether the said Hemp is intitled to the Premium hereby granted, or not; and if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise as to the Quality of any Hemp imported into any of the Out-ports in England, Samples thereof shall be taken, and sent up to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, and into the Out-ports in Scotland, to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh, in such Manner a) the respective Commissioners shall direct, in order to be inspected and adjudged there as before-mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward, shall be Officer demand-demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, for examining, viewing, or de- in? any Reward livering, such Hemp, with respect to the Premium or Reward allowed by this Act, or for the signing any of the Certificates in order to the receiving such Premium or Reward, or for paying the same; and any shall forfeit* hi s’ such Officer demanding or taking such Fee or Reward shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Office; and such office, and ool.

Officer shall also be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Hemp, of the Growth or Exporter* of

Produce of Ireland, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- Irift> Hemp for nine, be exported from Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so export- a Pre-

ing the same, shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the Collector of the Customs at the Port where «v

the same shall be exported, or to the chief Officer of the Customs there, the full Sum which is by this Act the same (be/ allowed as a Premium on all such Hemp as he intends to export, over and above any Duty the same is or fide* other Du-may by Law be subject to pay at Exportation by any Ad: Provided always, That the said Collector or

chief Officer of the Customs, upon receiving such Premium from the Exporter of such Hemp as aforesaid,

shall charge himself with the Money so received, or with the said Premium, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are to take particular Care that the same be duly brought to the Account of his Majesty by such Collector or chief Officer as aforesaid.

Officer* to examine the Hemp before they make out Certificate*.

tween Surveyors, &c. and Importers of Hemp, how to be settled.

ties) at the Fort of Exportation;

39 2

on Prralty of forfeiting such Hen p, and double the value thereof.

In case of Dispute whether the Hemp be the Produce of Irel«n*f, the Onus probandi to lie on the Owner.

Penalty on importing foreign Hemp as Iiiih Hemp, and demanding p P e-mium for the same.

[Preamble,

Martinmas Term, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to begin Nov. *4, and end Dec. to; and Candlemas Term to begin Jan. 15, and cjrffcb. 3.

Preamble;

After July 5, 1779, no Person, within the Limits of the Excise Office in London, shall Snake Entry of any Workhouse for making Starch, un'efi ( he rtjill occupy a Tenement of jo I. a Tear, aid pay Panih Rates j

and no Person, in any other Part of the Kingdom, shall make such Entry, mile's he fb.ali pay o Church and Poor.

R-c'tal of an Act jo Anns.

C. 3#—40. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, their Agents

oV Ash^ns, shall be found fraudulently to export such Hemp without paying such Premium to the Collector or chief Officer of the Customs in Manner aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose all1 ftjch Hemp, and double the Value rhereof; one Moiety whereof (Hall1 be to the Use of his Majesty, his* JHfirs and Succdfors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Pfofceutor, to' be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, of in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, wherein no EiToin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than cme Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. Provided always, That if any Doubt Or Dispute shall arise whether the Hemp, or any Part thereof, so to be exported, is of the Growth, ProduT, or Manufacturee of Ireland> or of foreign Growth, Product, or, Manufacture, the Onus probandi shall lie on the Owner or Claimer thereof^ and not on the Informer or Prosecutor; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Matter or Owner of any Ship or, Vessel shall clandestinely import or receive in such Ship or Vessel, to be imported into Great Britain, any Hemp, knowing the same to be foreign Hemp* and shall demand or receive for any such foreign Hemp the Reward or Premium hereby granted, such Matter or Owner shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in Manner as aforesaid; and the Ship or Vessel in which such foreign Hemp shall be so fraudulently imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

WHEREAS the Terms of Martinmas and Candlemas, as they are at present kept, for the fitting of the Courrof Exchequer in Scotland, have been found inconvenient: And whereas it would be more convenient for the Subjects of Scotland that the said Terms were altered \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ill this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Martinmas Term, for the said Court of Exchequer, shall, at all Times hereafter, begin on the twenty- fourth Day of November, and end upon the twentieth Day of December and that Candlemas Term, for the said Court, shall, at ail Times hereafter, begin bn' the fifteenth Day of January, and end on the third Day of February, except any of the said Days, upon which tire said Terms are appointed to begin or end, shall happen to be a Sunday, in which Case the Beginning or Ending of such Term in which that happens shall be upon the Day following.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and trough of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford \ and for removing and preventing Obstructions find Annoyances therein.

CAP. XL.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the many Laws made for securing the Revenues on Starch, ant! for protecting the fair Trader, many gross Frauds are daily practised by evil-minded and indigent Persons, who are encouraged in such Practices, not only from the great Length of Time allowed by those Laws for the Payment of the Duties on Starch, but also for want of some further Regulations in the Manner of carrying on the Starch-making Business; for Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, shall be permitted to make Entry of any Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch, as required by the Statutes in that Case already made aind provided, unless such Person or Persons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of ten Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be a fie fled in thir own Name, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing in any other Part of the Kingdom where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall be permitted to make any such Entry, unless such Person or Persons shall be assessed and pay to Church and Poor, in the several Parishes and Places in which they shall respectively reside; and that no Entry of any Workhouse or Place for making of Stanch, already made or hereafter to be made as required by the Statutes in that Case made and provided, shall be of any Avail to any Person or Persons not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the Person or Persons so making Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person making Starch, and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken 10 be Pei suns making Starch without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making Starch without Entry arc, by the Statutes in such Case made and provided, now subject unto.

II. And whereas, by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anns 4 (intituled, /in Act for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Cffce, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver lVirey and Policies of Injur ance, to feettre a yearly Fund for

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. 393

Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a further Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds to- wards her Majestys Supply 5 and for the Setter securing the Duties on Candles 3 and for obtaining Doubts concerning certain Payments in Scotland; and for suppr effing unlawful Lotteries, and other Devices of the same Kind-, and concerning Cake-soap\ and for Relief of Mary Ravenall, in relation to an Annuity of eighteen Pounds per Annum; and concerning Prize Cocoa-nuts brought from America; and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted in this Session of Parliament); it was, amon^ft other Things, enacted, That all and every Person and Per-

Tons whatsoever, who should make any Starch in London, Westminster, or in any Parts within the weekly

Bills of Mortality, should monthly, and every Month 5 and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever,

+who should make any Starch in any other Part of Great Britain, should, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing, at the next Office for the said Duties, of all the Starch by him, her, or them, severally made within such Month, or six Weeks, respectively; which Entries were to be made in Manner as is therein expressed:

And it was further enacted by the said Act, That all and every Person, who

should make any Starch in London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the said weekly Bills of Mortality, should, within four Weeks; and all and every Person whatsoever, who should make any any Starch in any other Parts of Great Britain, should, within six Weeks, after he, she, or they, should have made, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off* all the said Duties upon Starch, which should be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such Makers of Starch, who should refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, should forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, Double the Sum of the said Duty: And whereas the Allowance of so long a Time for the making of the Entries, and for the Payment of the Duties, as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the Revenue, and also to the fair Trader, as

evil-minded and indigent Persons have been encouraged thereby to make Starch, and have made Entry of the Starch by them made, but have neglected to pay the Duty when due, and before the Time that the Duty could be recovered have absconded from their respective Dwelling-places, or by other Methods have evaded the Payment of the same/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven Certain CUufe* hundred and seventy-nine, the above-recited Clauses, and every Article, Matter, and Thing, therein con- inthssaid tained, shall be, and are hereby repealed, and made null and void; save only and except in all Cases re- repealed, lating to the recovering any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, or to any

Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before, the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of After July 5,

July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, all and every Person whatsoever, who shall make any >779. st^h-Starch, shall, weekly and every Week, make a true Entry in Writing, at the next Office for the Duties mak*

©n Starch, of all the Starch by him, her, or them severally made within each Week, which said Entries Oath^vc^kly* shall contain the Weight of all the Starch mentioned therein respectively, and what Quantity thereof was particubnfing* made at each Making in that Week, on Pain to forfeit, for every NeglevSf, the Sum of fifty Pounds; which the Quantity Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Maker of such Starch, or by their Chief Workman or Servant made at each employed in making the same, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker,

Workman, or Servant, be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Workman, or * Servant, to the same Effedf, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such

Oath; and the said Entries, Oaths and Affirmations to verify the same, shall, for such Starch as shall be made within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, be made with and administered by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the Duties on Starch in England, or the major Part of them for the Time being; and for nil Starch made in all other Parts of Great Britain, with and by the Collectors and Supervisors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of Starch shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the fime.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nil and every Person and Persons what- Starchmakers t»

soever, who shall make any Starch in Great Britain, shall, within One Week after he, she, or they, shall pay u.e Duties make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear oft* all the Duties for Starch which wilbin a Week shall be due from him, her, or them, reflectively; and that all and every such Maker of Starch, who Er!tl? Tm<*

shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, Crforfeit*doubl* Double the Sum of the find Duty whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such th; Sum ne-Makers of Starch, after such Default in Payment nude, shall fell, deliver, or carry out, any Starch, until g!ctf«dtob*. he hath paid and cleared off* his Duty, as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit Double the Value of such Starch so F*ld* delivered or carried out.

V. Provided always, That no Maker of Starch shall he obliged to go or fend farther than the Market- Proviso* town where his or her Starch is made, or the next Market-town to the Place where his or her Starch is made, for the making such Entries, or the Payment of the said Duties.

VI. And, for the better preventing the Frauds frequently committed by divers Makers of Starch, by S«arcbmaUcrf t*

emptying the Vat or Vats made use of for making of Starch in the Absence of the Excise Officer/ be give proprr No* it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hun- j‘c* to E\clfc dred and seventy-nine, every Maker of Starch, before he, she, or they, do begin to empty or wash out any they beVuM* of the Vat or Vats, made use of by him, her, or them, in preparing or making of Starch, he, she, or they, empty tt*u shall give to the Officer of Excise of the Division or District where his, her, or their Starch- house is situate, Vats; twelve Hours Notice, if such Starch-house shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in.

London; or if such Starch-house shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Flours Notice of the particular Time and Hour when and at which he, she, or they, intend to begin to empty cr. wash out

394-

on Fofeitort of 200 1.

Afttr the Vati are emptied, the Water* shall remain in the Frames, &c. un-dilhirbed for 48 Houis.

Starchmaker to give the Olhcer a Notice iff Writing specifying the Hour when each Vat was emptied; on Forfeiture of 1001.

Starchmaken to

give proper Notice to Officers before they lake utF the Slimes and Wa/h from Che lour Waters j

on Forfeiture of jool.

When the ‘ Slimes are put into a Tub, &c. they shall remain there 24 Hours.

Starchmaker disturbing them during that Time, &c. shall forfeit tool. Duty on Starch to be paid according to the Cange taken io the four Waters.

Starchmaken

to eive No rice to Officers before they boa their Starch, particularizing the Frame, T1 b, fee from which it i* to be boxtd;

on Forfeiture of 200 1.

C. 40. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

such Vat or Vats; and in case such Maker or Makers of Starch shall not begin to empty or wa{h out the said Vat or Vats, at the Hour and Times mentioned io such Notice, or within two Hours next after, then every such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every such Maker and Makers of Starch shall, and is hereby obliged to give a fre(n and like Notice in Manner aforesaid: And in case any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall neglect or refuse to give such first Notice before he begins to empty or wash out his, her, or their Vat or Vats, or to insert in such Notice the Particulars herein-before required, or to give at fresh Notice in Manner aforesaid, before he begins to empty or wash out the Vat or Vats, in case he, (he* or they, shall not begin and proceed to empty or wash out the said Vat or Vats at the Hour and Time mentioned in the said first Notice, or within two Hours next afterward, such Maker or Makers of Starch shall, in every, such Case, for every such Offence, forfeit and Jose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said Vat or Vats shall be so emptied or waited out as aforesaid, and the Waters shall be put into the Frames, Tubs, or other Utensils, uftd for preparing and making the same into Starch, the said Waters shall remain unmoved and undisturbed in the same Frames, Tubs, or Utensils, for the Space of forty-eight Hours, at least, from the Time of emptying and washing out the said Vat or Vats, agreeable to the said Notice, and that the Slimts and Wash shall not, dating the said Space of forty-eight Hours,»be taken off the same: And that the Officers for the Duties upon Starch may be able to ascertain when the said Waters were so put into the said Frames, Tubs, or Utensils, after the said Vat or Vats have been emptied or washed out, as aforesaid, every Maker of Starch shall give, or cause to be given, to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker of Starch shall then be, a Notice in Writing, specifying therein the particular Hour or Time of the Day when such Maker of Starch did finish the emptying or washing out of each and every Vat and Vats; and if any Maker or Makers of Starch shall, after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, neglect to deliver such Notice as 1 aft aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Maker or Makers of Starch shall be desirous to take off from the four Waters the Slimes or Wash so put into the Frames, Tubs, or Utensils, after the same shall have been and have remained unmoved and undisturbed for the Space of forty-eight Hours, as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall give to the Officer of Excise of the Division or District where his, her, or their Starch-house is situate, twelve Hours Notice, if such Starch-house shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or if such Starch-house shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice, of the particular Time and Hour when and at which he intends to take off such Slimes and Wafti; and in case such Maker or Makers of Starch shall not begin and proceed to take off the Slimes and Waft as aforesaid at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice, or within Two Hours next after, then every such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every such Maker and Makers of Starch shall be, and is hereby obliged to give a fresh and like Notice, in Manner aforesaid; and in case any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall neglect to give such first Notice before he begins to take off such Slimes or Waft), or to insert in such Notice the Particulars herein-before required, or to give a fresh Notice, in Manner aforesaid, before he begins to take off such Slimes or Waft), in case he, she, or they, shall not begin and proceed to take off such Slimes and Wafti at the Hour and Time mentioned in the said first Notice, or within two Hours next afterwards, such Maker or Makers of Starch shall, in every such Case, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when the Slimes shall be taken off, as aforesaid, and the same shall be put into any Tub or Tubs, or other Utensil, the same shall remain in the same Tub or Tubs, or other Utensils, into which the same shall have been first put, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after the same shall have been so taken off; and if any Maker or Makers of Starch shall move or disturb the Waters after the same shall have been so emptied or wafbed out of the Vat or Vats into any Frame, Tub, or Utensil, or shall take off the Slimes or Wash during the Space of forty-eight Hours, as aforesaid, or shall move or disturb the Slimes after the same shall have been put into such Tub or Tubs, or other Utensil, during the Space of twenty-four Hours, as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, such Maker and Makers of Starch shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

X. And, the better to prevent any Frauds by the secreting or concealing of Starch/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers for the said Duties upon Starch shall at any Time miss any Quantity or Quantities of Starch, of which an Account had been taken by Gauge, whilst the same was in the four Waters or Slimes, respectively, and before the said Starch has been put into the Boxes, and shall not, upon reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to charge the Maker of such Starch according to the Gauge taken of the same in the four Waters or Slimes, as aforesaid, respectively, and every such Maker shall pay the Duty so charged.

XI. And, for the further securing the Duty on Starch/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, when any Maker or Makers of Starch shall give Notice of his Intention to box, as required by an Act, made in th* fourth Year of the Reign of his Tate Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with respect to Starchy Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate), every such Maker of Starch shall, in each such Notice, express and declare the particular Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, from which he, she, or they, intend to box any Starch 5 and that when any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall begin to box such Starch, they shall proceed and continue to box the same until the whole Quantity of Starch in each such Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, shall be perfectly boxed; and if any Maker or Makers c f Starch shall, at any Time after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-mre, n-*gled to give Notice of his Intention to box his green Starch, or shall neglect to insert ip every such No ice the particular Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, from which the btarch is intended to he

3 boxed

395

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 40.

boxed as aforesaid, or shall not proceed or continue to box the whole Quantify of Starch in any such Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, after such Notice as aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers of Starch shall, in every such Case, for every such Offence, forfeit and iofe the Sum of two hundred Pounds; any Law, Custom, or Usage, notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Maker of Starch shall deliver to the Officer who surveys his or their Search-house an Account, in Writing, containing as well an rxa& Description of each and every Room and Place, by him, her, or them, made use of for the making, drying, or keeping of Starch, as also of each and every Vessel or Utensil by him, her, or them, made use of for the making of Starch, before he, she, or they, presume to use the same; alt which said Rooms and Places, Vessels and Utensils, shall be marked and numbered by, or by the Direction of, the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise who survey the respective Makers of Starch, to whom such Rooms and Places, Vessels and Utensils, respectively belong, at the Expence of such respective Makers; and if any such Maker of Starch shall make use of any Room or Place, Vessel or Utensil, for the making of Starch, without giving such Account as aforesaid, or before the same shall have been marked and numbered as aforesaid, or shall refuse to pay for the marking and numbering the same, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of 7uly, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, whenever any Maker or Makers of Starch shall have broken the Starch from his, her, or their Boxes, he, she, or they, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker of Starch shall then be, an Account, in Writing, of the true Number of Pieces broken from such Box, distinguishing, in such Writing, the Size of the different Pieces, under the different Denominations following; that is to say, Large, Middling, and Small, and how many Pieces of each Denomination are contained in each Breaking from the Boxes: And in case any such Maker of Starch shall neglect to deliver to such Officer such Account, in Writing, distinguishing therein as aforesaid; or if, after such Account given in as aforesaid, any Officer of Excise shall discover, in any Place whatsoever, entered or not entered, any Increase in the Number of Pieces, or a greater Number of the large or middling Pieces than were particularly specified in such Writing; then, and in every such Case, every such Maker and Makers of Starch shall, for each Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, whenever any Maker or Makers of Starch shall put their Starch when feraped, or when put into the Papers, into the Stove or Stoves^ for drying the same, every such Maker of Starch shall place, or cause to be placeJ, the several Pieces of Starch so put into such Stove or Stoves, in such Manner as that the Officers of Excise may have Access to, and be able to count distinctly the Number of the several Pieces of Starch so put into such Stove or Stoves.

XV. And, that such Officers of Excise may, withour Inconvenience or Hurr, be able to count the said Pieces in such Stove or Stoves,’ it is hereby enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day ofjuly-, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Maker of Starch shall provide proper Ladders, and shall affiff the said Officers in taking an Account of the said several Pieces of Starch in such Stove or Stoves; and that no Maker or Makers of Starch shall, by himself, or by any other Person, during the Space of two Hour3 after such Officer shall have entered the Siove of any such Starch-maker, for the Purpose of counting the Number of Pieces of Starch then in such Stove, ffir or break up the Fire under the said Stove, nor shall, during the said Space of two Hours, whiift such Officer remains in such Stove, throw, or cause to be thrown, upon the Pan of such Stove, any Dirr, Meal, or other Ingredient, whereby a Smoke may be raised, or the Officer hindered or obstructed in counting the Pieces of Starch in the said Stove: And if any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall not so place the several Pieces of Starch in their respective Stove or Stoves as aforesaid, as that the Officers of Excise may distinctly count the same; or if such Maker or Makers of Starch shall not provide proper Ladders, or shall not assist the said Officers in taking the Account as aforesaid; or shall, by stirring up the Fire, or by any Means whatsoever, hinder or obstruct the Officers of Excise from going into, and continuing in the said Stove or Stoves, during the Space of two Hours, ars aforesaid, or until such Officer shall have taken the Account of all the said Pieces, if the same shall be done within the said Space of two Hours; then, and in every such Case, the Person offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, when any Maker or Makers of Starch shall be desirous to break down any Piece or Pieces of Starch into Scrapings, or otherwise, he, she, or they, shall give to the Officer of Excise of the Division or Distri& where his, her, or their, Starch-house is situate, twelve Hours Notice, if such Starch-house shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London; or if such Starch-house shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice of the particular Time and Hour when and at which he, she, or they intend to break down such Pieces of Starch into Scrapings, or otherwise; and in case such Maker or Makers of Starch shall not begin and proceed to break down such Pieces of Starch as aforesaid, at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice, or within two Hours next after, then every such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, void; and every such Maker and Makers of Starch shall be, and is and are hereby obliged to give a fresh and like Notice in Manner aforesaid: And in case any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall regle<51 to give such first Notice, before he, she, or they, begin to break down such Pieces of Starch, or to insert in such Notice the Particulars herein-before required, or to give a fresh Norice in Manner aforesaid, every such Maker of Starch shall, in every such Case, for every such Offence, forfeit and Jose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Officer for the Duties on Starch shall discover

2nd

Starch maker to deliver to the Officer a Description of every Room, &cr by him used for making Starch, which shall be marked srd numbered $ on Forfeiture of Sol.

When Starch-makers break any Pieces of Starch from their Boses, they shall deliver av particular Account thereof to the Officer) on Forfeiture of 2001.

When Starch if put into the Stove for drying, the Pieces to be so placed that the Officers tnay be able to count them.

Starchmakers to provide Lalders, and affiit the Officers in taking Account of the Pieces of Starch; and to do nothing to obstruct them thetein; on Forfeiture of aoc 1»

Starchmaker so give proper Notice to Officer before he break down any Pieces of Starch into Scrapings;

on Forfeiture of ico 1.

If Officer shall find, drying in the Stove, any

P *c^ of Sf a rh of 'h ch no Ac* rrunt I..t<* h.‘en taken in the Hoy, thr M. ker shall fcrfat hu!,

St irchmaker

mixing the Su'di-Wits rs of dirt's rent Makings, while h'S Starch is under Water, shall tot-feh ioo 1. except it be done

St irch maker removing any Starch, after it is dried, out of his S*o»e, &c. before weighing, and an Account thereof taken by an Officer, rtiall forfeit loo 1,

And concealing Starch, with Io-‘ tent to defraud his MaHby,

/hall forfeit ioo 1.

St arch maker l firuthng Officer in pet forming hi? Duty, to forfeit 50 J«

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Ceneral I flue*

Treble Costs<

[Preamble.]

Recital of an At\ 18 Geo. III.

C. 41. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

and find, in the Stove or Steves of any Maker of Starch, any Piece or Pieces of Starch drying in such Stove or Stoves, of which no Account had been before taken in the Pox or Boxes, by the Officer for the Duties on Starch, then, anti in every such Case, each and every such Piece and Pieces of Starch shall be deemed, and is and are hereby declared to be. Starch of which no Account had been taken by the Officer for the said Duties upon Starch; and the Maker or Makers of such Starch, in whole Stove such Piece or Pieces shall be so discovered and found, shall forfeit and iofe, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from andafierthe fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nir.e, if any Maker of Starch fit Jl, at any Time whilst his Starch is in Operation, and under Water, mix, or cause to be mixed, any of the Starch wufers of one Making with those of another Making, every such Maker of Star ch shall forfeit and Jose, fur every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, except such Mixing be made in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on Starch.

in Presence of an ©fficer.

c XIX. And whereas fraudulent Starch-makers have, in many Instances, been rather encouraged in car- rying on their Frauds, by reason of the Smallness of the Penalties already provided in thele cases; now, for the more effectual preventing the like Frauds,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, any M*ker of Starch shall remove, or cause to be removed, any Quantity whatsoever of Starch, after the same shall be dried, out of his, her, or their Stove or Stoves, or out of any other Place or Places, made use of by them for the drying of Starch, before the same has been weighed, and an Account taken thereof, by the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds; any Law, Custom, or U age, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nme, if any Maker of Starch shall fraudulently hide or conr ccal, or shall cause or differ to be hid or concealed, any Starch, to the Intent to deceive his Majesty of the just Duties chargeable on the same, that then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; any Law, Custom, or Usage, notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth. Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Maker of Starch shall obstruct or hinder any of the Officers for the Duties upon Starch, in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given %6 him or them by this or any other Act, for the ascertaining and securing the Duties upon Starch, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fi|,ch Ways, Means, and Me* thods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise; or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act: and the special Matter, in Evidence in his or their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for granting a Drawback of the Duties, imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon all foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony of Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majestyfever al additional Duties upon (Vines and Vinegar imtwrud into this Kingdom)y it was amongst other Things provided and enacted, That, upon the Exportation of any Sort of Wines (except French Wines) from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America as Merchandize, the Exporicr should be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-men- tinned Duties paid upon the Importation of such Wine by virtue of the said recited Act, except the Sum of three Pounds thirteen Shillings and Sixpence per Ton: And whereas, in order to promote and en- courage the Exportation of Wines from this Kingdom to the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and to the BritiJ}) Settlements in the Fa/I Indies, it is expedient to allow the Drawback of all the Duties granted by the said recited Act upon the Exportation of all foreign Wines so exported to those Places; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority 2. of

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 42, 43* 397

of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fe- A Drawback of venty-nine, upon the Exportation of any French Wine, or any other foreign Wines, from this Kingdom, J1!,hc to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the Eoft Incites, as Mer- 0nthe hr. chandize, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the Duties before mentioned, which rortV.ir-, of to were paid upon the Importation of such Wine by vittue of the said herein-before recited Act of Pdjliai- rfign Wine*, ment, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary ftaij b<_ai)o*td notwithstanding: Which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules,

Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allow- A^erciV" the ance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Wine, was, could, or might be Eastind/cs. made, before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,7for building a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Hom-castU, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of Great Sturton), and within the Wapentakes of Louth Efke, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Friefton, and Fishtoft, in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

WHEREAS in the Soake of Horncajllt, and Wapentakes of IVraggoe, Gartree, Louth Efke, Ludr Preamble; borough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Lever ton, Benington, Butterwick,

Frieston, and Fishtoft, in the County of Lincoln, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Trade and Business, and many ill-disposed Persons, within the said Soake, Wapentakes, and Parishes, do contract Small Debts, and although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on account of the great Expences and Delays which attend the same in the County Court, which is upwards of thirty Miles distant from the greatest Part of the said Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places: And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Soake, Wapentakes, and Parishes, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and support useful Credit therein May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Allenby, Esquire; John Abbot, Commissioner* Joseph Atkinson, Hinman Allenby, Daniel Allenby, John Anfell, Robert Andrews, Thomas Adlard, William Allison, William Atkin, Gentlemen; Ay [cough Boucheret, Ayscough Boucher ct the younger, Bentley Bennet,

Enquires; Thomas Bentley, Samuel Bennet, William Bromley, Humphry Brown, Thomas Burrows, Thomas Bradley, Jonathan Bairstow, John Bullivant, William Brown, Edmund BradJhaWy Charles Bonner the younger, William Baker, Charles Buck, Bentley Bennet the younger, Thomas Belgrave, Thomas Blyth, Joshua Byron, Edmund Blathwait, John Booth, John Bennet, Thomas Bartholomew, John Black bourn, Peter Black-bourn. Gentlemen; Edmund Brown, Clerk; Charles Chaplin, Charles Clarke, Charles Marshal Clarke, Thomas Chaplin, Esquires; George Coxson, James Conington, John Calvert, John Chijlett, Robert Cole, Jffh Chantry,

Charles Chaplin. George Chaplin, William Chatter ton, James Calvert, John Codd, Richard Codd, Wiliam Caley,

Samuel Caley, Richard Calthorp, William Capps, Bennet Clayth, Thomas Clark, John Cook, John Coupland, Jo*

Jepb Coupland, Absalom Coupland, John Coupland, Robert Coupland, Gentlemen; William Dickinfn, Francis Darn hill, John Dixfon, William Dixfon, John Dennis, Thomas Dan [on, John Dawson, David Dickinson, John Ding, Charles Dennis, Gentlemen; John Emeris, Clerk; John Elmitt, John Em erf on, Richard Everilt, John Ealand, Robert Ev if on, Gentlemen; James Forrester Fowler, James Fowler, Richard Faibier, Clerks; Joseph Fowler, Moses Fox, John Fair weather, John Fisher, John Fosler, William Fowler, Frauds Farr, Eduard Farr, John Fountain, Matthew Fox, John Francis, Gentlemen; John Goodwin, Clerk; John Gilby, John Gibson, John Gunnifs, Edward Gunnifs, Wiliam Gibbons, John Goe, Isle Grant, Alexander Gunnifs, Frifkncy Gunnifs, Edward Gray, Charles Goodwin, Francis Gooderick, William Green, Gentlemen; George Hanijon,

Clerk; John Harr Jon, Esquire; William Hoyes, Benjamin Holland, Richard Hood, John Hutchirfon, John Hanford, Thomas Holland, Richard Holdsworth, Richard Heald, Richard Hardy, Thomas liarri[on, John Hudson, William Holland, Richard Henery, Robert Healey, Thomas Harneis, Robert Holmes, Richard Harr,

John Hudson, William Hanlon, John Hewit, William Hubbert, Gentlemen; William Jackson, Nathaniel Jackson, Willey Jackson, William Iremonger, Adkin Jollands, John Inctt, Francis Julian, George Jolland,

Joseph Jackson, George Jessof, Thomas Jeff cry s. Gentlemen; Wiliam Kin?[I on, Vickers Keal, Henry Kcal, John Keyey, William Kerby, Charles Kirkham, Gentlemen; Thomas Lijler, Pinder Lijler, Thomas Livefcy, Robert Lee, Esquires; Charles LOJle, Joseph LOfte, John Linton, Henry Linton, Clerks; John Ludlam, John Lud-Jam junior, Richard Lucas, John LIII, Frederick UOjle, James Long fluff, William Leach, John Linton the younger, John Light foot. Gentlemen; Robert Morton, Clerk; Wright Mrfon, Thomas Mountain, William Malnfon, Wright Mofon the younger, Erasmus Middleton, Thomas Ale fen, Samuel Martin, isaac Marcham,

William Merrell, John Meggitt, Thomas Marsh, John Maltby, Stanley Marfa all, John Mofon, Richard Ala-VowXIII. Part III. F f f Jon,

39® C. 43.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

A.D.

1779.

sony John Meeds, Henry Mowbray^ Gentlemen; Robert Neve, James Neve, James Naufl, Gentlemen; Timothy Overton, Titus Overton, Edward Overton, John Or id. Gentlemen; Charles Pilkington, Esquire; George Patterson, Paul Pell, William Pinder, William Pennell, Samuel Paddifon, Edward Pinney, Thomas Perrin, Thomas Parrot, Samuel Carter Pettener, Thomas Phillips, Peter Packharnifs, Gentlepien; William

Stock dale,

Stopford, Clerks; John Steihenfon, Benjamin Stephenson, Joseph Sutton, John Smith, 1

Uam Simpson, Anthony Squire, John Searles, William Hirjl Simpson, tViltiam Stotherd, Jeremiah Sutton, Charles Starmer, Robert Shear down, Peter Sers, Richard Shepherd, John Sewell, John Shepherd, William Smith, Anthony Spur, Joseph Skinner, Robert Ste/ling, Phineas Street, Noble Thor nley Sherrard, Gentlemen; John Chrich-loe Turner, Edmund Turner, Edmund Turner the younger, Esquires; John Thorrold\ MD. James Tnyton the younger, Richard Taylor, Thomas Taylor, Robert Tr afford, William Thistlewood, William TayUr, Samuel Thompson, Thomas Thorrold, Samuel Trevor% William Thacker, Stephen Thornell, George Turner, Thomas Tim-herland, John Taylor, Samuel Trout, Samuel Trout the younger, John Thompson, John Uttin, Gentlemen; Robert Viner, Esquire; Edward Walls, Esquire; Samuel WhitinClerk; William Wheatley, Richard Watson, John Wight man the younger, John Wray, Timothy Wayet, Richard Wright, William Wilkinson, Thomas Wayet, Edmund Wayet, Francis Ward, John Wilkinson, Samuel Walker, John Waters the younger, William Would, James Whitworth, Nicholas Wrigglesworth. Ayscough Wrigglesworth, Thomas Wi/fon, Thomas Walker, George Wileockfart, Richard Wharfe, Elmitt Walejby, Thomas Walker, Daniel Waldgrave, Hugh Wetimm, James Wilkinson, John Whiting, John Wilby, and William White the younger. Gentlemen; shall be, and

Commissioners constituted a Court of Re-questf.

Timet of Meeting.

For want of (efficient Number to acts Court to be adjourned to another Day.

Commissioners

Power*.

When Coraimf*

fionertdie, or neglect to *£>, new one* to be chosen.

Firit Clerks, and Serjeant 1.

they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes nd Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Stile of The Court of Requests for the Soake of Horn-castle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth Efke, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Bcnington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fishtoft, in the County of Lincoln; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised. impowered, and required to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court in the several Towns of Horncastle, Wrag-by, Tattershall, Louth, Alford, Saltfleet, and Parish of Freiston, once a Month; (to wit) at Wragby and Saltfleet, on every Friday Month; and at Horncastle, Tattershall, Louth, Alford, and Freifton, on every Thursday Month, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in a Court-house, or some convenient Place within each of the said Towns and Parish, to be provided by the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be assembled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose; which General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held at each of the said Totfns of Horncastle, Wragby, fatterJball, Louth, Alford, and Saltfleet, and Parish of Freiston, on the Thursday and Friday Six Weeks next after the passing of this Act, and ffaall continue to be held on the same Days in every Month throughout the Year: Provided that no Court shall be holden on Goodfriday, or on Christmas-day, when Christmas day shall fall on a Thursday or Friday, in either of which Cases the Court shall be holden on the next preceding Day.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Clerks of the said Court, or their or any of their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Day, within one Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or till ^he General Court Day then next following.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, and their Successors, to be chosen as herein after mentioned, or any three or more of them, from Time to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debts as shall be brought before them in Manner as hereafter is mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Cofis, both against: the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and most agreeable to Equity and good Confidence; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, whose Name stands first on the List of the Commissioners directed to be kept in the Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, as often as it (halt be necessary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein-before particularly named, or of any of their Successors to be chosen in Manner herein-ascer mentioned, or by his or their refusing or ne-gleding, for the Space of six Calendar Months, to act herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any five or more of them, to meet and assemble together at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to act, and to elect and appoint one or more Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying or refusing to act; and every such Commissioner so elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effVftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Richard Clitherow and Thomas Walker, Gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests to be held at Horncastle, Wragby, and Tattershall; that Charles IVigclsworth, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests to be held at Louth; and that Wiliam Camley, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests

5 '*

399

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 43.

to be held at /Ilford and Saltfleet 5 and that Francis Thlrkhill and Samuel Thornton shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests to be held in the Parish of Freiflon: And that John Wight man and John Oldham shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court ol Requests to be held at Horncastle \ that John Parker shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests to be held at Wrdgby\ that William Rowley shall be, and is hereby conllituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests to be held at Tattershall', that John Atkin shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests to be held at Louth 5 that Thomas Coates and Benjamin Plumbtree shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court of Requests to be held at Alford; and that Stephen Weft shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests to be held at Saltfleet \ and that Nightingale Kime the Younger shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests to be held in the said Parish of Freiston: Who shall respectively continue Clerks and Serjeant* of the said Court so long as they ftvali behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

Vf. Provided always, That no Commissioner, or any Person or Persons who shall keep any Visualling-house, Afe-house, or other House of any public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of holding (he Office of Clerk, or any other Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Places or Offices of Clerks or Serjeants of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Refig-rution, or Misbehaviour, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any five or more of them, shall meet at some convenient Place, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and a Majority of the said Commissioners so met are hereby authorised and required tochufe and appoint any other fit Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, of the said Court, during his or their good Behaviour.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Clerks herein-before named and chosen, and their Successors, so from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall make, and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Part of the said Court-house where he and they shall officiate, fair and complete Lists in Writing of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be elected and appointed as aforesaid; and shall also, and are hereby impowered and required to issue, or cause to be issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Sub- noenasy and Precepts, and to register and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders Decrees, and Judgments, and other Alts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books, Co be provided by them respectively, and kept for that Purpose; and that the Serjeant and Servant* hereinbefore named and chosen, or from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and fc and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or caufo to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Alts, Matters, and Things as are herein directed and appointed to be done by them*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person atm Persons whomsoever, who now hath orhavc, or hereaftet shall or may have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them* in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Assignee, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, inhabiting or.residing within the Soake of Horncastle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth E/ke, Ludborough, and CaJceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Beni ng ton. Butter wick, Freiflon, and Fishtoft aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof (except within the Parish of Great Sturton, in the Wapentake of Gartree aforesaid), or trading and dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to any of the Clerks of the said Court, or either or any of their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being; who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of she Parties, and the Sum demandedj and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor of Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party of Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear, at tf certain Time and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demands and the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, or any of them, shall forthwith serve, or cause such Sammons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house of Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Soake, Wapentakes, and Parishes aforesaid$ and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall seem most just and equitable.

X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual for the Purposes thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Time being, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners aftemUed in Court as aforesaid shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the better regulating of the Practice of the said Court as to them shall seem necessary, and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter, the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the respective Clerks and Serjeants, or Officers, of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said

F f f a Court

10

Victuallert, Ac# not to hold any Place of Profit^,

Election of Clerk* end Serjeants,

Clerks to (in of Lists of Commissioners in the Court-boufie;

to Mfre San-masfeC and-re-lifter Order*

Serjeants to fere# Precepts,

1

Persons may /be for Debts under 40 s.

How officers are to proceed#

Commissioner* may regulate Proceedings!

4QO C. 43.

Anno decimo nono Georgii i III. A.D. 1779.

and administet Oaths.

0» Non -appear* anq« of Defendant, the Court may proceed ex parte t

And on Non-appearance or Non-suit of Plaintiff’, may a ward Coflu

CommifBonem may award Execution 1

and commit the Party*

Gtart may order Debts to be paid at fercialTimes.

On E»ectrtion>. Clerk to indoiie the Debt and Cofli*

Court only; according (o which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matters of Debt, not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall feejn agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

Xi. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Courts, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered, to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whomsoever whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of theovafsembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause, to be allowed by the Court, refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof beinfr made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and~to award such Costs as to them shall teem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing, shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cate where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may;be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at their Discretion, to award Execution either against the Body or Bodies, or Goods, of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Seal, to the respective Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court; who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is and are hereby respectively impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties, being within the Soake, Wapentakes^ and Parishes of JVranglcy Leake, Leverton, Beningion% Buttenvicky Freifton, and Fishtoft aforesaid, or any of them (except the Parish of Great Sturton aforesaid), and to convey him, her, or them, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said County of Lbicoltty thereto remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Calendar Months; and such Serjeant or Serjeants, by virtue of any such Precept, issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is and are hereby impowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party or Parties being within the Soake, Wapentakes, and Parishes aforesaid, or any of them, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed 5 and if the Party or Parties against whose Body or Bodies, or Goods, such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, %by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or conveying away the same by Bill of Sale, or by any other Means whatsoever, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant or Serjeants, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution either against the Body or Bodies, or Goods, of such Party or Parties, wheresoever the same Goods may be, and rrocefs shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the respective Serjeants in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, at any Time, upon the Request and for the Eate and Convenience of tho Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several Payments, then upon the Defauk or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, aftdupori due Proof oP the said Default or Failure* award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Pari thereof as Avail then remain unpaid, together with such fucther Costs as to them shaft feern reasonable, to be recovered by the same Process and in like Manner as is herein-before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Precept to be issued, upon any Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies, or Goods, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk or Clerks who shall issue the same shall exp refs and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs* fa ordered and decreed, to, be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. 401

be awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, In what cases

or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprison-

ment, pay, or cause to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk or Clerks of the Court, who shall issue such up

Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his or their Trouble in receiving and paying over such respective Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction, in the Book or Register of the said Court, for such Debt

and Costs, and all'o the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison, then and in such Case and Cases the Execution shall be superseded,

and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or Parties, shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Serj^ntifoflfer-Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Negle£, cood" tobere^ cause or suffer the Party or Parties, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or ab'.cond, .^ed, to pay or the Goods of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have Debt and Costs# its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint, and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party or Parties Complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as are herein-before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting commissiono* as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or (being of the People to be sworn, called Quakers) made an Affirmation, to the following Effect; (that is to say)

'I A.B. do swear [or affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of The Oath# my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act of Parliament^r the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Horncastle,

and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartiee (except the Parish of Great Sturton), and within the Wapentakes of Louth Efke, Ludborough and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington,

Butterwick, Freifton, and Fishtoft, in the County 3/* Lincoln, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to cither Partyi

So help me GOD.

t

Which Oath the respective Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have Memorial them* taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the said of to bereft respective Clerk or Clerks of the said Court shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered, in the Register of the said Court where the same shall be taken.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor of any Court whatsoever, shall No Attorney or be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction or Judgment of Solicitor to pleas ;the said Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court as. an Attorney or Advocate in J*ethrt

Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant. (. i. j ©nuquesta.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited Fee* to b« taken and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the respective Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, or byOffleem their Successors, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act j (that is to say)

To the CLERKS.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence. - The Clerk*

For iflutng every Summon?, Sixpence.

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the Court, each Three-pence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Three-pence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For 3 Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence.

If by Installments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Book, Sixpence.

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Tnfult or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners* Clerks, or Officers of the Court, One Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within any of the Towns of Horncaftfei The Segeanty Wragby^ Tattershall9 Louth, Alford^ and Saltfteetj and Parish of Freiftony and attending the Court with the Return thereof. Sixpence.

If out of any, of the said Towns, or the said Parish of FreiJUn, where the said Courts are directed to be held. Three-pence more for every Mile, fox calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the Court* One Penny each*

40 2

Tabic of Fee* to

be hungup in the Court-house.

Coils in no Case to exceed 15 ft*

Penalty on ta. Icing greater Fees.

Clerks and Serjeants may be difjpfaoa&

No Cotnmiflum* er, Stc. to act where interdted.

Penalty on In-fuitinjgjbnCourt*

Copy of the last preceding Clause to be stuck up in the Court'house.

c. 4-3'

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, again# the Body or Bodies, or Goods* One

Shilling.

If out of any of the said Towns, or the Parish of Freljlan% where the said Courts are dire£h?d to be held. Three-pence moFe for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent, to Prison, Sixpence for every Milt.

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be fixed up by the respective Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, in some conspicuous Part or Parts of the respective Court-houses or Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the same.

XXI. Provided always, That no Colls to be given, awarded, or allowed by the said Commissioners shall in any Case whatsoever exceed the Sum of fifteen Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the respective Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, of the said Court for the Time being, (bail take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward than what are herein-before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Town or Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the respective Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Sericants, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty* or in taking greater Fees than before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof made upon Oath, in open Court, the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then fitting, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Advertisement to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated within the said Soake, Wapentakes, and Parishes, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then present, not being less than eleven in Number, shall apd may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if k shall appear to fuck Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that any of the respective Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Be each of Duty as aforesaid, in his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, from his or their said Office or Offices, and to nominate and appoint any other fit and proper Person or Persons to execute the said Office or Offices of Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, in the Room and Place of him or them £> dismissed and removed as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person Audi not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the said Court until the some is finally determined; and if the resprctive Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the fokl Court, such Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, shall not exercise his or their Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, asseoibled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint some other Person or Persons to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, respectively, in his or their Place or Stead, in all Things relative to such Cause.

XXV. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may be invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to, or returning from the same; or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court} or at any Time mail affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, any of the Clerks or Serjeants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, then fitting, or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in or near the Town where such Insult or Misdemeanor shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, directing such Serjeant or Serjeants to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken, before three or more of the fail Commissioners; and, upon the Fa& alleged being proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by* Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to some Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of Lincoln, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay the said Fine.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Clerks of the said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed up, in some public Part of each of the said Courthouses,

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. 403

or other Place* where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead ignorance thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper and Keepers, for the Time being, of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said County of Lincoln, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into his and their Custody, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process lifting out of the said Court of Requests: And in case the Keeper or Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his and their Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be so committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority, for that Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by three* or more of the said Commissioners, every Keeper offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before the Commissioners fitting at any of the said Places where the said Court is herein-before directed to be held, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every fuel) Offence, arty Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor lese ohan forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Commissioners; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending, into the H^nds of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court for the Time being, before whom he or they shall be convicted, or in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand* and Seals of any three Or more of the said Commissioners, in Court assembled; which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Maimer as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to bepaid and applied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, or any other Courts whatsoever (except in all such Courts Baron for holding Pleas of Debt, within the said Soake and Wapentakes, and rarishes of Wrangle, Leake, LeverUn, Benin? ten. Butter wick, Frciflon, and Fishtoft, as have heretofore been held for the Recovery of Debts under forty Shillings), or elsewhereout of the said Court of Requests; and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in puffuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; but the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court shall be final and conclunve, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will or Testament, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; or for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, making Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within the Soake and Wapentakes, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freijhn, and Fishtoft aforesaid, or either or any of them (except within the Parish of Great Sturton aforesaid), who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons to be issued out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to /appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was according to the best of his, her* or their Judgment and Belief, a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fine not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied* shall be paid over to the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend to alter, change, take away, or annul, any of the Courts Baron for holding Pleas of Debt, or any other Maneria! Rights, Privileges, Franchises, and Jurisdictions, belonging to any Person or Persons whomsoever, as Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the several and respective Manors within the said Soake of Homcqflle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth EJkc, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fishtoft; but that the same shall be* remain, and continue in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had

Giolcrf, Sec, to receive and detain Person* committed.

Penalty on Neglect thereof.

No Action for Debt, recoverable by this Act to be brought if* any other Court* Except Coart* Baron, See*

To what Debt* this Act fell Mi OKtend,

Penalty on wild ful Perjury.

Penalty on ndt obeying Sub*

Reservat)©i> of the Rights of alt Courts Baron for the Soake, Wapenrakes, and Parishca*

404 C. 44. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

This Act shall not a lie ft the B ift. n Small Debu Ad*

This Act not to extend to the Parish of Great Sturton.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs. Public Act.

Preamble $ reciting the Toleration Act x Gul* fc Mar*

Protestant Dissenting Ministers, who shall take the Oaths and subscribe the Declaration against Popery required by the said Act* and shall also make and subscribe the following Declaration,

stall be intitled to all the Privilege* granted by the Toleration Act,- aed by an Act loAnr* for confirming the same, dec.;

never been made, and shall not be, or be deemed to be, altered, lessened, or affeSed thereby; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with standingj.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, obstruS, prevent, or defeat the Execution of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled, An Act forth* more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, or in any Manner whatsoever to interfere with, lessen, or alter the Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the Borough of Boston, Skirbeck Quarter, and Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, by the said Act constituted, or to impower the Commissioners, act ng by virtue of this Act, to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, lessen, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities which by the said Act were veiled in all or any of the Commissioners sSing under the said Act; but that the same shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the P.irish of Great Sturton* in the Wapentake of Gartree, shall not be deemed to be within or Part of the Wapentake of Gartree aforesaid, with respect to any Provisions or Powers contained in this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done, or omitted to be done, in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon a VeidiS or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jud bees, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and Schoolmasters.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary,

intituled, An Act for exempting their Afajejlies Protestant Subjects, disfentingfrom the Church of Eng-

landifrom the Penalties of certain Laws, Persons dissenting from the Church of England, in holy Or-1 ders, or pretended holy Orders, or pretending to holy Orders, and Preachers or Teachers of any Con-

gregation of Dissenting Protestants, are required, in order to be intitled to certain Exemptions, Be-

nents. Privileges, and Advantages, to declare their Approbation of, and to subscribe, the Articles of

Religion mentioned in the Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (except as in the said Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, is ex- ccpted): And whereas many such Persons scruple to declare their Approbation of, and to subscribe, the said Articles not excepted as aforesaid: For giving Ease to such scrupulous Persons in the Exercise of Religion,9 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person dissenting from the Church of England, in holy Orders, or pretended holy Orders, or pretending to holy Orders, being a Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation of dissenting Protestants, who. if he scruple to declare and subscribe as aforesaid, shall take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration against Popery, required by the said Act, in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to be taken, made, and subscribed by Protestant Dissenting Ministers, and shall also make and subscribe a Declaration in the Words following; videlicet,

I A.B. do solemnly declare, in the Presence of Almighty God. that I am a Christian and a Protestant, and as such, that I believe that the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, as commonly received among Protestant Churches, do contain the revealed Will of God; and that 1 do receive the same as the Rule of my DoSrine and PraSice*

shall be, and every such Person is hereby declared to be, intitled to all the Exemptions, Benefits, Privileges, and Advantages, granted to Protestant Dissenting Ministers by the said Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary\ and by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preserving the Protestant Religion, by better securing the Church of England, as by Law established; and for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant DiJ/enters by an Act, its-tituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws ;9 and for Supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further Jt-curing the Protestant Succession* by requiring the Praftifers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned; and the Justices of the Peace at the General Session of the Peace to be bokten for the County or Place where any Protestant Dissenting Minister shall live, are hereby required

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo notio Georgii IIIs C. 4$. > 405

to tender and administer the said last-mentioned declaration to such minister, upon his offering himself to make and subscribe the same, and thereof to keep a register; and such minister shall not give or pay, as a fee or reward to any officer or officers belonging to the court aforesaid, above the sum of sixpence for his or their entry of such minister's making and subscribing the said last-mentioned declaration, nor above the sum of sixpence for any certificate thereof to be made out and signed by the officer or officers of the said court; and every such person qualifying himself as aforesaid shall be exempted from serving in the militia of this kingdom, and shall also be exempted from any imprisonment or other punishment by virtue of an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled "An act for the uniformity of publick prayers, and administration of sacraments, and other rites of ceremonies, and for establishing the form of making, ordaining and consecrating bishops, priests and deacons in the Church of England," or by an Act made in the fifteenth year of the same reign, intituled "An Act for relief of such persons as by sickness or other impediment were disabled from subscribing the declaration in the Act of Uniformity, and explanation of part of the said Act," for preaching or officiating in any congregation of Protestant dissenters for the exercise of religion permitted and allowed by law.

for the Exercise of Religion permitted and allowed by Law.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Dissenting Minister, nor any other 1?j.n?ntfr* Protestant dissenting from the Church of England, Who shall take the aforesaid Oaths, and make and subscribe the above-mentioned Declaration against Popery, and the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall fr; fallowed* be prosecuted in any Court whatsoever, for teaching and instructing Youth as a Tutor or School-master; intuit Youth, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No Diffenm*

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained*shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the enabling of any Person dissenting from the Church of England to obtain or hold the Mastership of any

College or School of Royal Foundation, or of any other endowed College or School for the Education of or Tchooi of

Youth, unless the same shall have been founded since the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties Royal Founda-King William and Queen Mary, for the immediate Use and Benefit of Protestant Dissenters. tion, &c.

IV. And whereas it hath been doubted, whether the said Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of The said Act King William and Queen Mary, be a Public or Private Act be it enacted and declared, That the said* > Mar.

Act, and also this present Act, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be public Acts; and shall be ju- ?od thlS ^p’u° dicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially U

pleading them, or either of them.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise of and Customary Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Pmmhlet

Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of Fee farm Rents and Rccitil of two other Rents; and by another Act passed in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the same King, Act»2»and*$ 4 intituled, An Act for vefing certain Fee farm Rents and other small Rents, in Trustees; or one of them, all Car.il.

the Feeftarm Rents, Rents Service, Rents Seek or Dry Rents, Chantry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle Guard Rents, and other Rents, within the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster, due and payable to the said late King, his Heirs and Successors (except as therein mentioned), were vested in certain Trustees*

and their Heirs, with Powers for them to make Sale thereof, for the Benefit of the said King, his Heirs and Successors, with a Proviso therein contained, that until Sale should be made of the said Rents by the said Trustees, the King’s Receivers should collect and receive the same: And whereas, by an A« at* an of the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne9 intituled, An Act for the better Support of 1 Ann* c her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, divers wholesome Provisions were

made for the Preservation, Improvement, and Increase of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and for preventing the Alienation of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tyth s, Woods,

or other Hereditaments, belonging to her said late Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, with a Proviso therein contained, that the said Act should not disable the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm and other Rents, to execute any the Trusts of the said several Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned: And whereas federal of the said Rents within the Survey of the said Duchy of Lancaster were fold under the said

Authority so given to the said Trustees, but the Residue thereof, consisting of many small Rents, arising and payable in divers Counties, remain unfold, the collecting and Payment whereof is not only charge- able to the Crown, but is troublesome and inconvenient to the Subject \ but forasmuch as the said Trustees, who were fix in Number, are all long since dead, and it has not been discovered which of them was the Survivor, or who is or are the Heir or Heirs of such Survivor, or in whom the legal Eft ite in the said unfold Rents is now vested, for which Reasons no complete Sale thereof can be effVfted,

nor a good Title made thereto, without the further Aid of Parliament: And whereas the King’s Majesty is feiled to himself, his Heirs and Successors, as Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Lancaster, of divers Honours, Manors, and Lordfty'ps, within which are divers Tenants holding of his Majesty Customary or CopyhoM Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, Parcel of the said Honours, Mi- nors, or Lordships, in respect of which said Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, the said Tenants are Vo l. XIII. Part III. Ggg subject,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

406

P*rt of the recited Atta rer pealed.

Fee-farm Rente,

Scc. remaining unfold by the Trustees, to be in the Port’dTion of his Majesty, &c.

Chancellor and ^Council of the Duchy of Lancaster iru powered to fell the said Fee-farm Rents, ICC.

hot not for left thin *5 Yean Purchase,

Owner of the

Lands hereout the Rents are payable, to be preferred in the Purchase thereof.

Form of Grant*.

C. 45.

A.D. 1779.

c fubie&, upon Descent or Alienation thereof, to the Payment of Fines, either arbitrary or certain, Heriots, Reliefs, and other Dues, according to the respective Customs of the said Honours, Manors, or Lord-4 {hips, over and besides the yearly Quit-Rents issuing and payable thereout: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Relief of the said Tenants, and to the Improvement of their respective Estates, if the same could be enfranchised and discharged from the said Burthens incident to their respective Tenures; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said several recited Acts of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of the same King, as relates to or concerns any Fee-farm Rents, or other Rents whatsoever, remaining unfold by the said Trustees, and now in the Survey or Receipt of the Duchy of Lancaster^ or the Officers thereof, or to the Appropriation of the Money to arise by any Sale or Sales thereof; and also so much of the said recited A<R of the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to or concerns any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within or Parcel of the Honours, Manors, or Lordships of the said Duchy of Lancaster, now held by Copy of Court-roll, of being of the Nature of Copyhold or of Customary Tenure, or to any Fines payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon Descent or Alienation of the same, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the said Fee-farm Rents* and other Rents whatsoever, remaining unfold by the said Trustees as aforesaid, and now in the Survey or Receipt of the said Duchy, or the Officers thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, in the actual Seisin and Possession of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, as Parcel of the Possessions of his said Duchy of Lancaster^ in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Acts had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose, and thereupon to grant and assure, in the Name of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under Seal of the said Duchy, unto or to the Use of the respective Purchasers of the said Rents, and to their Heirs for ever, all and singular Fee-farm Rents, Rents Service, Rents Seclc or Dry Rents, Quit Rents, Chantry Rents, Guild Rents, and other Rents, due and payable to the King’s Majesty, as Parcel of the Possessions of his said Duchy, and now being within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, and the Officers of the same, at and for such Considerations in Money as the said Chancellor and Council shall think fit, not being less than after the Rate of twenty-five Years Purchase of the gross Amount of any such Rent or Rents; and that the several Grants and Assurances of any such Rent or Rents, to be so made under the Seal aforesaid, being inrolled in the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, within twelve Calendar Months next after the respective Dates thereof, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, unto the respective Grantees and theif Heirs; and that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, having and taking any such Grant or Assurance, and causing the same to be inrolled as aforesaid, shall, by Force and Virtue of this Act, be adjudged to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Rent or Rents so purchased and conveyed, and shall hold and enjoy the same in perfect Peace, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his Hein or Successors, or by any Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, or Interest, by, from, or under, the said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, heretofore had or charged upon the same Rents, and as fully and amply as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, or his Heirs, might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and shall have and enjoy, under their said respective Purchases, all and every the Benefits and Advantages for the Recovery thereof, and the Arrears thereof, as are or were given or allowed to Purchasers of any Rent or Rents in and by the said Act of the twenty-second Year of King Charles the Second, and by the said other Adf of the twenty- second and twenty-third Years of the same King, and in as large and ample Manner and Form as if such Purchasers had purchased the said Rents under the Trustees appointed or authorised in and by, or under and by virtue of the Powers contained in the said Acts, or either of them.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the immediate Owner of the Lands and Hereditaments whr reout any of the said Rents are due, payable, or issuing, shall be preferred in the Purchase thereof re-fptctively before any other, so as such immediate Owner shall pay and discharge all Arrears of Rent due fn m him or her, and tender himself or herself in Person, or by his or her Agent, to the said Chancellor and Council, to contract for the Purchase thereof, and shall perfedfc his or her Contract, and pay the Purchase Money into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Revenues of the said Duchy, on or before the sixth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at such Rate as shall be agreed upon, not being less than twenty-five Y» ars Purchase, as aforesaid.

V. And be it firther enabled, That all such Grants and Assurances shall and may be made in the following Form of Words, or as nearly thereto as may be; (that is to say,)

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; To all to whom these our present Letters shall come. Greeting: Know 4 ye, that we, in Consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain,

paid into the Hands of our Receiver-general of the Revenues of our Duchy of Lancaster (as appears by the Receipt of the said Receiver-general indorsed on these Presents), and by and with the Advice and Conf ift of our Chancellor and Council of our said Duchy, do by these Presents grant, bargain, and fell, unto A.B. his Heirs and Assigns, all that Rent of [exPf ejJ^g the Rent or Rents] issuing and payable

out of [briefly describing the Lands or Tenements chargeableJ now or late paid or payable by

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45.

[mentioning the Person or Persons, as the Case may be 5] To have and to hold the said Rent or Rents] hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefits and Advantages thereunto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said A- B. his Heirs and Assigns, for ever; [In case there he any fulfilling Lease of the Rent or Rents fold, Words to the following Effect are to be added,] subject nevertheless to the Term and Interest in the said Rent or Rents now outstanding, by virtue of a Lease, granted under the Seal of our said Duchy, bearing Date on or about [^xprcjfing the Date,] unto [^xt>r effing the Lessee,] for a Term of [as the Case may

be,] which will expire on or about [e*pre]sing the Time when the Lease will expire.] In witness whereof,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor and Council to treat and contract, on the Part of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with any Person or Persons, holding any MHTuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Copy of Court-roll, or being of the Nature of of, or of Customary Tenure, or for which any Fine is payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on Descent or Alienation, which are within and Parcel of any of the Honours, Manors, or Lordships of the said Duchy of Lancaster*, for the Enfranchisement thereof, and for discharging the same, and all and every the present and future Owners and Tenants thereof, and their Heirs, from the Payment of all Customary Fines, Fines of Ingress, and other Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other Dues and Payments, to which, by the respective Customs of such Honours, Manors, or Lordships, they are now or would hereafter otherwise be subject and liable, at and for such Prices and Considerations in Money to be paid for the same, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Chancellor and Council, and the Person or Persons holding such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and thereupon to convey and afllire such respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Name of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, to such Person or Persons, and their Heirs respectively, to be holden to such Person or Persons, and their Heirs respectively, for ever, as of the Honour or Manor whereof they are Parcel, in free and common Soccage, freed and discharged from all Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other Customary Dues and Payments, Suits and Services, whatsoever; and that the Deeds for conveying and a (Turing the Came shall be made in the following Form of Wordi, or as nearly thereto as may be; (that is to say,)

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, pefender of the Faith, and so forth; To all to whom these our present Letters shall come, Greeting: Know 4 ye, that wj, in Consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, paid into the Hands of our Receiver-genral of the Revenues of our Duchy of Lancaster, by A.B. one of our of or Customary Tenants of the [as the Case may be,] as appears determined by the Receipt of our said Receiver-general, indorsed on these Presents, and by and with the Advice and Consent of our Chancellor and Council of our said Duchy, do hereby release and confirm unto the said A.B. and his Heirs, for ever, all that [deferihing the Premises\\ To have and to hold the Premises hereby released, with their Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the said A B. and his Heirs for ever, to be holden of the Honour or Manor of which the same is or are Parcel, in free and common Soccage, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other Dues and Payments, Suits, Services, and Customs whatsoever, to which the same, or any Part thereof, are now subject, and to be and continue as Freehold Lands; [and, in case there be any subsisting Lease of the said Fines, Heriots, Re-4 Bents, Dues, Payments, or Customs, Words to the following Effect are to be added] subject never-

theless to the Payment of the usual and accustomed Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other Dues, [or as the Case may be,] during the Term and Interest now outstanding by virtue of a Lease thereof, granted under the Seal of the said Duchy, bearing Date on or about [exPrejfing the Date,] unto C.D. 4 for a Term [as the Case may be,] which will expire on [t*pressing the Time when the subsisting

Leafi will expire.] In Witness, iffc*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Grants, Conveyances, and Aflu-rances, in the respective Forms aforesaid, under the Seal of the said Duchy, shall be good, sufficient, valid, and effectual in the Law, for granting and alluring the said Rents unto the several Purchasers thereof, and their Heirs for ever, and also for conveying and alluring the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein respectively to be comprised, enfranchised, and discharged, unto and to the Use of the several and respective Persons therein to be named, and their Heirs for ever; any Thing contained in the said recited Act of the first Year of Queen Anne to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that the Inrolment of the said Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, in the Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, shall be of the same Force and Validity as Inrolments of Bargains and Sales in any of the four Courts at Westminster.

VIII. Provided always, That where any Lease of any of the aforesaid Rents, Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, or other Customary Dues or Payments, hath been granted under the Seal of the said Duchy for any Term now subsisting, that then, and in every such Case, the said Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, so far as the same relate to or concern any of the Hereditaments comprised in such Lease, shall commence and take Effect only upon or from the Expiration or Determination of such Lease respectively; and that such an Abatement shall be made in the Purchase money for the Hereditaments so in Lease, as shall be agreed upon between the said Chancellor and Council, and the respective Purchasers or Persons therein respectively named; and that the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of such Lease, shall and may have and take all such Remedies in the Law, for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the several and respective Rents, Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, and other Customary Dues and Payments, during the Continuance of such

G g g z Lease,

407

Chancellor and

Council *r the Duchy inn* powered to cn* franchise Land?, Tenement*, Sec,

Form of Deed* of Conveyance, &c.

Thp aforesaid Grants, &c. under the Seal of the Puchv, to be valid in Law.

Proviso r»1a*tnf to such Rents, Fine*, Arc. a« are now under Lease,

40 8.

Tenants for Life of^O pyh. Id Lvnis, &c. imy purchase F.n-franco isement thcuof;

*Mt* ch.vge the I *:t milfi ith the Payment of tlicfjid Puichdfc Money.

Grant*, &c. where the Con-Sderation shall not exceed to I*

not subject to Stsfmp duty.

Enfranchised Premises to re* main subject to Entails, Settle-ment*, &c.

Grant* to fee made at the Expence of the Grantee*, Officers Fees.

C. 45. Anno decimo nano Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Lease, as h,f> (he, oi they would, could, or qiight have had or taken in case this Act had not been made % ac\y Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas it may be convenient to Persons who are seised of of Lands and Estates (being ‘ within and Parcel of the Honours, Manors, or Lordships, of the said Duchy of Lancaster), as Tenants for Life only, to have the same enfranchised,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ic shall and may be lawful for all such Tenants for Life, who are or shall be seised of any such of Lands and Estates as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to contract and agree with the said Chancellor and Council for the Enfranchisement, and for the Purchase of Timber thereon for discharging the said of Lands and Estates from the Payment of all Customary Fines, Fines of Ingress, and other Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other Dues and Payments, to which, by the respective Customs of such Honours, Manors, or Lordships, the same are now, or would hereafter otherwise be subject and liable to, and to pay to the said Chancellor and Council such Price or Consideration as shall be agreed on for the same: And after any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be so enfranchised and discharged from such Fines, Rents, Dues, and Payments, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, being Tenants for Life as aforesaid, to charge such of Lands and Estates with the Payment of the Money to be paid for the EnfranchisemcnC thereof, and for discharging the same from such Fines, Rents, Dues, and Payments, as aforesaid; and for securing the Repayment of such Money with Interest, by Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed by them, and attested by two or more credible Witnesses, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the Lands and Estates so charged as aforesaid, unto ftrch Person or Persons as shall advance and lend the same respectively, for any Term or Number of Years, so as such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and, be void, or with an express Trult to be surrendered, when the Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied,; and also with a Covenant, that such respective Tenants for Life shall pay and keep down the Interest of the Money to be thereby respectively secured during their respective Lives, in such Manner that no Person afterwards coming into Possession of any such Lands and Estates, shall be subject or liable to pay any farther or larger Arrear of Interest than for one Year preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue and commence; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, so to be made as aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law* for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other Incumbrance, of and concerning the same Lands and Estates, or any Part or Parts thereof, then in being or capable of taking Effe#.

X. And be it further enacted, That where the Money to be paid as the Consideration for any such Grant, Conveyance, or Assurance, shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, such Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, under the Seal of the said Duchy, shall be subject to no Stamp-duty for the same; and where the Consideration Money to be paid shall exceed ten Pounds, that the said Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be subject only to such Stamp-duty as is or are, or hereafter may be by Law requifue for any Deeds, whereby Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are conveyed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and Angular the Premises to be enfranchised and discharged as aforesaid, under and by virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the Conveyance and Assurance thereof respectively, remain, enure, continue, and be subject and liable to all such Entails, Wills, Settlements, Mortgages, Leases, Judgments, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, Reversions, and all other Incumbrances, as the same rremifes now are, or'at the Time of the making such Conveyances and Assurances thereof shall or may be subject and liable to, in as large and ample Manner and Form as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Grants and Assurances to be made under the Seal aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall be sued forth and inrolled in Manner herein-before directed, at the Expence of the? respective Grantees therein to be named; and that the several Fees hereafter mentioned, and no.more* shall be charged for the same by the Officers of the said Duchy; (that is to say,)

For Grants of Reals

For Grants of Rents.

To the Register* for drawing and entering the Order for every Contract To the Auditor, for the Particular and Certificate for the Grant To the Clerk of the Council, for drawing, ingrossing, and inrolling the Grant For Parchment 1 s. (or its real Cost, if exceeding besides the Stamp-duty,.

if any required) -

To the Sealer, for the Seal and Wax -

Fpr the Granll For every aidU of i Angle Rent.'ional Rent ifr

/. S.

O 5 o 5 o 10

o

o

I

4

d.

o

o

o

o

o

the same Grant.

k s. d. 010 030 O f o

0

1

o

o

Total of Fees for a Grant of a single Rent -

And for every additional Rent contained in the same Grant

o to o

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45. 409

For Assurancci for the Enfranchisement of of or Customary Tenements

The uhole Charge, when the Descriptions of the Parcels do not

The further Charge for every thirty Words in Excess, where the

Descriptiom of the I’atcels ne-

To the Register, for drawing and entering the Order for every Contrail To the Auditor, for the Particular and Certificate To the Clerk of the Council, for drawing, ingrossing, and inrolling the Assurance For Parchment 1 s. (or its real Cost, if exceeding 1 s. besides the Stamp-duty, if any required) -

To the Sealer, for the Seal and Wax -

For Enfranchisement.

Total for every Assurance, where the Descriptions of the Parcels do not exceed sixty Words -

Words. cessjrily exceed

/. sixty Words.

S. d. /. S. d.

O 5 O O I 0

O 5 O O X 0

O 10 0 0 1 0

O 1 O 0 0 0

O 4 O 0 0 0

I 5 O

Total for every thirty Words in Excess, where the Descriptions of the Parcels exceed sixty Words -

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise by Sale of the said Rents, or by the Enfranchisement and discharging of any of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, and his Successors; and that the Purchasers shall not be liable to fee to the Application thereof, but that the Receipts and Acquittances of the said Receiver-, general for the said Monies, shall be a full Discharge to the Purchasers for the same 5 and the said Monies shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid in and received, be laid out, by the Order of the said Chancellor and Council, in the Purchase of three ter Centum Bank Consolidated Annuities, or in any of, the public Funds, transferable at the Bank of England, in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster; in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit. Transfers to be made of the said Annuities, Funds, or Stock, so purchased, and such Transfers to be accepted by the Receiver-general of the Revenues of the said Duchy for the Time being, who is hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and every the Annuities, Fund, or Stock, to be so purchased and accepted, shall remain invested in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster, and shall not be transferred, or transferable, without the Authority of Parliament; but all the Interest of the said Annuities, Funds, and Stock, shall be from Time to Time paid, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, unto the Receiver-general of the said Duchy for the Time being, and his Successors (whose Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same), as Parcel of the Revenues of the said Duchy, and shall be charged upon, and be answered and accounted for by him to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, accordingly, subject to all such Charges, Incumbrances, and Outgoings, if any such there be (Taxes only excepted), as the said Rents now are, or would have been chargeable with or subject unto in case this Act had not been made.

XIV. And whereas divers Lands and Tenements, Parcel of the said Duchy of Lancaster yzrt held by sundry Persons, by virtue of Grants from the Crown under the Seal of the said Duchy, in Fee-farm, in feme of which Grants all Timber and other Trees to arise and grow in the Lands thereby granted*, are excepted and reserved to the Crown: And whereas divers other Lands, Parcel of the said Duchy, are held by Leases granted under the Seal thereof for Terms of Life or Years, wherein all Timber and other Trees are also excepted and reserved to the Crown: And whereas sundry Parts of the said Lands so held in Fee-farm or by Lease, would, if planted for the Production of Wood and Timber, produce a greater Profit than in 4 a Course of Husbandry; and if the respective Fee-farmers and Lessees thereof were to be benefited by raising and planting Trees for Timber and other Purposes thereon, they might be encouraged so to do*. 4 to the great Utility of the Public; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor and Council to contract with the Owners of Lands, held of the said Duchy in Fee-farm, for the absolute Sale of all Timber Trees and other Trees growing, or hereafter to grow or arise, in or upon such Lands respectively, at and for such Prices or Considerations as shall be agreed upon and mentioned in and by such Contracts respectively; and thereupon to grant, fell, and rtleafe, under the Seal of the said Duchy, in the Name of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, unto the said several and respective Owners of such Fee-farm Lands, and their Heirs for ever, all and singular the said Timber Trtcs and other Trees, which in and by such Fee-farm Grants are or were excepted and reserved to the Crown; and that such Contracts, Grants, Sales, and Releases, shall be valid and effectual unto such respective Owners of the said Fee-farm Lands, for granting, felling, and releasing, unto them and their. Heirs for ever, all such Timber Trees and other Trees, any Law or Usage or any Thing contained in such Grants of Lands in Fee-farm, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor and Council, by their Order to be made in Court of Revenue, to authorise and direct the Surveyors of the Woods for the South and North Parts respectively of the said Duchy for the Time being, to treat with, and to enter into any Contract or Agreement on the Part of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successorg, to and with such Lessee or Lessees, for securing unto such Lessee or LeiTces, and his, her, and their Executors,

Monies to arise by Sale of Rents*, or by Enfranchisement, to be paid to the Receiver-general and laid out in the Purchase of Stock, in the Name of the Duchy of Laa« caller*

Clause for en* couraging the Growth el Timber.

Chancellor an+ Council may authorise tb» SuTvcyrrs of Wo ils to agree-with Letters re--1 a ting to the

4io

Sale of Ttmbei Trees, &c.

[Preamble.]

Recital of the Navigation Act I. Car. II.

C. 46 - 48, Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

cutors, Administrator*, and Assigns, such a fair and reasonable Allowance or Proportion of all Monies which shall, at any Time during the Term and Interest of such LefVee or Leffecs under their respective Leases, arise by Sale of Timber Trees, or other Trees, or Wood, within the Lands so to be held and occupied by him, her, or them, as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Surveyors respectively, and the said Lessee or Lessees or any of them; and also for allowing unto such Lessee or Lessees, at the End and Expiration of their respective Leases, a like fair and reasonable Allowance and Proportion in Money for all Timber and other Trees which shall be then left (landing and growing in and upon their respective Farms, according to the Value of such Timber and other Trees respectively; which Agreement*, being confirmed by Order of the said Chancellor and Council^ shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Pembroke.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

[Preamble.]

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. I. Act 13 Car. II. Act 44 25 Car. II. Act 30 Car. II. Act 8 Geo. I. Act 9 Geo. II. Act 18 Geo. II. and Act 6 Geo. III. before the passing of this Act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 25, 1779, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1779, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, &V. may enjoy all Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by reason of Omiffi >ns. Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment. Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term, 1779, are indemnified and discharged from Penalties. Persons pro- fecuted and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General Issue."

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigationt, as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other his Majesty's Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Acts, or America, which are manufactured in foreign Parts; for preventing Matters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officer inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull.

WHEREAS determined by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of

Africa Asia, or America, shall be imported or brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the islands of 4 (juernfey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are or usually have been first shipped for Transportation,

and from n me other Places or Countries, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid Goods as shall be imported from any other Place or Country, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning

of the said Act, as also of the Ship in which they were imported, with all her Guns, Furniture, Am- munition, Ta(kle, and Apparel: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether such Goods, if carried from the Place or Country of the Growth or Production into any foreign Parts of Europe, and manufactured there, may not be imported from thence into this Kingdom, and other of his Majesty's Dominions in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Importation of such Goods and Commodities so manufactured would be very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain, and would tend to the Ruin of several Artificers and Labourers, whose Families are supported by the manufacturing such Goods and Commodities in this Kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said in Part recited Act, of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Acts, or America, which shall be in any Degree manufactured in foreign Parts, to be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, Ireland or the Islands of Guernsy, Jersey, or Many except and unless the same shall be so manufactured in the Country or Place of which the said Goods and Commodities are the Growth and Production, or in the Place where such Goods and Commodities can only or are first shipped for Transportation, and from no other Place or Country whatsoever, under the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act mentioned; any Ciiftom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless. That this Act shall not restrain or prohibit the Importation of Oil of Cloves, Oil of Cinnamon, Oil of Mace, and Oil of Nutmegs, or of any Goods or Commodities which are permitted to be imported into this Kingdom, under particular Circumstances and Restrictions, by any fub-sequent Act or Acb of Parliament which are now in Force.

III. And whereas Ships and Vessels arriving at the Port of London from Holland and Flanders, and other foreign Parts, and also Ships and Vessels outward bound from the said Port to foreign Parts, are frequently

removed from the lawful Quays, or out of the Stream, to lie at Anchor close to the Back doors of the Houses of the Matters of such Vessels, or at the Public Houses frequented by such Matters on the Side of the River Thames, before they are discharged and cleared by the proper Officers of the Customs, whereby Cambrics, Lace, India Silks, and other prohibited Goods, are very often.run from on board such Vessels, to the Detriment of the Revenue and fair Trader; for Remedy whereof for the future/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the flift Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Ship or Vessel, coming or arriving from foreign Parts, within the Limits of the Port of London, shall be removed out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, before all the Goods are discharged out of such Ship or Vessel; or if any Ship or Vessel, outward-bound from the said Port of London to any foreign Parts, having any Goods or Merchandise on board thereon, shall, during her Continuance in the said Port, be so removed out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, unless upon any Accident or emergent Occasion, immediately to be made known to the Commissioners or Principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and their Consent for those respective Purposes obtained; the Matter, Purser, or other Pet Ion taking Charge of every such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for each and every such respective Offence; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall inform, pro-fetute, or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and ejhiblijlnng public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull y for the better securing his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of King- fton upon Hull; for making a Bason or Docky with Reservoirs, Sluices, Reads, and other Works, for the

Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of his Majesty's Customs at the said Portyfor those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Person whatsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle, or Lamp, lighted (except in the Manner in the said Act for that Purpose mentioned) on board any Ship or Vessel within the Haven, Dock, or Bason, by the said Act directed to be made, in the said Port of Kingston upon Hull (the Vessels employed as Ferry-boats only excepted), at any Time or Times whatsoever, between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth Day of March, in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, and before the Hourof Seven in the Morning; nor at any Time or Times whatsoever, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Mornings upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And whereas, in order to prevent the 4 ‘clandestine running of customable and prohibited Goods from on board Ships or Vessels in the Night, it is absolutely necessary that the Tidesmen, and other Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Excise, stationed on board, and appointed to guard such Vessels for the Security of the public Revenues, should have Liberty to use Lights, properly secured, during their Stay on board, as Occasion may require / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act, or any Part thereof, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain or prohibit any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise from using lighted Candles on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Haven, Dock, or Baffin, in such Lanthorns, guarded, or properly secured against Accidents of Fire, as the Collector of his Majesty's Customs, and the Collector or other principal Officer of Excise, and the Governor or Chairman of the Dock Company at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, shall at any Time think proper to direct and approve of for that Purpose; nor shall any such Officer or Officers be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for having or keeping, or causing to be had or kept, such Lights, in Lanthorns secured as aforesaid, on board such Ship or Vessel; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages to Persons employed in the Bone and

Thread Lace Manufactory.

WHEREAS the Practice of paying Persons employed in the making of Bone and Thread Lace, rn

the Whole or in Part, with Goods instead of Money, is a great Injury ro the Lace*makers, and

tends to the Discouragement of the Lace Manufacture: And whereas it would tend to encourage the

6 4 Manufacture

411

Explanation ef Part of the UU

a a.

Certain Good*, the Importation whereof it not prohibited by this Act,

Penalty on Matters of Shipj removing their Ve fit Is cut of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, In the P rto» London, bef. re the Goods are discharged, &c.

Recital of an Act 14 Geo. III.

The said Act not to extend to restrain any Officer of the Cnf-tems or Excise from uftnjt Lights on board any Vessfl in the Haven, &c. of Kirgfton upon Hull.

[Preamble.]

412

After June 14, 1779, all P*r-ions who shall employ any Lace Manufacturf rs, or shall purchase Lace of them, shall pay them in Money, and not with Goods}

on Penalty of lol.

to he levied by

Dlilrcia*

On Failure of D i 11 ref?, Ol Vender to be committed*

How Lacerna-ke 1 may recover

Debts due to them for Lace fold, or for making thereof*

Ferfoni aggrieved may appeal 10 the Quarter Sessions s

on giving 14 Days Notice*

[Preamble,

Aftft June 24,

1779, every P r-

son rriking Wash

for Distillation, an! havine in l.is Possessi >n a Srill of the cubic C» n ents of two G-llrns, /lu'li be deemed a r >rr>mon Dif-kc.

C. 50. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A-. D. 1779.

Manufacture of Bone and Thread Lace, if the Persons employed therein were in future to be paid in Money only, and if some Provision was made for the more easy and speedy Recovery of such Mo- ney be it therefore enacted by the King’s m- It excellent Majt-fty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fevemy-nine, all Lace Merchants and Dealers in Lace, and all other Persons who shall employ any Person or Persons in the making of Bone or Thread Lace, or who shall buy any Bone or Thread Lace of the Maker or Makers thereof, shall and are hereby required to pay such Person or Persons for their Labour, and for all the Lace so bought of them, in Money only, and not with Goods, or by way of Truck, or in any other Manner whatsoever, either in the Whole or in Part; any Usage or Custjm to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Lace Merchant or Dealer in Lace, or other Person, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, pay any Person or Persons employed in making Bone or Thread Lace, in the Whole or in Part, for their Labour, or for the Purchase of any Bone or Thread Lace, with Goods, or by Way of Truck, or in any other Manner than with Money only, every such Lace Merchant, Dealer in Lace, or other Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied and recovered by Distress and-Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Just.ce of the Peace, within the County, City, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Ownei or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale; and such Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Party or Parties aggrieved; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Justices hall, and is hereby authorised and required to commit the Offender to the common Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of six Calendar Months, linless such Penalty, and the Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due and owing to any Person or Persons employed in the making of any Bone or Thread Lace, for his or her Labour, or for the Purchase of any such Lace, every such Person shall and may apply to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and io case it shall, upon the Oath of the Party complaining (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer), appear to such Justice that such Money is due and owing as aforesaid, then such Justices hall and is hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Forfeiture herein-before imposed is directed to be levied and recovered.

IV. Provided always, that if any Person shall think himself or herlelf aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any such Person to appeal 10 the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place, where the Act, Order, or Proceeding, appealed against shall be made or done, within six Calendar Months next after the making or doing thereof, the Person appealing first giving fourteen Days previous Notice to the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Act, Order, or Proceeding, shall be made or done, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal; and the Justices at such Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs to either Party, as they shall think proper, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the Justices in the said Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all the Parties.

CAP. L.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better fe-

curing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits.

WHEREAS the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits are greatly diminished, and the fair Trader much injured, by Means of small Stills privately made Use of for making and distilling Low Wines and Spirits: And whereas, notwithstanding the many Laws already made for securing these Duties, and for protecting the fair Trader, many gross Frauds are daily practised by evil-minded and indigent Persons,

who aje encouraged in such Practices from the great Length of Time allowed by those Laws for the Payment of, the Duties arising from Low Wines and Spirits: Now, for Remedy of these Mischiefs,* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Person or Persons making or keeping any Wash fit for Distillation, and having in his, her, or their Occupation, Possession, or Custody, any Still or Stills, the cubic Contents of which, when the Head is on, will amount to two Gallons or upwards, Proof being thereof made, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or before one or more of his MajestyY Justices of the Peace, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same, shall be deemed and taken to be common Distillers for Sale, and shall be liable to the several Rates and Duties of Excise, and be subject to the Survey of the Officers of Excite, and to the several Pe-

nalt.es.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 50. 413

nalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now In Force, in any wise relating to Distillers; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinr.

II. And whereas, by an Act passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King Williato the Third, intituled, An Act to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits and Lotus Wines froth Corn, and

Recital -of 1© and 11 Gul. III. Cap. 4i

Officer of Excise discovering any private Still, dec. or any Materiil* preparing for Distillation, may feite the same.

c against the exporting of Beer and Aley and to prevent Frauds in Distillers y it was, amongst other Things,

enacted, That if any Officer of Excise should, under (he Authority of a Warrant from a Justice of the Peace, discover and find any private and concealed Still, Back, or Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, or Ma- terials preparing for Distillation, that in such Case every such Still, Back, or other Vessel, and also such ‘Spirits, Low Wines, and Materials for Distillation, mould be absolutely forfeited, and that the Person or Persons claiming the same should forfeit, for every Place in which such Still, Back, or other Vessel,

shall be found, and also for every such Still, Back, or other Vessel, found therein, the Sum of two bum- dred Pounds: And whereas by one other Act passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for layingfurther Duties upon Sweets; and for le/Tening the Duties and Cip as well upon Vinegar as upon certain Low Wines and Whale Fins, and the Duties upon Branay imported;

and for the more easy raffing the Duties upon Leather 5 and for charging Cinders; and for permitting the Im*

portation of Pearl jijhes 5 and for preventing Abuses in the brewing of Beer and Aley and Frauds in the !m«

portation of Tobacco; it was enacted, That the Proprietor of any private Still, Back, or other Vessel,

which should be discovered, according to the Directions of the before recited Act, or the Person in whose Custody the same should be found, should forfeit and lose, for every such Still, Back, and other Vessel}

the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And whereas it may be doubted, whether, upon the Discovery and finding of private and concealed Stills, Backs, and other Vessels, and of Spirits, Low Wiries, or Ma*

terials preparing for Distillation, by any Officer or Officers of Excise hot having a Warrant from a 4 Justice of the Peace, such private and concealed Stills, Backs, or other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, or Materials preparing for Distillation, are forfeited, and liable to be seized by such Officer, and whether the Proprietor of such private and concealed Stills, Backs, or other Vessels, so discovered, or the Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, are liable and subject to the said Penalty of two hundred Pounds: Now, to obviate all such Doubts/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any Time discover and find any private or concealed Still, Back, or other Vessel, for the making, preparing, or keeping of Wash, Low Wines, or Spit its, or other Materials preparing for Distillation, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Officer

to seize every such Still, Back, or other Vessel, and all such Low Wines, Spirits, Wash, and other Ma-

terials preparing for Distillation, which he shall so find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the House or Place where found, or to remove the same to the Office of Excise next to the Place where m ttn he shall so find and discover the same; and in case the same shall not, within ten days next after such claimed by the Seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful Owner thereof, then the said Stills, Backs, and other Vessels, Owner, they shall Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, and other Materials preparing for Distillation, shall be absolutely forfeited; *forfeited; and and the Proprietor of any such private and concealed Back, Still, or other Vessel, or the Person in whose the ProPMetor Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for every Place in which any such private Still,

Back, and other Vessel, shall be found, and also for every such Still, Back, and other Vessel found therein, the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder, the Officers of Excise, or others acting in their Assistance, in the due seizing such private Stills, Backs, and other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, or other Materials preparing for Distillation, or in remov- rc, JiyonTO. ing the same, or any of them, after Seizure, to the next Office of Excise, as aforesaid; then, and in every Arming officer* such Case, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds. in (rising such

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day Stills, &c. ef June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be per- No Person to aiitted to make Entry of any Workhouse or Place, or of any Still or Utensil for making, distilling, or "^En/7°r keeping, of Low Wines or Spirits, unless such Person or Persons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements stii/for ma* of the yearly Value of ten Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be af- king Low Winea foiled in their own Name, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates in the several rarifties or Places in which or Spirit*, unless they shall respectively reside s and that no Entry of any Workhouse, Place, Still, or Utensil, for making, occupy

distilling, and keeping, of Low Wines and Spirits, then made, or thereafter to be made, of any such Workhouse, Place, SciH, or Utensil, shall be of any Avail to any Person not so qualified, or for any Md ibaiipay to longer Time rhan the Person or Persons so making Entry shall be qualified^ as aforesaid; and every Per- Parito R*t«s. Ton making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be Persons making and1 distilling Low Wines and Spirits without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making and v distilling Low Wines and Spirits without Entry are, by the Statutes in such Case made and provided, now subject unto.

IV. And, for the more effectual securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, made and distilled within Great Britain/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and feveocy-nine, all and every Person Whatsoever, who inr WWOUICB shall make or distil Low Wines or Spirits, shall, weekly and every Week, make a true Entry in Writing b^them^n ma-at the next Office of Excise, within the Limits of which the said Low Wines or Spirits are by him or king LowWinei them respectively made or distilled, of all the Wash by him, her, or them respectively used for the making and Spirit*, of Low Wines and Spirits, within each Week, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of making such true Entry, the Sum of ten Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Distiller who shall not pay and clear off within a Week after he, she, or they, shall have made his, her, or their Entry, or ought to have within a Week made his, her, or their Entry, as aforesaid, shall pay double the Value of the Duty. after Entry, to

thereof, or the Person in whose Custody they are found, shall forfeit, for each Particular, tool. Penalty on oh*

D Hillers to inake Entry, weekly, of all the Wash used

4-14

Certain Words to be painted over the outward D#ar of every Stillhouse, Storehouse, &c,

on Forfeiture of xcol.

Penalty rn buy-ingBritifn-made Spirits of any Person other than a Distiller, &c. who has the before-mention-, ed Words paint* rd over the outer Door of his Still-house, &c. (Exception.)

Hither Buyer or Seller informing against the other Party, shall be discharged of his own Penalty. Penalty on Persons, not having made Entry of all the Places used by them, who shall paint over any of their Doors t he Words Distiller,'Re&i-frer, &c.

All the Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures, &c. contained in for* mer Revenue Laws, to be applied in collect-log. levying, and recovering the Duties and Pc* mlties mentioned in this Actr

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

[Preamble.]

C. 51. Anno decimo nono Georgi 1 III. A.D. 1779.

j*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Maker, Distiller, Re&ifier, and Compounder, of Spirits, who shall make, distil, rectify, or compound, any Spirituous Liquors for Sale within Great Britain, shall cause ro be painted, in durable, large, legible Characters, over the outward Door of each and every Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, and other Place, by him, her, or them, respectively made use of for the making or keeping of British-made Spirituous Liquors, the Words DiJUlkr, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors (as the Case may be); upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall be so made use of by such Maker, Distiller, Re&ifier, or Compounder, without having the said Words so painted as aforesaid, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall either make, distil, rcdlify, or compound, any British-made Spirituous Liquors for Sale, or who shall fell ordeal in any Sort of Spirituous Liquors, shall receive or buy, or procure or employ any Person to receive or buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, any British-made Spirituous Liquors (except at the public Sales of such British-made Spirituous Liquors as have been condemned, and are fold under the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise), of any Person or Persons other than a Maker, Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors for Sale, over the outward Door of whose Stillhouse, Store-house, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the making or keeping of British-made Spirituous Liquors, shall be painted, as aforesaid, the Words Disitiler, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, as the Case may be; every such Person so offemh ing shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And, for the more effectual Discovery of such Offenders,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the offending Party or Parties, whether Buyer or Seller of such British-mzde Spirituous Liquors, who shall first discover and inform against the other of the said Parties, shall, in every such Case; be, and he is hereby declared discharged and acquitted of and from all Penalties and Forfeitures, which, at the Time of such Information given, he might be liable for or by reason of such his own Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifi any Person whatever, other thair such as shall have duly made Entry of all the Places by him, her, or them respectively made use of for making or keeping of British made spirituous Liquors, shall paint, or cause to be painted, over the Dooff of any Place to them respectively belonging, the Words DisUller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, or either of them, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and shall also be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures to which Persons making or distilling Spirituous Liquors for Sale, without making Entry, are now subject unto.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majestys Revenue upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, and imposed, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, miti-gating-, and adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties and Penalties herein mentioned and directed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing, Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all ami every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Method?* Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again ena&e-i in the Body of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty *s Court of Record at Westminster,* or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same-

CAP. LL

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences ro be taken om by all Persons letting Horses to Hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll, and by Time; and! upon certain Carriages therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

( TX J E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective DutUshereia-after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be.

cna-cledf

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 51.

enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice 2nd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, in Great Britain^ who shall let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Port by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire, shall let to Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, any* Horse for drawing any Coadi, Chariot, or Chaise, or any other Carriage used in travelling Post, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose; that for and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in travelling Post, in Great Britain, there be charged a Duty of one Penny for every Mile such Horse shall be hired to travel Post; and that for and in respect of every Horse hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time for drawing, on a Post or other public Road, any Coach, Chariot, or Chaise, or any other Carriage used in travelling Post, there shall be charged, if the Distance shall be then ascertained, the Sum of one Penny per Mile* and if the Distance shall not then be ascertained, there shall be charged the Sum of Twelvepence for and In respect of each Horse so hired; such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse shall be hired; that every Person who shall keep any Four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Pqft-coachy or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the Inside thereof any Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, to and from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the-Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose; that every Four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Post-coach, or by. what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the Inside thereof any Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, to and from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, shall be charged with a Duty of one Halfpenny per Mile such Carriage shall travel, to be paid by the Owners thereof: And for the better and more effectual raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incident Charges, as shall be necessary; and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion; and to do all other A<Sls, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done for putting this A<SI in Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person whatsoever, required by this Act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be authorised and enabled in the Manner herein after prescribed, let out any Horse for Hire, either by the Mile or Stage, or to draw any Coach, Chariot, or Chaise, or any other Carriage used in travelling Post, for a Day, or any less Period of Time, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence, five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties anting by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to let out Horses for Hire, in Manner aforesaid, in any City, Town, or other Place, within Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person or Persons who shall take out such Licence for letting out Horses for Hre in Manner aforesaid, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year ten Days at the lead before the Expiration of that Year for which he, she, or they shall be so licensed, if he, she, or they shall continue to let out Horses for Hire, in Manner aforesaid, and shall, in like Manner, renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for such Licences, as long as he, she, or they shall continue to let out Horses for Hire, in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person whatsoever, licensed or to be licensed by Authority of this Act, shall, by virtue of one Licence, keep more than one Inn, House, or other Place, for letting Horses for the Purposes aforesaid; but for each and every Inn, House, or other Place, which any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall keep for the Purposes aforesaid, a separate and distinct License shall be taken out, and paid for, by such Puftmufter, Innkeeper, or other Person.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed to let Jdorfes as herein-before mentioned, shall cause the WorJs Licensed to let Po/b horsesy to be painted or written, in legible Characters, either on a Si^n hung out, or in some visible Place in the Front of his, her, or their House, Stables, or Out-offices, at the respective Places at which he, she, or they let out Horses to Hire, as aforesaid, to denote that such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Petlon, Is a Letter or Furnisher of Post-horses, and authorised to furnish Travellers with the same pursuant to Law; and if any Postmaster,' Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to let out Horses

H h h 2 for

e

415

After July 5,

1779, f°^m lowing Duties to be paid to his Majesty 5 videlicet,

Evcy Postmaster, who ill all let Horses to Hire for travelling Post, for an annual Licence, 5 s.: Every Person hiring Horses to travel Post, to pay, for each Horse, id. per Mile, or 18. per Day, where the Distanceftiall not be ascertained s Every Person keeping a Diligence, Post-coach, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, for carrying only -four Inside Passengers, for Hire, shall pay annually 5 s. fora Licence; and shall a1 so pay ore Halfpenny for every Mile such Carriage shall travel.

The said Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for the Stamp-duties.

Penalty on Person* letting out Horses to travel

Pf ft without a Licence,

Any two Com-

rr.ilfioners of the Stu t p-duties, or Persons authorised by them, may grant Licence* for letting out Hoil'cs to Hire.

No Person t® keep more than one Inn, for letting Horse*, by virtue of one Licence.

Licenshd Inn-keepeut, &c. to cause certain Words to be pa’n’e.J on the Ficrtiof their House;, A*c. be-foie y 1-t Hu.ci rc» Hire,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

41$

on Feoalij of 5».

Innkeepers, &c. who furoi/h Carriages to travel Port, shall affix thelrNames, and their Places of Abode, on fotne conspicuous Pari thereof;

on Penalty of 5l.

Commissioneri of the Stamp-duties are to deliver, to every Person taking out a Licence, printed or written Papers:

ThoFprm thereof.

And also certain Ticket*

Penalty on Of-cers making Default*

Postmaster*, ftc. on receiving their first Licence, to give Security for the Redelively of Tickets unaccounted fory &C«

C. 51.

A.D. 1779.

for Hire as herein-before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, To offending, (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is <Hre&ed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they, furnish his, her, or their own Chaises, or other Carriages, at the same Time with such Horses let to Hire totravel Po& as aforesaid, mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, upon some conspicuous Part of the Chaise, or other Carriage so furnished, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in plain and legible Characters, and continue the same thereupon, so long as such Chaise or Carriage shall be so used; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect the same, or mark or paint, or cause to be maiked or painted, any false or fictitious Name, or Place of Abode, on such Chaise or other Carriage* he or she shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall, at the Time of issuing such {Licence as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so to be licensed, printed or written Papers, intituled, Stamp-office Weekly Account; in which shall be inserted foe Day of the Week, and Blanks left for the Number of Horses and Miles, and for the Day of the Month, and the Name* of the Postillions or Drivers employed, to be filled up as herein after directed* according to the following Forms Q* such other Form as the said CommUfionets shall judge convenient for keeping such Accounts:

Stamp-office Weekly Account,

if* of C»

Month and Day. Week and Day. Names of Postillions or drivers.

A.B. 1 C.D. E.F. G. H, /. K, L. M. Duty.

N® of 1 N° of N® of N" of N® of N" of

Horses. Miles. X 0 —» fP M Miles. X 0 f s s Horses. s n 01 Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles.

Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday -

And shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Number of Tickets, on which shall be printed or written, if for an Innkeeper, the Name of the Sign or House, if not an Innkeeper, then, in Lieu thereof, his, her, or their Name or Names; and also on such Tickets shall be inserted the Name of the City, Town, or Place, where such licensed Person or Persons reside; and also the Words Horses, », 2, 3, a, 5, or 6, in Figures, as the Tickets may be intended to denote the Numbers; and likewise the Word miles y except where the Horses are let to Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and then, instead of the Word Miles, the Words For a Day shall be inserted, together with the Words Stamp-office^ or some other Mark or Stamp sufficient to ascercain that such Ticket was issued from the Stamp-office, and shall take especial Care that all Persons so licensed shall be sufficiently furnished with such Account and Tickets; and in case any Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thine by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects mall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending shall be liable, in any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed to let Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receiving his, her, or their first Licence, give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the bum of fifty Pounds, with a Condition that he, she, or they will, whenever thereunto required, redeliver, or cause to be redelivered, the Stamp-office Tickets which he, she, or they may have received, and that may remain unaccounted fox by him, her, or them; and that he, she, or they, will also deliver

to

e

4*7

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. jr.

so the Person or Persons (properly authorised by the Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to inspect the same, and to receive the Money due thereon) the Stamp-office Account so delivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, faithfully made out* filled up, signed, and attested, as herern-after directed, and make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the Directions, Matters, and Things herein contained, on his, her, or their Behalf, to be observed and performed; and in case of the Non-performance or Breach of such Condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Persons so appointed by them, to cause each and every such Bond to be prosecuted according to LaW; and in case of Judgment against the Defendant, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, fefufe to grant to such Person, against whom such Judgment shall be obtained, any Licences to let Horses as aforesaid in future.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, licensed as aforesaid, who shall let Horses to Hire by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling Post, shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to the using such Horse or Horses, a/k, demand, and receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons hiring the same, the Sum of one Penny per Mile, for each Mile such Horse shall be so hired to travel, at and after the Rate or Number of Miles which he, she, or they shall charge such Traveller or Travellers for the Stage or Distance such Horse may be hired to go; and shall, at the same Time he or she receives Payment of the Duty for such Horse or Horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Persons hiring such Horse or Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, as Occa-lion shall require, and to which such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall add, of cause to be added, in Words or Figures, the Month and Day of the Month, and the Number of Miles for which such Horse or Horses are so hired: And if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall neglect to a{k, demand, and receive, the said Duty of one Penny per Mile from such Person or Persons hiring such Horse or Horses, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Ticket or Tickets, as herein-before directed, to such Person or Persons so hiring the Horses as aforesaid, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had actually received the same.

X. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Traveller or Travellers, to whom such Ticket shall be delivered as aforesaid, who shall pass through any Turnpike, shall, at the *first Turnpike through which he, she, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Toll-gate Keeper there, the Ticket or Tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the Place where he, she, or they hired such Horse or Horses, which the said Toll-gatherer is hereby dire£ed to receive and file; and if any Traveller or Travellers so going Post as aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such Ticket or Tickets, or shall not deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, he, she, or they shall, before such Horfts be permitted to pass such Toll-gate, pay for every Horse hired and used by such Travellers or Traveller, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence, which the Gate-keeper is hereby author ifed to afic and demand, and not permit such Horses to pass till he, she, or they shall have paid the same, or produce such Ticket or Tickets as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses by the Day, or less Period of Time, as aforesaid, shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to such Horse or Horses being used, ask, demand, and receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons hiring the same, the Sum of one Penny per Mile for each Mile such Horse or Horses shall be so hired to go, where the Distance shall be then ascertained, and where the Distance shall not be then af-certarned, then the Sum of Twelve-pence for each Horse so hired, previous to such Horse or Horses being used; and shall, at the same Time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person so hiring such Horse tjlr Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, with the Words For a Day iftfefted therfcort, as Occafron shall require, and to which any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, ihalladd, or cause to be added, in Words or Figures, the Month, and Day of the Month; and in case fych Horse or Horses shall be hired to return the same Day»with the same Carriage, and any Person or Persons therein by or for whom such Horse or Horses are so hired, then the Words To return; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall neglect to afic, demand, and receive the said Duty of one Penny per Mile, or Twelve-pence, as the Case may happen to be, from such Person or Persons hiring such Horse or Horses, or neglect or refuse to deliver such Ticket or Tickets, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and moreover, in case of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, hi? Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had actually received the same.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed to let Horses as aforesaid shall insertin the Account herein-before specified so delivered to him, her, or them, from the Stamp-office, the Number of Horses used in travelling Post, and the Number of Miles for which such Horses shall have been so used, also the Number of Horses let to Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and the Day of the Month on which the same were used, together with the Names of the PoftiH ions or Drivers employed; which said Account shall be signed by such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, and witnessed by the Hostier or other Servant employed in preparing and getting ready such Horses, and shall be open, when required*, to the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorised, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to inspect the same;

and

Postmaster*, See, letting oatHorset to travel Post, shall receive, for the Use of his Majesty, of the Persons hiring the same, it for every Mile each Horse if to travel;

and shall deliver to them Stamp-office Tickers properly filled up*

Penalty on Ne-gte$ thereof*

Travellers to deliver their Tic* kets at the first Turnpike they shall pass through.

Penalty on Ne-

%ua.

Postmaster*, letting out Horses to travel by the Day, &c, shall receive, for the Use of his Majesty, of the Persons hiring them, id. for every Mile each Horse is to travel; or i s. for each Horse. where the Distance shall notbt ascertained; and ft all deliver to them Stamp-office Tickets properly filled up. Penalty on Postmaster, &c. for Neglect. Enumeration of Particular, to be infrrieJ, by Post-roasters, &c. in the Account to be delivrred them from the Stamp-office*

4i 8

C. 51.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

At what Time licenced Per fen* residing in Lan« d ',n or Westminster, or within five Miles thereof*, or in the B 11s of Morfa-lry, flull deliver their Account* at the Sump, office, &c.

and such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, residing rn the City of London or Liberty of Westminster, shall, the first *Tuesday or Wednesday in every Month, and such other Persons io licenced as aforesaid, residing within five Miles of the City of London, or Liberty of Westminster, or witlvn the B.Us of Mortality, shall, the first Thursday or Friday in every Month, or at such other Times as may be appointed by the said Commissioners, on public Notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them for the Purpose of receiving the same, at the Head Office, the Accounts herein-before directed for the four Weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such Day of Delivery, and shall, within eight Days thereafter, pay such Sum and Sums of Money which shall appear to be due thereon to the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Duties, fir the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in Lincoln s Inn, or wherever else the same may be held, upon Pain of forfeiting ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering in such Account, and double the Amount of the Money so due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person for the said Rates or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, not residing within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within five Miles of the same, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at all such Times and Places to be appointed for that Purpose as herein after mentioned, produce and deliver the Accounts herein-before directed for the Weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such Delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the Person or Persons duly authorised, by Commission under the Hands and Seals of three of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to receive such Accounts, and the Money due thereon, and at the same Time pay to such Person or Persons all Sum and Sums of Money which shall appear to be due upon such Accounts, under the Penalty of ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Accounts, and double the Amount of the Money due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person for the said Rates or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Ticket delivered from the Stamp-office, that shall appear with the Number of Miles expressed therein, either in Words or Figures,

ed ^ereiniPfhalV deemed a Ticket upon which the Duty has been received, and shall be accounted and paid for by the Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, according to such Number of Horses and Miles marked there* on, at and after the Rate aforesaid.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, who shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, or making false Accounts, or any other fraudulent Contrivance, Device, or Pretence whatsoever, with an Intent 01 Design to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act, or any Part thereof, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as herein after directed; and the said Commissioners shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after Judgment obtained against such Offender, refuse to grant to such Offender any Licence in future.

XVI. And, in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted, by permitting Carriages conveying Persons Pod to be drawn by Horses which have paid the Duty for the Stage, under the Pretence of such Horses being upon the Return home;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, who shall take the Hire for such Horses by thei Mile, or from Stage to Stage, shall be considered as the Person to whom the Duties herein-before granted shall be pnid, and shall be chargeable with and accountable for the same, as if such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, was the actual Proprietor of such Horses, although the same may belong to, and be the Property of, any other licensed Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person.

XVII. And, in order to prevent evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted upon Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, under Pretence of the letting such Horses for a Day, or any less Period of Time/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, at whose Inn, House, or other Place, kept for letting Horses to Hire, any Traveller or Travellers shall change Horses, shall let to Hire any Horse or Horfts, to such Traveller or Travellers, in any other Manner than by the Mile or Stage; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall act contrary hereto, he, she, or they, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned

XVIII. And, in Compensation for the Trouble every Toll-gate Keeper may have in and about the Execution of this Act, and for an Encouragement to discover and detect Frauds that may be committed against the same/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver-general at the Head Office, and the said other Collectors, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay to the respecti^e Toll gate Keepers, who shall deliver, as herein after mentioned. Tickets by him or her received a; such respective Gates, the Sum of ten Shillings, where the Duties upon such Tickets shall amount so one hundred Pounds; and at and after that Rate for Tickets where the Duties thereon shall amount to any greater or less Sum than one hundred Pounds, and also allow such Toll-gate Keeper to retain the Money collected by him from such Traveller or Travellers who shall not, pursuant to this Act, have delivered Tickets to such 'Foil gate Keeper, as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for the Compensation and Allowance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the Tickers herein-before mentioned by him or her received, if within five Miles of London, then to the Head Office there, or to such other Place within the Dills of Mortality as the Commissioners shall appoint; and if beyond the D(1 jnee of five Miles from London, then to such Places, and at such Times, as the Collector appointed to collect such Duties shall require, and deliver up, or cause to be delivered up, such Tickets to the Receiver-general or Collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

Where and when licensed Persons living in other Part* or the Kingdom shall deliver their Accounts, See,

AH Tickets hiving the Number of Mile* exprefT-

be accordingly p >id for by the Postmaster, See, Penalty on Post-snafteis, See, who shall endeavour to def>and his Majesty of the Rates imposed by this Act.

Ivery Postmaf-ter, &c. who shall take the Hire for Horses travelling Post, shall be accountable for the Duty.

No Postmaster, Sic. at whose Hi use any Traveller shall change Horsei, shall let them tiny otherwise than by the Mil: or Sta^e.

Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties shall pay to the Toll-gate Keeper* 10?. where the Dutie* on Tickets delivered by them shall amoint to lco I. See,

Where and when

the Tull-fate Keejeis shall bring the said Takas.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 51. 419

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper who shall have received such Stamp-office Tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cause to be brought, such Tickets, at the Times and Places aforesaid, shall, upon Demand made at the Gate of such Turnpike, deliver such Tickets to the Collector to be appointed by the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as aforesaid; and if any Toll-gate Keeper shall refuse to deliver up all and every such Stamp-office Tickets, so received by him or her, upon such Demand as aforesaid, every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for each Ticket he or (be shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, Qr other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, not residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at the Times and at the Places to be mentioned at the Foot of the first Licence granted to him, her, or them, when the same shall be delivered, and afterwards at the Foot of every Receipt which shall be given by the Collector for the Money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the said Duties, attend, and there deliver in and pass his Account, and pay the Duty received by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, to the Collector so appointed to collect the same: Provided that no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the Payment of the far’d Duties, or other causes whatsoever touching or concerning the same, if he, she, or they live in a Market-town, out of the said Town, or if he, she, or they live out of a Market-town, then to no other Place than to the Market-town nearest to his, her, or their Habitation.

XXII. Provided also y and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Horses used in Hackney-coaches, licensed pursuant to several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose; nor to any Horse or Horses used in the drawing of any Coach, Chariot, or Chaise, or any other Carriage, used in travelling Post, where such Horse or Horses shall be hired to return before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day with the same Carriage, and any Person or Persons therein by or for whom such Horle or Horses were hired, and shall actually return accordingly.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Horse hired by the Mile, or Stage, shall be deemed to be hired to travel Post, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, although the Person or Persons hiring the same do not go or travel several Stages upon a Post-road, or change Horses; and although at the Stage or Place at or to which such Horse shall be hired there shall not be any Post-house; and although there shall not be any Post settled or established on the Road, or any Part thereof, upon which such Horse shall be hired to go; any Thing herein-before contained, or any Law or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, licensed to let Horses in Manner aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for his or her Executors, Administrators, or other Persons succeeding to such Inn, House or other Place, to let Horses to Hire in Manner aforesaid, until such Time as such Person shall procure such Licence, and give such Security as herein-before directed, without being liable to the Penalty herein-before inflicted upon the Persons letting Horses to Hire without being licensed in that Behalf, provided such Licence be taken out within thiny Days after the Death of such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person; and such Person or Persons shall be subject to the same Rjles, Regulations, and Charges, and liable to account, and to the Payment of the same Rates and Duties hereby imposed, as such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, was subject and liable to.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person who shall keep any four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Post-coach, or by what Name soever such Carriage or Carriages now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying, in the Inside thereof, any Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, shall let out the same for such Purpose, without having first obtained a Licence under the Hands of two of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for that Purpose, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Time such Machine shall be so used, the Sum of five Pounds> to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act', any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or feme Person duly authorised(by them, shall grant Licences, under their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons who shall apply for the same, to let out for Hire any such.* Diligence, or other Carriage, for the Purpose aforesaid, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to commence from the Day of the Date of such Licence; which foid Licence shall be renewed at least ten Days previous to the Expiration of the Year for Which it was granted; and if the Person or Persons so licensed shall continue to let out for Hire such Machine, Diligence, or Carriage, as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, in the same Manner, renew such Li--cence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sumjs due for such Licence, and so yearly and every Year, as long.as he, she, or they shall continue to let such Diligence, or other Carriage, in Manner aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, so licensed to-let out Diligences, or other Carriages, in Manner aforesaid, shall, by virtue of one Licence, keep more than one Diligence, or other Carriage, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, fc licensed to use any Diligence or Carriage as aforesaid, to and from Stegc to Stage, or fresh Place to Place,

shall

Penalty on Toll-gate Keepers who shall not deliver up Tickets on Demand.

Where Portia afters, &c. residing outcf the Bills of Mortality, are to attend and pass their Accounts.

This Act not to extend to Horses used in Hackney-coaches,

&c.

All Horses hired by the Mile, or Stage, shall be deemed hired to travel Post.

On the Death of any licensed Postmaster, &c,

his Executors, &c. shall not be liable to any Penalty for letting Horses to Hire, provided they take out a Licence within 30 Dajs after his Dec.t-»

No Person fltell-let out for Hue any Diligence, or Host-coach, &c. without a "Licence, on Penalty of 4l. for each Offence.

Commissioners of Stamp-duties to grant such Licences to all Persons who shall apply for thorn#

Only one Diligence, See, to be kept by virtue of one Licences All licensed Persons to pay One HJf-penny lor

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

420 C. I*

A.D. 1779.

every Mile their Diligence, &c. shall travel; and shall declare, when they receive their Licence, to and from what ' Places it is intended to be used, and how often.

Difrretionary Powers vetted in Commissioners relative to Diligences, Sec parting and repaf-ting within xz Miles of London,

The Name of the Owner of every Diligence, &c. to be painted on the Out-tide of each Door,

Where and when the Duties anting from Diligences, &c. Hull be paid.

Licensed Pro* prictor of aoy Diligence, &c. to give seven Days Notice before he difeonti-nue the same. Postma'fters, &c. to be allowed 3d. in the Pound out of the Monica to be accounted for and paid by them.

Penalty on forging any Ticket, or uttering the same.

Pecuniary Pe-nilties amounting to 20 1. to go One-half to his Majesty, and the other 10 the Informer,

shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one Halfpenny for every Mile every such Carriage or Carriages shall be so used or travel, as aforesaid.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, so licensed to use such Diligence, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, declare from what Place, and to what Place, such Diligence or other Carriage is intended to be used, distinguishing the Distance or Number of Miles between the two extreme Towns or other Places speh Diligence or other Carriage is to go, and the Number of Journies each such Diligence or Carriage is so intended to be used, either in the Day or in the Week, as the Case may happen to be, that the Came may be infeited in such Licence; and all and every Person or Persons, so licensed for such Purpose as aforesaid, shall give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of twenty Pounds, with a Condition for the faithful accounting for and paying such Sums as may be due for the Journies such Diligence or other Carriage may have so made.

XXX. And, in regard it may be difficult to ascertain the Number of Times such licensed Diligences, or other Carriages, making short Stages about London, may go in a Day,’ it is hereby provided and enacted, That the Commissioners for managing the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them, or such Officers as they shall appoint in chat Behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to make such Allowances as shall appear to be just to any Person or Persons licensed to use any Diligence, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, to go from and to return to London, where the Distance does not exceed twelve measured Miles, upon Oath made by the Owner of such Diligence, or other Carriage, before the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or such Officers so to be appointed, as to the Number of Journies actually made m a Day by such Diligence or other Carriage, where the same shall differ from the Number expressed in such Licences; which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby required to administer, and to examine^nto all the Circumstances relative to the Number of Journies so made by such Diligence, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to make such Regulations, with respect to such Diligences, or other Carriages, where such Allowances are applied for, as they shall, from Time to Time, find nc-cessary, as well for the effectual securing the Duties on such Diligences, or other Carriages, as doing Justice to the Owners or Proprietors thereof,

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons so licensed to use every such Carriage as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside Pannel of each Door, before he, she, or they shall use the same for the Purpose aforesaid, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, mentioning the Place from whence they set out, and to which they are going, in plain and legible Characters,; and every Proprietor of every such Diligence or other Carriage as aforesaid licensed to go from London to any other Place, of from any other Place to London, shall, on the first Monday in every Month, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and two in the Afternoon, unless the same be an Holiday, and then on the next Day, not being an Holiday, clear the said Duties charged and become due by virtue of this Act, by paying the same to the Receiver-general of Stamped Velium, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Dunes, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in Lincoln's Inny or wherever die the same may be held; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be licensed from any Town in the Country to any other Town than London, then such Proprietor or Proprietors shall clear the said Duties, by paving the same to the Person duly authorised, by Commission under the Hands and Seals of three of his Majesty's Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, to receive the same, under the Penalty of ten Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, That every such licensed Proprietor or Proprietors of any Diligence or other Carriage as aforesaid, who shall lay down and discontinue the Use of the same, shall give Notice, in Writing, seven Days at lead before he, she, or they shall lay down or discontinue such Diligence or other Carriage, and shall have such Notice indorsed upon the Back of such his, her, or their Licence or Licences, or upon the Bond so to be given as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on Payment of all Arrears, shall be no longer charged or chargeable for or in respect of such Diligence or other Carriage.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver-generalatthe Head Office, and the said other Collectors duly appointed to receive the Duties hereby imposed, shall make an Allowance to the several Postmasters, Innkeepers, or other Persons licensed as aforesaid, and they shall be intitled respectively to deduct for their own Use, at and after the Rate of Three-pence in the round, out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such Receiver-general or other Collector, according to the Directions herein-before contained.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely mike, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited; or wilfully act or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any Ticket, oy this ACk authorised or directed fobe used, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter or publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Ticker, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and applied as herein-before directed and declared.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed, amounting to twenty Pounds or more, shall be divided and distributed, to wit, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminsterf for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Billj rlaint, or Information,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo o Georgii III. c. 52.

wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace, reftding near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to bear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty not exceeding twenty Pounds: which said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to summon the Party scented, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party, shall proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fa&; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this A A is directed, and to award and issue out their Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if an?; and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain until such pecuniary Penalty shall be paid and satisfied; and if either Party shall find himself aggrieved by the Judgment of the said Justices, then he or they shall or may, upon giving Security to the Amount or the Value of the Penalties and Forfeitures so awarded by such two Justices, appeal to the justices of the Peace aft the next General Quarter Sessions for that County. Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses, upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case of Conviction, to issue Warrants for levying the Penalties as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Justices, where they shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as they shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to left than double the Duties over and above the said Costs and Cfcuges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary no twit h (landing.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the federal Duties herein-before granted shall be paid* from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being dedii&ed) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charges on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Montes arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such Other-Charges and Expences at are directed to be paid and payable purftiant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Monty by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery).

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Annet (intituled, An Act for establishint a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions)y as reflrains any Persons, other than the Postmaster-general for the Time being, and the respective Deputies and Substitutes of such Postmaster-general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to Hire, or furnishing Horse9 or Furniture for riding Post within this Kingdom, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, melefted^, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of anydause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Iffiae, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonfished, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only.

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the Britiftl Fishery in foreign Partly and for better fenuring the Duties on Salty Pilchards cured for Exportation are exempted from the Payment of any Duty on Salt to his Majesty, except the Customs payable on the Importation

thereof: And whereas of late Times the Pilchard Fishery hath been so much increased, that the Demands of foreign Markets have been found inefficient to take off and vend the Quantities of Pilchards cured at a Price adequate to encourage and preserve a Fishery so valuable: And whereas, upon a 4 serious View and Investigauoaof the State of the said Fishery, there is Reason to hope that the same

421

Two Justices m y determine any Offence against this Act, if the Penalty does not exceed 201.

PerTont aggrlered may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Justices may mitigate the Penalties.

Receiver' general of Stamp-dutiee to pay the Duties granted by this Act into the Exchequer. Auditor to keep a separate Ac-coont thereof.

Part of an Act of 9 Anee repealed.

[Treble Costs.]

Pet (bos sued for any Thing done in purfo-ance of this Act, may plead the-General Issue, and recover

[Preamble.]

Recital of an Act 5 Geo.

42 2

Af n J i’y 5, 17-9 Dui.es 00 Suit used in *uri .<! f:i:ch*rdl t t Hon.e Consumption, to cease.

New Oath to be t-ken by the Proprietors of Salt delivered Duty free at the Beginning of the fithing Season for Pilchardi, &c.

PiUhards for Honre Consumption to be cn-tf ltd at the neit Salt-offhc; and a Duty of 5 *. 2 c. Halfpenny to be paid fur every Calk of 50 Gallons.

No Curer to fell less than 25 Gallons at a Time.

On r#ny, and Payment of the Duty, Scq. a Permit to be given gratis by the Salt-officer. Penalty on felling in lets Quantities than above-meouaaed, &c.

Retailm of Pilchards not to boy left than 25 Gallons at a Time, nor refuse to discover the Waives af the Carers.

Penalty*

Proprietors of Sa t delivered Duty-free f< r Curing Pilchards for Exportation, i t, in their-Account at the End of the Season, to etpress the* Quantity en-(cted for Hon.e

Jr. case the Duties on inilt

C. 52. Anno decimo nono Georgii ID, A.D. 1779.

may be preserved, and carried on in its full Extent, if, under proper Regulations, a reasonable Abatement were made in the Duty on Salt used in the curing of all such Pilchards as may be appropriated for Home Consumption be it therefore enacted by the ICing's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Duties now payable on Salt used in curing of Pilchards for Home Consumption, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the Beginning of every Fishing Season for Pilchards, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt delivered Duty-free for the curing of Pilchards for Exportation, pursuant to the said Act, or his or their Agent or Agents, shall, instead of the Oath icquired by the said Act, make Oath, in Writing, before the Officer for the Duty on Salt, at the Office nearest to the Place where the Salt is lodged (who is hereby impowered to administer the same), declaring the Quantity of the foreign or British Salt respectively lodged for the curing of Fish, and that all the said Salt is intended for the curing of Fish for Exportation only, and shall not, by his or their Order, Consent, or Connivance, directly or indirectly, be fold, given away, or any Way delivered, but for the Purpose aforesaid, except so much thereof as shall be used for curing such Pilchards as shall be entered with the Officer of the Place for Home Consumption, and charged with the Duties by this Act chargeable thereon.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Curer of Pilchards, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, before he removes any Pilchards (except for Exportation) from the Office, Cellar, or Place, where the same shall be cured, mail, from Time to Time, make Entry thereof at the next Salt-office; and shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of five Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny for every Cask or Barret, containing fifty Gallons of cured Pilchards, so to be removed, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity, in Lieu and full Satisfaction of any other Duty imposed or laid on British or foreign Salt, to his Majesty, in respect of Pilchards cured as aforesaid, for Home Consumption; and that no such Curer shall fell a less Quantity than twenty-five Gallons of Pilchards at any one Time; and that such Pilchards shall be packed or put up in Casks, each Cask not containing less than twenty-five Gallons, and the Contents of such Calks shall be marked on the Heads thereof, by the proper Officer of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties; and upon. Entry and Payment of the Duty, and marking such Casks as aforesaid, a Permit shall be given gratis by the Salt-officer, expressing the Contents of the Casks for which the Duty shall be paid, as aforesaid, and the Marks of such Casks, and for what Place the same are intended, and whether to be sent by Land or Water Carriage; on Pain of forfeiting all the Pilchards that shall be fold in less Quantities than herein* before mentioned, or that shall be removed or carried away before Entry is made, and the Duty paid, and' without the Calks containing such Quantity of Pilchards at the least, and being marked, and such Permit obtained as aforesaid, and of the Cask or Vessel in which such Pilchards shall be found, and also the Sum of forty Shillings for every twenty-five Gallons of Pilchards so fold or removed, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity, to be recovered from the Person or Persons who shall so fell, remove, or carry away, the same; one Moiety thereof for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall seize, sue, or inform for the same, to be sued for, recovered* and levied, in such Manner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any Law of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and all and every Officer and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or Duties upon Salt, are hereby authorised and impowered to seize all such Pilchards so fold in less Quantities than herein-before mentioned, or removed or carried away before Eotry and Payment of Duty, and all other Things performed as aforesaid, and the said Casks or Vessels wherein they shall be found.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons purchasing Pilchards to fell by Retail shall, at any one Time, buy a less Quantity than twenty-five Gallons, and shall also be obliged, upon Demand, or Inquiry made of him or them for that Purpose, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in some reasonable Time of the Day, to discover to such Officer or Officers the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of the Curer or Vendor of any Quantity or Quantities of Pilchards then in his Possession; and that if any such Retailer shall purchase a less Quantity of Pilchards than is before mentioned, or shall, upon such Demand or Inquiry, refuse to discover the Name and Place of Abode of any such Curer or Vendor, every Person so offending shall, in each Case, forfeit the Quantity or Quantities of Pilchards so purchased, or respecting which such Demand or Inquiry shall be made, and the Cask or Casks (if any) wherein the same shall be contained, and also the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered by the Ways or* Means, and in Manner herein-before mentioned or directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt delivered Duty-free fos curing Pilchards for Exportation, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, shall in the Account which, after the End of every Fishing Season, they are to deliver in Writing into the Salt-office, containing the Quantity of Fish exported, or entered and shipped to be exported, on which the Salt taken away, after its Delivery into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, has been used or consumed, as by the former Law is directed (and under the Penalties thereby prescribed), exp refs also the Quantity of Pilchards entered, for Home Consumption, on which such. Salt has been used. or consumed.

Consumption, en which such Salt has been used.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Duties of Excise on*Salt fwbich now* amount to three Shillings and Four-pence per bushel on home-made Salt^and six Shillings and Eight-pence'

per

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 53 - 55. 423

per Bushel on foreign Salt), or any of them, shall cease, determine, or be redeemed by Parliament, then bc ,pr*

the Rate or Duty of five Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny for every Calk or Barrel, containing fifty *r

Gallons, hereby imposed upon cured Pilchards for Home Consumption, shall cease, or be lessened in Pro- (»j!Chard« portion to the Duties on Salt that shall so cease, determine, or be redeemed 5 any Thing herein contained 0, 11 u* to the contrary notwithstanding. in Proportion.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton-wool, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Importation of Cotton-wool, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies and Plantations in America^ may be increased, and the Manufacture thereof promoted and en- After June 14,

couraged, if the Duties now payable on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom are discontinued \ mlu-

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the 0ef cluonl Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority wooi, the of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- Growth of the nine, the Duties now payable upon Cotton-wool, the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plan- Prilini <-'oicni« tations in An.erica, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts beyond the Seas, shall cease, determine, JhaiiTcafe* and be no longer paid or payable; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Cta

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That due Entries shall The aforesaid be made at the Custom-house of all such Cotton-wool, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the ^0lt®0;wn°°,rttJ Quantities and Qualities thereof, as was used and practised before the making of this Act; and such Cot- t*d ftJppe^in ' ton-wool shall be shipped outwards in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs appointed for the Preface of that Purpose; and the Exportation thereof shall be in British-built Ships or Vessels, navigated according to proper o5kcju|i Law* and on Failure of the said Conditions and Directions, or any or either of them, the said Cotton- &c. cr otherlT'e wool shall be liable to the same Duty as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein-before con- £*btle to tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the sixteenth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to author ife, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by Hard Labour, of Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majestjs Colonies and Plantations. [ Further continued to July 1, 1779.]

CAP. LV.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS certain Acts may have been made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, appointing the first Meetings of the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Acts in Execution upon certain Days, which have elapsed before, or happened upon, the respective Days of passing such Acts, and Doubts may arise, whether in such Cases the Commissioners or Trustees appointed in and by such Acts are authorised to meet and carry such Acts into Execution may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and bc it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or have passed during this present Session of Parliament, and the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Act or Acts in Execution shall not have met and holden their first Meetings on the respective Days appointed by such Acts respectively, or shall have met and holden any Meetings without sufficient Authority so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees, or such Number of them as by such Acts are authorised to meet and to put such Acts in Execution, to meet and proceed in the Execution of such Acts respectively, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Parliament; and all such Meetings so had, shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and e(feftual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners or Trustees had met and proceeded to put such Acts in Execution on the Days appointed in and by such respective Acts, or as if they had been authorised by such respective Acts to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holdrn, as aforesaid 5 and all Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall be done by such Commissioners or Trustees in the Execution of such Acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their fit ft Meetings had been held on the Days appointed by such Acts respectively, or as if they had been authorised by such respective Acts ta have hoJden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid.

[Preamble.]

If the Commissioners or Trustees appointed to execute any Act of this Session, shall not have met as therein appointed, 8c:» they may meet on or before »* e Day Fortnight next after the End of this Seffi^n.

42

C. 56.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

PreamM*.

I? Geo. III. Cap. 50, recited#

Part rfthe fiid rtj.ealed.

The Doty granted by the former AQ. of 6 <k in th- Pound out of the Purchase money of Plate and Jewel*, repealed j

and a Duty of 3 d, in the Pound tubfti-Yuted indeed thereof.

Vo Person to fell Irtatra, Goods, &c. as an Auctioneer, without having takeo cut a Licence,

Where Licences Hull be taken out for England and Wales j

CAP. LVI.

An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of.an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction \ and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments \ as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers 5 and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments; certain Duties were imposed on all Licences to be taken out by Persons felling Estates, Goods and Chattels, by Auction, and on the Purchase money of the Things so fold: And whereas the Powers, Rules, and Regulations, therein pre- feribed for ascertaining, securing, and collecting, the said Duties, and for preventing Frauds therein, have been found ineffectual to secure the Payment thereof; and the said Duties have, by reason of various Frauds and Evasions, been greatly decreased or withheld: for Remedy thereof, and for the better securing the Payment of the said Duties/ be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the several Powers, Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, by the said Act given and directed, for granting Licences to Auctioneers, and for collecting and managing the Duties by the said Act imposed on Licences to be granted to Persons felling by Auction, and on the Purchase money of the Estates, Goods, and Effects so fold, shall cease and determine, and be no longer used, except in all Cases relating to the Recovery of any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before, the said fifth Day of J*fy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

« 4

II. And whereas, by the said recited Act, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raffed, levied, collected, and paid, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Six-pence for every twenty Shillings, out of the Purchase- money arising by Sale at Auction of all Plate and Jewels: And whereas the said Duty of Six-pence in every twenty Shillings, out of the Purchase money of the said Goods, has been found to prevent, in a 4 great Measure, the Sale of the said Goods by Auction, to the Prejudice of the Revenue intended to be raised by the said Act / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said Duty of Six-pence in every twenty Shillings, out of the Purchase-Money of the said Goods, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed \ and that the Sum of Three-pence for every twenty Shillings, out of the Purchase money arising by Sale at Auction of all Plate and Jewels, shall be raised, levied, and collected, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Herrs and Successors; the said Duty to be paid, accounted for, recovered, and applied, in such and the like Manner as the other Rates and Duties, granted by the said recited Act upon Sales by Auction, are directed to be paid, accounted for, recovered, and applied; any Thing the rein, or in this present Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And, for the better preventing the like Frauds, and for the more effectual securing the Payment of thf Duties by the said Act imposed/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person whatever, not already licensed according to the said Act, who now, or at any Time or Times hereafter doth or shall ex-crcife the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or Seller by Commission, at any Sale of any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, by Candle, by Lot, by Parcel, or by any other Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highest Bidder is deemed to be the Purchaser, or who shall act in such Capacity, shall presume to deal in, vend, or sell, any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by public Sale or otherwise, by way of Auction as aforesaid, in any Manner whatsoever, without first taking out a Licence, in Manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall so put up to Sale, or fell, any such Estate, Goods, or Effects, by public Sale, by way of Auction, as aforesaid; and in which Licence shall be set forth the true Name and real Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the same, for which he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for each and every Licence, so to be taken out from Time to Time, the several Sums of twenty Shillings and five Shillings, by the said Act granted, over and besides any other Duties or Payments to which such Person or Persons may be liable for trading in, vending, or felling, any Gold or Silver Plate, or otherwise, in Manner following; that is to say, If such Licences be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licences, whether they be granted for felling by way of Auction within the said Limits, or in any other Part of England or Wales, shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners for the Duties of Excise for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the said respective Duties shall be paid at the said Chief Office of Excise in London; but if the Licence for feUing by Auction, in

the

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 56. 425

the Parts of England and Wales not within the said Limits, shall be taken out without the Lihifts aforesaid* then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts, and the said Duty of five Shillings, by the said Act imposed, shall be paid for the same to the Collector of Excise who shall grant and deliver the same:

And in case such Licences shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Scotland, and where for such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty *s Commissioners Scotland, of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall appoint for that Purpose; and the Duty of five Shillings, by the said Act imposed for the same, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Scotland, in the same Manner as is herein-before described in regard to the Licences to be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Exdfe ih London; but if such Licences shall be taken out in any Part 6f Scotland, not within the Limits of thO Chief Office of Excise in Scotland, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Coliedions and Districts, and the said Duty, by the said Act imposed for the same, shall be paid, by each and every Person and Persons so taking out such Licences, to the Collector of Excise who shall so grant and deliver the same; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, and the Persons so to be appointed, as aforesaid, by them respectively, and iilfo such Cdlkdors are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, upon their paying the Duty by the said Act directed to be paid for eadh and every such Licence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons already licensed, Licences to be or who, after the said fifth Day of Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall take out any renewed an-such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence, ten Days at least before nually. the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after taking out the first Licence, before he, she, or they do prefiime to vend or sell, by way of Auction, as aforesaid, and in the same Manner t6 rehew every such Licence from Yeafr to Year, paying down "the like Sum of twenty Shillings, or five Shillings, respectively, by the said Act imposed for each and every new or renewed Licence, at the Place and at the Times before mentioned: And if any Person Or Persons not already licensed as aforesaid, shall prefome or offer to vend or sell by way of Auction as aforesaid, without first taking out such Licence, of without renewing the same yearly in Manner as aforesaid, such Person or Persons mall, if the Offence shall be committed within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London* forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if such Offence shall be committed in any Place without the said Limits, then such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And whereas, by the said recited Act, a Rate or Duty of Three-pfence is to be raffed; levied, col- leded, and paid, for every twenty Shillings of the Purchase money arising by Sale at Auction of any Inter eft, in Possession or Revetfion, in any Freehold, of, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses,

or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Urenfils in Huf- bandry and Farming Stock, Ships, and Vessels, and ofahy reversionary Interests in the Public Funds, and the Sum of Six-stence for every twenty Shillings out of the Purchase money arising by Sale at Auction of all Fixtures, Furniture, Plate, Jewels, PidUres, Books, Horses, and Carnages, and all other Goods and portion for any Chattels whatsoever: And whereas it may be doubted Whether the said respective Rates and Duties so greater or leu imposed as aforesaid, ire payable for any Part of such Purchase money not amounting to the Sum of Su"*

twenty Shillings: Now, to obviate all such Doubts,* rt h hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Rates and Duties of Three-jfence and Sixpence so imposed, as aforesaid, was intended to be charged, and is hereby declared to be charged and chargeable, for every twenty Shillings of the said Purchase money, and in Proportion for arty greater or lesser Sum of the Purchase money arising or to arise by Sales at Auction.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July^ After July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said respective Rates and Duties of Three-pence and 1779, the Six-pence by the said Act imposed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, a Charge upon every Auctioneer r*id Pulics

or Seller determined by Commission, immediately from and after the knocking down of the Hammer, or other closing ^eaAuh^nu of the Bidding, at every Sale by way of Auction, and that the Rates and Duties so charged shall be paid, jmemcdiat^1 f-by every such Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, in Manner and at the Times herein after men- ter the elofing

tioned. of every Sale.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Every Aue-Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Person not already licensed, acting as Auctioneer tioneer within as aforesaid, at any public Sale or Auction within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the Limit* of shall, at the Time of receiving the Licence, give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef- the Excise-office fora, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, with two or mote sufficient Sureties, which Security the Commissioners for the Duty of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, or stich Person or Per- Licence, flnii b« fons as the said Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint to deliver out the Licences as bound to his aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to take, that he will, within twenty-eight Days Majesty, io after each and every Sale by wary of Auction, deliver, at the Chief Office of Excise in London^ to the Per- :col\

son or Persons who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to receive the same, an exact and ^1^within Is particular Account in Writing of the total Amount of the Money bid at each Sale, and of the several Ar- Day* after each tides, Lots, or Parcels, which shall have been there fold, and the Price of each and every such Ankle,* S>1% deliver, at Lot, or Parcel; and at the same Time make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due the

and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; icu1^ which Sum or Sums of Money he is hereby authorised and impowered to retain out of the Produce arising by such Sate, or Deposit made at such Sale, or otherwise recover the same by Action of Debt, Dr cn the 6 Cal e,

r

Penalty on fell, ing Goods, &c, by Auction without Licence, or wiih-out duly renewing the same.

The several Duties of 3d. and 6 d, in the Pound, granted by the former, Act, are to be charged in Pro-

426

and shall make Oa h to the Truth of such A tcoont.

If Au£U'irer

/hall not fulfil the Cond tion* of the B nd# Colr.m ilionen of Excise may pu: it in Suit.

P»enr A"$ion-eei in Great Britain, not within the Limits of the Ex-c:fc-office in London, shall give Security as aforesaid in 50 1. that he will, within six Weeks after earh Sale, deliver in a particular Account thereof, dec.

Auctiooeert to deliver, at the Eacife-office, Arc. previous Notice of each Sale j and like-wife An attrfted Catalogue con-t ining an exa£ Enumeration of the Particulars to be sold j

on Penalty of

50 1*

Any Auctioneer in England or Wales, not within the Limits of the Escife-office in London, who ’ shall not be prepared to deliver in his Account of any Sale to live Collector of Excise, (lull, within fixWeeki after such Sal*?,

If the Sale by Auf!ion of any Lllate, &c. shall br rendered void, owing t" a de fedivt Till*, the

C. 56. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Case, against the Person or Persons by whom such Auctioneer shall be employed, or on whose Account such Goods fhaM be so fold; and every Person so adding as Auctioneer, or the Person who acted as his Clerk at such Sale, if any, shall make Oath to the Tru»h of each and eve-y such Account before the Commissioners of Excise, or one of them, or before such Person as the said Commissioners of Excite shall appoint to receive the same 5 which Oath the said Commissioners of Excise, or one of them, or other Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to admin.ftrr: And in case the Auctioneer giving such Bond shall neglect to deliver in his Account, or to make Payment of the Rates and Duties as herein directed; or if it shall appear that the Account delivered in by such Auctioneer was not a true and just Account, or that the said Auctioneer hath acted contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of such Bond, and of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to cause such Bond to be put in Suit, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same, and thereupon, in case of a Verdict or Judgment against the Defendant, such Licence shall thenceforth become void to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Person so acting as aforesaid, at every such public Auction, in any Part of Great Britain not within the Limits of the said Chief Office of Excise in London, shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, as aforesaid, give Security by Bond as aforesaid, in the Sum of fifty Pounds, which Security shall be taken by the reffiective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, pr any two qr more of them, respectively, or by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise respectively shall appoint to deliver out the said Licences, in like Manner as is herein-before mentioned and directed with regard to the Bonds to be given within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, that he will, within, six Weeks after every Sale by Auction, deliver in an exact and particular Account, in Manner as is herein-before required to be delivered by Persons felling by Auction within <he Limits of the said Chief Office of Excise in London\ and shall, at the same Time, make Payment of all such Sum S41 qw of Money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, for and on account of each and every Sale by way of Auction by him made, from Time to Time, within such six Weeks respectively; and all the ; Powers, Diiedlions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, herein-before prescribed or contained, for the better levying, Teeming, or accounting for the said Rates or Duties within the Limits of the said Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be observed in all other Parts of Great Britain^ as if the same were again particularly repeated and re-enacted.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every such Auctioneer, or Seller by Commission, fell* ing by Auction within the Limits of the said Cj^icf Office of Excise in London, shall, two Days at least before he, she, or they do begin any Sale by way of Auction, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the said Chief Office of Excise, to the Person who shall be, appointed by the Comftii(Turners of Excise to receive the same, a Notice in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer, specifying in such Notice the particular Day when such Sale by Auction is to begin and shall, at the same. Time, or within twenty-four Hours after, deliver,

or cause to be delivered, to the Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, a written or printed Catalogue, ac-tefled and signed by such Auctioneer, or his known Clerk; in whic h Catalogue shall be particularly ex-refTed and enumerated each and every Article, Lot, Parcel, and Thing, by such Auctioneer intended to e sold at such Auction *, and every such Auctioneer, felling by Auction in any Part of Great Britain, not within the Limits of the said Chief Office of Excise in London, shall, at lead three Days before he, she, or they do begin any Sale by way of Auction, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collector of Excise, in whose Collection such Sale is intended to be, or at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Sale is intended to be, a like Notice in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer, specifying therein the particular Day when such Sale is to begin; and shall, at the same Time, or within twenty-four Hours after, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Collector, or at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Sale is intended to be, a written or printed Catalogue, attested and signed by such Auctioneer, or his known Clerk \ in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and enumerated each and every Article, Lot, Parcel, and Thing, by such Auctioneer intended to be sold at such Auction: And if any such Auctioneer shall presume to fell any Estate, Goods, or Effects, by way of Auction, without delivering the Notices and Catalogues herein-before required to be delivered, or shall, at any such Sale, fell any Estate, Goods, or Effects, not particularly expressed or enumerated in such Catalogue, every such Auctioneer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Auctioneer, so felling by Auction at any Place within England or Wales, not within the Limits of the said Chief Office of Excise in London, shall not be prepared to deliver in the Account, by this Act required, to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Notice was delivered, and such Sale by Auction made, then, and in such Case, such Audlb neer shall, and he is hereby permitted and required to deliver in his Account of such Sale, within six Weeks after every such Sale, at the said Chief Office of Excise in London, and to the Person appointed to receive the same, and shall, at (he same Time, deliver to the same Person a true Copy of the Notice, and of the Catalogue by him before delivered to the said Collector; and if any such Audtiomer shall neglect to deliver such Copy of the said Notice, or of the said Catalogue, every Auctioneer offending therein flr.il, for each Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

deliver it at the Excise-oflice in London.

1 XI. And whereas it may sometimes happen that Sales at Auction of Estates or Goods may be rendered null and void, by reason that the Person for whose Benefit the same shall be fold, h<d no Title to, or no Right to dispose of, the same;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th »t, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Sale by Auction of any Estate, Goods, or Chattels, shall be rendered void, by reason that the Person (or whose Benefit the same

e

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

G. 56.

427

Auctioneer, &c. imy compliin to the Commissioner« of Exc:fe, or justices of Peace; who shall hear and determ ine the same.

Where Owner* of Estates, &c. bid themselvtf, or employ other* to bid for them, an Allowance of the Duties it to be made acco d-

ingiy;

provided Notice be given to the Auctioneer that such Personi are to bid for the Owner*,

Certain Auctions to which this Act Oiali not extend*

fame was fold had no Title to the same, or no Right to dispose thereof, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Auctioneer, who paid the Duty for the Thing so fold, or for the Person for whote Benefit the same was (o fold, to lay his, her, or their Complaint before the Commissioners of Excite, or Justices of the Peace, within whose jurisdiction respectively such Sale was made; and the said Commissioners of Excite, or Justices of the reace, respectively, upon such Complaint to them made, by or on the Behalf of such Auctioneer, or by or on the Behalf of the Person for whote Benefit the same was fold,

shall, and are required to hear and determine all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses upon Oath which shall be produced, as well on the Behalf of the Party making such Complaint, as on the Behalf of all and every other Party and Parties; which Oath they have hereby rower to administer; and thereupon, or by other due Proof, to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of his, her, or their respective Payments, as shall be so made out before them to have been over-paid; any Thing in this Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, or Effects, put up to Sale by way of Auction, shall become the Purchaser, by meins of his own Bidding, or the Bidding of any other Person on his Behalf, or for his Use, at such Sale, wi:h-out Fraud or Collusion, then, and in such Case, the respective Commissioners of Excite in Great Britain, and such Collectors, Supervisors, and other Officers of Excite, as are hereby respectively authorised, within their respective Collections and Districts, to receive the said Duties, are hereby authorised and required to make an Allowance to such Owner of the Duties arising by this Act upon such Bidding; provided Notice be given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding, both by the Owner and the Person intended to be the Bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller; and provided such Notice be verified by the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Fairness and Reality of the said Transaction, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and in cate any Dispute shall arise whether such Purchase by the Owner was not made by Collusion, or in order to lelten the full Sum appointed by this Act to be paid, or concerning the Fairness of such Transaction, then, and in such cases, the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Person acting as Auctioneer; and on Failure therein, or in cate of any unfair Practice, then no such Allowance shall be made as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Sale or Sales, by way of Auction, of Estates or Chattels, made by any Rule, Order, or Decree, of his Majesty's Court of Chancery, or of Exchequer in England; before the Master in Chancery, or the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer; or by any Order or Decree of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or by any Order or Decree of the Court of Session or Exchequer in Scotland respectively; or to any such Sales made by the East India Company, or the Hud-fan s Bay Company; or by Order of his Majesty's Commissioners for the Duties of Customs or Excise; or by Order of the Board of Ordnance, or Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling Offices; nor to the Sale by Auction of any Goods distrained for Rent, or for Nonpayment of Tithes; any Thing herein-before to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Auction to be held, on the Account of the Lord or Lady of any Manor, for the granting any of or Customary Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements, for the Term of a Life or Lives, or any Number of Years; or to any Auction to be held for the letting or demifing any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, for the Term of a Life or Livls, or any Number of Years, to be created by the Person or Persons on whote Account such Auction shall be held; or to the Sale or Sales of any Woods, Coppices, Produce of Mines or Quanies, or to any Contract relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the same, or to the Sale of any Materials used in the wording of such Mines or Quarries respectively; or to the Sale of any Cattle, and live or dead Stock, or unmanufactured Produce of Land; so as such Sale or Sales of Woods, Coppices, Produce of Mines or Quarries, Cattle, Corn, Stock, or Produce of Land, be made whilst they continue on the Lands producing the same, and by the Owner or Owners of such Lands, or Proprietor or Proprietors of, or Adyen-turer or Adventurers in, such Mines, or Quarries respectively, or by his or their Steward or Agent,

Stewards or Agents; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

or in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said Rate Of Duty, any Estate, Goods, or Chattels, sold at Auction, under the Authority of any Sheriff or Under- Act to extend to sheriff, for the Benefit of Creditors, in Execution of any Judgment had or obtained; or any Estate or sheriff^Aa- Effects of Bankrupts, sold by Order of the Assignee or Assignees under any Commission of Bankruptcy; or th*r"tT forth"* any Goods imported into this Kingdom, by way of Merchandize, from any British Colony or Plantation Benefit of Cre* in Americar the same being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said Colonies or Plantation, d'for*? dm to on the first Sale of such Goods, by. or for the Account of the original Importer to whom the same v/ere Effedbof Banl^-consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom-house at the Port of Importation, so as such Afantt* Sale be made within twelve Months after* such Goods shall be so imported; nor to any Ships, or their JCt°

Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture* er the Cargoes, thereof* which njay be taken and condemned as Prize,*

Which shall be fold in this Kingdom, by or for the Benefit of tfte Captors ^hereof;, nor to charge with the J said Rate or Duty any Ships or‘Goods that may-be wrecked or (Landed on the Coasts of this Kingdom, and sold by Auction for the Benefit of the Insurers or Proprietors thereof, or which may be fold, free of'

Duty, to defray the Charges of Salvage -y nor to charge with the said Rate or Duty any G'»od$ damaged* by Fire, and sold by Order of and for the Benefit of the Insurers of such Goods; nor to Sales made by Trustees chosen in pursuance of an A$, mad.e in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Bay merit, of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and exp ediflkus, ' and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrejlmeritand Poinding and for extending the Privilege of Bills.

Not to extend ;to-Au£U>n« for framing Copy-bold or Custo-mxry Lauds, dec*

Neii her tbh Aft* nor the former

428

After JuTy 17^9, Auctioneers felling any Etfefls. &c. l-tzcd by a She. rilFin Execution, shall enuaru rite the Particulars ru^ieof in trie Catalogue to be deliveted by t iem, which shall be certified b/ flic Sheriff, Scz.\

And A0Pioneer* employed to fell the Effefla of a iv Bankrupt, shall enumerate the Paiticula'Stn the Catalogue M aforesaid, which shall be certified by the A0ignees, dec.

Penalty on Sher riff, &c. or Assignee, who Audi lurfer an EfUte, &c. to be inserted io the Catalogue which wu not the Property of the Debtor or Bankrupt. Auctioneer a employed to fell Goods damaged by Fire, for the Benefit of the In furert, shall enumerate the Particulars io the Catalogue, which shall be certified by the Inform. Penalty on Info rers who shall suffer to be inserted in the Catalogue any Goods other than such as were to be, fold for theii Benefit, dec. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered anA applied

PreambU,

C. 57. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Bills to Prmijpry. Notes 5 and for limiting Actions, upon Bilk and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great called ixpotland; any hing herein contained to the contra.ry notwithstanding.

XVI. And for the better and more eft eft ua I pseventipg Frauds which may be practised by Auctioneers felling Estates, Goods, or Chattels, under the Authority of Sheriffs* or their Under-sheriffs, or under the Order and Direction of the Assignees under any Commission of Bankruptcy*,9 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven handled and fevemy-nine, every Auctioneer who shall fell at Auction any Estates, Goods, or Chattels, that have been seized by any Sheriff or Under-iberiff, or by their Authority, and by them, or either of them, taken for the Benefit of Creditors, in Execution of any Judgment had and obtained, shall specify and enumerate, in the Catalogue by him to be delivered under the Directions of this Act, as well the particular Estates and Effects to be sold, and also the exact Sum to be levied under such Execution; and the Sheriff or Under-sheriff respectively shall, and they are hereby required to subscribe and sign every such Catalogue, and to certify at the Foot thecepf, that ali and every the Estates, Goods, and: Eftefts, in such Catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly the Property of the Person against whom such Judgment was had and obtained, and that the same, and every Part thereof, were actually seized in Execution of the same Judgment; and every Auctioneer who shall be employed, by the Assignees under any Commission of Bankruptcy, to fell the Effects of any Bankrupt, shall likewise specify and enumerate, in the Catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular Goods and Effects then to be sold; and the Assignees, or Assignee, if only one under such Commission, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to subscribe and fig a inch Catalogue, and to certify, at the Foot thereof, that all and every the Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, in such Catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly the Property of the said Bankrupt at the Time of suing forth, the said Commission which respective Catalogue, so signed and certified as a fore said, shall be produced by every such Auctioneer, to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is by this Act directed to deliver his Account, before such Auctioneer shall be permitted to pass his Account, or to have the (kmc allowed: And if such Sheriff, Under-sheriff, Assignee, or Assignees respectively, shall infers, or suffer or permit to be inferred, in any such Catalogue so to be subscribed, signed, and certified* as aforesaid, any Estate, Goods, Chattels, or Effects whatsoever, other than such as were really and truly the Property of the Debtor or Debtors, Bankrupt or Bankrupt?, as aforesaid, respectively; or if any Sheriff or Under-sheriff shall omit or neglect to certify on such Catalogue the true Sum to be levied, or shall certify theneon any selfe Sum to be levied, then, and in every such Case, the Party offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fevemy-nine, every Auctioneer who shall be employed to fell any Goods damaged by Fire, sold by Order of, and for the Benefit of, the Insurer or Insurers of such Goods, shall specify and enumerate, in the Catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular Goods then to be sold; and the Insurers, or the Insurer, if only one, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to subscribe and sign such Catalogue, and to certify, at the Foot thereof, that all and every the Goods in such Catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly fold for the Benefit of such Insurer or Insurers; which Catalogue so signed and certified as aforesaid, shall be produced by every such Auctioneer, to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is, by this Act, to deliver his Account, before such Auctioneer shall be permitted to pass his Account, or to have the same allowed: And if such Insurer or Insurers respectively shall insert, or suffer or permit to be infe/ted, in any such Catalogue so to be subscribed, signed, and certified as aforesaid, any Goods whatsoever other than such as were really and truly to be sold for the Benefit of him or them as aforesaid 5 or if any Insurer or Insurers shall omit or neglect to certify on such Catalogue the true Particular of the Goods to be sold; then, and in every such Case, the Party offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majest/s Courts of Record at Westminster% or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland \ and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deduced), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity ',

in the City of Coventry.

WHEREAS in the City of Coventry there are two Pariftiet and Parish Churchei, one whereof is the Parish and Vicarage of Saint Michael^ and the otherthe Parish and Vicarage of The Trinity: And whereas the King's Majesty, in Right of the Crown of these Realms, is Patron of the said Vicarage of The Trinity;

and the Tythes, and other Vicarial Profits and Benefits, do principally arise from Rates or Assessments made by virtue of an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary

intituled, An Act for the Payment of Ty the s in the City of Coy entry: And whereas, in Processot Time, the 4'Rates and Assessments made under or by virtue of the said Act have been much dim ini (hed from their trde Value, and Differences and Suits hare arisen and taken place between the Vicar and the Inhabitants

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 57.

relative to the said Rates and Assessments: Wherefore, in order to put an End to such Controversies, and that an Income may be provided in future sufficient for the Maintenance of the Vicar of the said Parish of The Trinity, to be in Lieu of all Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, within those Parts of the said Parish which lie within the said City of Coventry and Suburbs thereof, except such Endowments, BeT 4 quests, and Stipends, as have been heretofore or shall be hereafter bellowed upon the Vicar of the said Parish, and also except Surplice Fees May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Payment of Tythes in the City of Coventry, shall, so far as the same relates to the Parish and Vicarage of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry> and Suburbs thereof, be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, and in Easter Week in every Year afterwards, one Rate or Assessment shall be made, laid, and assessed, by Assessors to be named and appointed as herein after is mentioned, to be in Lieu of Tythes, and all Rates, Assessments, or other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments claimed by the Vicar of the said Parish or Vicarage, under or by virtue of the said Act passed in the fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary (Easter Offerings and Surplice Fees excepted), upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any House, Garden-ground, or Orchard for Sale, Shop, Warehouse, Dyehouse, Malthouse, Brewhouse, Kilnhouse, or Workhouse, Yard, Barn, Stable, Shed, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, by whatsoever Name or Description the same may be known, of the yearly Value of twenty Shillings or upwards, within those Parts of the said Parish of The Trinity which lie within the said City of Coventry, and Suburbs thereof; which Rate or Assessment shall be collected quarterly, and made and laid to raise one Shilling in the Pound per Annum, and no more, upon all and every such Premises respectively, according to the yearly Value thereof.

III. Provided, That no such Rate or Assessment shall belaid upon any Dwelling-house only, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under six Pounds.

IV. Provided also, That no Messuages, or other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, or other Hereditaments, shall be construed or taken to be within the Suburbs of the said City, as to the Purposes of this Act, the Situation or Situations whereof respectively is or are without and beyond the Limits of the several Wards of the said City.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Vicar for the Time being, and the Parishioners, of the said Parish of Trinity, who are liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall meet at some Place in the said City, on or before the fourteenth Day after the Day of passing this Act, and annually afterwards upon the twenty-fifth Day of March, or within two Days after, of which reasonable Notice shall be given in the Church on the Sunday preceding; and at such nrft and other Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Vicar and Parishioners then attending, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two Persons, Inhabitants of the said City, not being of the People called Quakers, %o be Assessors of the Rates or Assessments hereby authorised to be made, laid, and assessed; one to be named by the Vicar, and one by the Majority of the Parishioners then assembled; and every such Person so to be nominated and appointed Assessors as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to act in the Execution of the said Office of Assessor, take an Oath in the following Form, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, who are hereby directed to administer the same:

I A.B. do swear, That in the Rate or Assessment which I shall make upon the several Premises within those Parts of the Parish of The Trinity, which lie within the City of Coventry, and Suburbs thereof, I will rate and assess each of such Premises at the true annual Value, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Trusts reposed in me by virtue of an Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry/

And if any Person so to be appointed Assessor, shall presume to act in the Execution of the said Office, before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that the Forfeitures or Penalties so to be incurred (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be distributed, one Moiety thereof to the Vicar of the said Parifl), and the other Moiety to him or her who shall inform or sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, do and shall, on or before the thirtieth Day after the Day of passing this Act, and in all future Years in Easter Week, or within three Days after, according to the best of their Skill and Judgment, ascertain the full and just annual Value which every of the Premises, by this Act authorised and directed to be rated and assessed, k really and bona fide worth, to be let; and do and shall make one Assessment, according to the Rate here-in-before set forth, upon the Inhabitants, Holders, or Occupiers, of every the Premises by this Act directed to be rated or assessed; and do and shall, by Writing under their Hands, certify the Houses and other Pre-roifes charged by this Act, together with the annual Values, estimated and ascertained as aforesaid, for or in respect of the same respectively, and the Names of the several Inhabitants, Holders, or Occupiers thereof respectively, and the several Sums of Money charged and payable by them for or in respect of the same, by virtue of this Act; and likewise do and shall, on or before the said thirtieth Day after the Day

429

Act of Philip and Mary repealed.

Rates in Lieu of Tythes.

Houses under 61. per Ann. not to be rated.

Proviso relating to the Suburbs of the City.

Two Assessors to be appointed annually.

Assessors to be sworn.

Their Oath.

Penalty on Af-

feflors a (fling before they shall be sworn.

Afllflors Duty.

LjOc e

43°

Justices to figfl the Afl* Aments, and deliver them to the Vicar.

A Copy of the A A*e Aments shall be lodged in the Pan/h Vcllry.

Rate nm be levied by Distress.

Rate on divided Houses how to be reepvexed i

and froro Persont removing.

AAeftors.Sec.tra-powered to in-sped Parish Rates, for their in’ormation in laying Assess-inrnts.

Allowance to A/Teflon.

Persons aggrieved by the Rata may appeal to the Quarter Sessionsj

C. 57. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

of passing this Act, and in future Years on or before the Expiration of three Day9 after Easter Week, deliver the Assessments made by them as aforesaid unto two Justices of the Prace of the said City.;

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices to whom such AfiklTments shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act shall, within the Spare of one Calendar Month next after the Receipt of the same respectively, ftt their Hands to the said Assessments, and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same to the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, or to his Order.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Assessor or Assessors shall deliver a Copy or Duplicate of such Rate or ArtVAment to be made respectively as aforesaid, fairly written, and subscribed by thena, unto the said Vicar for the Time being, and another Copy or Duplicate thereof to the Churchwardens of the said Parish, some or one of them, to be by them, some or one of them, lodged in the Vestry of the said Parish, for the Use and Inspection of the Inhabitants of the same Parish who are liable to be rated or afiVfTed by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so rated and assessed, who shall not appeal against such Rate within the Time herein after limited for such Purpose, shall refuse or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall be rated or assessed at, by virtue of this Act, for th* Space of fourteen Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing, left at the Place of Abode, or Occupation, of such Person or Persons; then, and in every such Cale, it shall be lawful for one or more such Justices, upon Oath of the Vicar for the Time being, or some Person acting for him, of such Demand being made, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals (which he or they are hereby required to grant), to authorise and direct such Person or Persons so acting for and under the said Vicar, or any other Person to be therein named, to levy the Sum or Sums due, by Distress a;.d Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any be), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the Charges and Expences of taking and making such Distress and Sale being hr ft deduced and paid.

X. And whereas many Houses within the said Parish of The Trinity in Coventry^ are or may, by the Owners, Proprietors, or Lessees thereof, be divided, and let out in Tenements or Lodgings todiversPer- fons, whereby it may be difficult to recover the Rates or Assessments laid thereupon be it therefore fur-# ther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Aileftors to be appointed for the Turposes of this Act, to rate and assess the Owners, Proprietors, or Lessees of such Houses respectively as shall be let to or occupied by two or more Tenants, which Rate or Assessbacnt shall be paid by or recovered of the Proprietor or (lift Taker thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their House or other Tenement, whereupon fudl Rate or Assessment hath been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards neglect or refuse to pay the same when due, and demanded as aforesaid by the Person or Persons authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, having such Warrant for levying the same as aforesaid, in any Place within the respective Jurisdiction of the Justices granting such Warrant, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Justice of the Peace in the County, City, or Place, where the Distress is so to be made, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after deducing the Amount of the Rate or Assessment, and the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the same.

XII. And, for the better Information of the Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, with respect to the annual Value of all Houses, Tenements, or Premises, charged by this Act, and the better 1 to enable them to perform their Duty;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Afteflors, or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorised by any or either of them, shall have Liberty to inspect, and to take Copies of or Extracts from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or concerning the Rates payable to the Poor, or any other public Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, within the said Parish of The Trinity and if any Person or Persons, in whole Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shil-lines to the Vicar of the said Parish.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, in Consideration of the extraordinary Care and Pains requisite in making and adjusting the first Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act, the Afteflors shall have an Allowance for such syst Assessment of Three-pence for each House rated or assessed by them, and the Sum of one Penny for each such House in every future Rate or Assessment; such Allowances to be made and paid by the Vicar, at the Time of receiving such Rates or Assessments,

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Vicar for the Time being, or any Person or Persons, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance of this Act, such Vicar, or other Person or Persons, shall and may appeal to the Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the City and County of Coventry within six Calendar Months next after the making of such Rate, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, eight Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, 10 the said Afteflors, and within four Days next after such Notice entering, or causing a Recognizance to be entered into, before some Justice of the Peace for the said City and County, by two sufficient Persons or Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices in such Quarter Session; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 431

of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a'summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Judgment of the said Justices, in their faiu Quarter Sessions, shall be conclusive upon all the Parties, to all In.crus and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal the said Act of Philip and Mary, so far as respect any Arrears of Tithes, or Easter Offerings, to the Vicar of Trinity, in the City of Coventry, that have become due or payable on or before the passing of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Methjd of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said City and County of Coventry, within four Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Party meant to be appealed against, and, within four Days after such Norice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of Coventry, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Session; and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties ap-

Sealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such ustices at such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the said Assessors, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall or may, at his or their Election, plead specially, or plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any rial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; And if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before twenty -one Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or i/the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrcrjudgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to bq a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whotnfo-ever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for preserving the Navigation of the River Lett, in the Counties Hertford, Effete,

and Middlesex.

whose Determination shall be final.

Arrem of Ty hes <v Faftef O fierinps C ' be paid to the Vicar.

Gf e*al Appeal to th* Quartet-Scifijns,

on giving 10 Day% Notice.

Limit atteti it Actioni,

General fflTtie.

Treble Code, Pa bliAft.

improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the New Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of Con don; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the Governor and Company of the New River, in Consideration of a Quantity of Water supplied out of the said River Lee^ 4 for the Use of the said New River, are directed to pay to certain Trustees appointed in and by the said 1 Act, for the Care and Marlagement of the Navigation of the River Lee, two annual Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of three hundred and Fifty Pounds, to be applied in preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River Lee: And whereas, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to toe River Thames; and for extending the said Navigation to the Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill, in the said Town of Hertford; certain Persons therein named, together with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty, were appointed Trustees for putting

the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty in Execution, and divers Powers and Authorities are given and granted to the said Trustees, for making, extending, improving, and maintaining the said Navigation, and for making and maintaining certain new Cuts or Canals to communicate with the said

River Lee; and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, the said annual Sum of three hundred and fifty Pounds is vested in the said Trustees, together with certain Rates and Duties thereby granted, for the Purposes of the said Acts; and the said Navigation bath been completed for several Years, and is found beneficial to the Public; And whereas the said rustees have charged the Rates or Duties

[Preamble.]

Recital of an Act 11 Geo. 11,

ani 7 Gad, ITT.

43*

The Trustees

authorised tocol-Jcdl the follow-lowing

AdditioaaJRatet.

Additional!* atei

to be a Security for Money due n the Credit of the former Alts,

The Rates to be

rt dueed in certain Proportions as the Annuities fall in.

G 58. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

and other Monies arising by virtue of the said Acts, with the Payment of the Principal Sum of forty-

four thousand three hundred Pounds, and also with the Payment of Annuities for the Lives of certain Persons, to the Amount of three thousand four hundred Pounds, or thereabouts; and there will belike- wife due to several Persons for Arrears of Interest, Annuities, Rents, Compensations, and Purchase of 1 Lands, and for Workmen’s Bills, and other annual Expences of carrying on the said Navigation, at

Midsummer next, the Sum of ten thousand six hundred Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas the Mo- ney arising by virtue of the said Acts is not sufficient to pay and discharge the Interest of the said Principal Money, and also to pay the said Annuities, and other Monies, due and owing as aforesaid; and, unless f some additional Rates and Duties are allowed to be collected upon the said Navigation, several Persons who have lent and advanced Money upon the Credit of the said Acts will be very great Sufferers, and the Navigation of the said River will be totally loft, to the great Detriment of the Public: Wherefore, in order to preserve the said Navigation, and for Relief of the said several Annuitants, and other Cre- ditors;’ May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Monday Sevennight next after passing of this Act, there will be paid, at such Place and Places, and in such. Manner and Proportions, as herein after mentioned, to the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, by all and every Person and Persons who shall carry or convey any Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or Commodities whatsoever, up or down the said River, or the said Cuts or Canals (over and above the Rates and Duties payable by virtue of the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty), the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say)

For every Ton of Malt passing through King’s Weir, or the Lock nearest thereto, the Sum of one Shilling and Three-pence; and passing through Newman's Wciry or the Lock nearest thereto (the Rates and Duties for the same not having been paid at Kings Weir* or the Lock nearest thereto, as aforesaid), the Sum of Eleven-pence; and passing through Lee Bridge* or any Lock in the new Cut below the said Bridge (the Rates and Duties for the same not having been paid at King's Weir, or Newman's Weir, or the Locks nearest the said Weirs, as aforesaid), the Sum of Five-pence; and passing on any Part of the Cut between Bromley Lock and the River Thames (the Rates and Duties not having been paid for the same above Bromley Lock aforesaid), the Sum of Two-pence; and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton:

For every Ton of Flour that shall be carried or conveyed through King's Weir aforesaid, or the Lock reared the same, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and through Newman's Weir, or the Lock nearest the same, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and through Lee Bridge, or any Lock in the new Cut below the said Bridge, the Sum of Three-pence; and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton:

For every Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, carried or conveyed through Newman's Weir, or the Lock nearest the same, the Sum of Six-pence; and through Lee Bridge aforesaid, or any Lock in the said Cut below the said Bridge, the Sum of Seven-pence; and so in Proportion for any Ids Quantity than a Chaldron:

For every Ton of other Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities whatsoever, that Hull he carried or conveyed through King's Weir, or the Lock nearest the same, the Sum of Six-pence; and through Newman's Weir, or the Lock nearest the same, the Sum of Six* pence; and through Lee Bridge, or any Lock in the said Cut below the said Bridge, the Sum of Three-pence; and between Bromley Lock and the Thames, the Sum of Two pence; and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton:

For every Pleasure Boat which shall pass through any of the said Locks or Places, or on the said Cut between Bromley Lock and the Thames* the Sum of one Shilling; and for every empty Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, passing along the said Cut from Bromley Lock towards the Thames* after having delivered any Lading for which the said Rates and Duties shall not have been paid, or passing along the said Cut from the River Thames towards Brodiley Lock, and not having beea to deliver any Lading for which the Rates and Duties shall have been paid, the Sum of five Shillings:

Which said additional Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall be collected, levied, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as the Rates and Duties granted by the said Ai\ of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty can or may, by virtue thereof, be collected, levied, and recovered, and as if the additional Rates and Duties hereby granted were inserted in the Body of the said Act; and the same dial 1 be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act are thereby directed to be applied.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Rates and Duties herein-before granted, are hereby declared to be a Security for the Payment of all the Principal Monies borrowed and due as aforesaid, and all Interest due and to become due for the same, and also for the Payment of the several Annuities granted and now payable as aforesaid, and of all other Monies whatsoever due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts; and the several Persons intitled thereto shall have the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, out of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, are by the said recited Act given for the Recovery of any Money charged upon the Rates and Duties thereby granted.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, as the Annuities granted by the said Trustees shall fall in, the Rates and Dufies hereby granted shall be reduced, in the Proportions following; (that is to say) When the said Annuities shall be reduced to two thousand four hundred Pounds, no more than three fourth Parts of the Rates and Duties hereby granted

dull

433

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III., C. 58.

shall be demanded or taken; and when the said Annuities shall be reduced to one thousand four hundred Pounds, no more than one Half of the said Rates and Duties shall be demanded or taken; and that when the said Annuities shall be reduced to four hundred Pounds, no more than one fourth Part of the said Rates and Duties shall be demanded or taken; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas A(hcs, Breeze, and other Materials used in making Bricks, are frequently conveyed upon the said River, under the Pretence of being for manuring ot Land, whereby the Payment of the Rates and Duties is evaded be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Allies, Breeze, and other Materials and Things which shall not be used for manuring of Land, shall be liable to the Payment of the like Rates and Duties as are by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and this Act, granted for any Goods, Wares, Merchandise?, and Commodities (except Coals, Culm, or Cinders}; and itlhall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to demand, collect, and recover the said Rates and Duties for all such Ashes, Breeze, and other Materials and Things, as such Collector shall have Reason to apprehend are not intended to be used for manuring of Land, in such Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, as the Rates and Duties herein-before granted can or may be demanded, collected, and recovered; any Thing in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall afterwards be made appear to such Collector, that the Ashes, Breeze, or other Materials or Things for which the said Rates and Duties shall have been paid as aforesaid, were for the manuring of Land, that then the Rates and Duties so paid shall be returned by such Collector to the Owner or Owners of such Ashes, Breeze, or other Materials or Things, or his or their Agents or Servants, upon Demand.

VI. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Timber and Wood, to be charged with the Payment of the Rates or Duties granted by the said recited Act, and this Act;* be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, navigated upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall be laden with Timber or Wood only, such Lading shall, for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of this Act, be deemed Twenty-five Tons, although the same may actually be a greater or less Quantity; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in this Act, or any Usage or Custom, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, so much of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires Persons having the Charge of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, to give an Account in Writing, as therein is mentioned, of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight, of the Goods? Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, which shall be in such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and also of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight, of the Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, which shall have been discharged or taken out of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, before the Arrival thereof at the Place where such Account is to be given, and as infliCb any Penalty on such Persons for not giving such Account, or for giving a false Account, shall be,^ and is hereby repealed.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Owners of, or Persons felling any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, or any Person who shall deliver any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, on Account of such Owners or Persons felling the same, on board any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, to be carried or conveyed upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall, and are hereby required to give a true Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight, of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, ito the Steersman or other Person having the Care, Charge, or Management of the Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, on board of which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall be delivered, together with the Date of the Delivery thereof; and the said Steersman or other Person shall produce the said Account to the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Duties, and deliver a true Copy thereof to every such Collector; and in case any such Steersman or other Person shall not produce such Account, and deliver a Copy thereof as aforesaid, every such Steersman or Other Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and in case any such Steersman or other Person mall produce a false Account to any such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, the Person who shall have signed Such faiSe Account shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pound?.

IX. And, for the better enabling the Collectors of the said Rates or Duties to judge of the Truth of the Accounts of Lading to be produced as aforesaid be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all Boats, Barges, Lighters, ind other Vessels, which shall be navigated upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall be painted or marked, in three different Places on each Side thereof, with graduated Figures or Marks, of proper Dimensions, at such Distances, and upon such Parts of the Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall order, under the Direction of some proper and skilful Person; and so from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require; and the same shall at all Times be kept so marked, in a plain and legible Manner; and that, after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, if any Boar, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be navigated upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, not being painted or marked in a plain and legible Manner as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner, or Person having the Care, Charge, or Management, of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

X. And whereas it might tend to the better Execution of the said recited Acts, and this Act, if the said Trustees were obliged to hold more than one General Meeting in every Yearbe it therefore en-

aCled

All Aihcf,

Breeie, and Materials not used for Manure, to be subject to the Rates;

but if used for Manure, the Rates shall be returned.

Every Lading of Wood shall be deemed 25 Tons,

So much of the former Act at requires Steersmen to deliver Bills of Lading, repealed.

Owners of Goods, or Per-fom delivering any on their Behalf, shall give Bills of Lading to the Steersmen, who are to produce the same to the Collectors of the Tolls.

Penalty on Neglect, iic.

All Vessels to bt marked with graduated Figures, denoting their Bunhen;

on Penalty of 51,

So much of the former Act as directs iheTruft-

43+

re* to meet on the full M> ndijr in Jun»* yearly, repealed,

First Meeting of the Trusteet,

Three General M*etirg* to be held in every Year}

»t Vk hich they shall audit and Jettle the Accounts, and canfe an Abstract thereof to be made and entered in the Book of rhoirProvced-iiifci.

Aftfttwo Yfarf, the Trusteet shall settle the Accounts at two several Meetings in every Year. No Money to be borrowed till the Accounts ate settled.

Securities for Money borrowed, and Annuities granted, to. he valid*

Teufteet im-powered to pay o(V #ny Principal Monty now due j

giving three Months Notice.

Proviso,

All Monies secured by the farmer Ac's, lhah also be cha g;d upon the p efrnt and former Rates, JAc, Ttuflee5 net to gyranr any A n-r«utie- for the future.

C. 58. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as directs a General Meeting of the Trustees to be holden on the first Monday in "June in every Year and Notice to be given thereof, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall hold a Meeting for carrying the Put pees of the said recited Acts, and this Act, into Execution, at the Sign of the Rcfe and Crown, at Enfield Highway, in the Parish of Enfield, in the said County of Middlesex, upon the Monday Seven night atter the passing this Act, and may adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time previous to their first General Meeting (to be holden as herein after mentioned), as they shall think proper; and that the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall hold three General Meetings in every Year, at or within the respective Times and Places herein after mentioned; (that is to say) In the Town of Hertford, upon the last Monday in July> or within six days afterwards; in the Parish of Waltham Holy Crop, in the said County of Essex, on the last Monday in October% pr within six Days afterwards; and in the City of London, on the last Monday in January^ or within six Days afterwards; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, at such respective General Meetings, appoint the Day, and the House or Place (being within the respective Times, and at the respective Places, aforesaid) upon and at which their then next General Meeting shall be holden; and the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall, at1 such respective General Meetings, lay before the Trustees then assembled, a full State of the Accounts relative to the Execution of the said recited Acts, and this Act, up to such of the Days following, videlicet, Midsummer-day, Michaelmas-day, and Christmas-day, as shall happen next before the Day of holding such respective Meetings, in order that the same may be audited and settled; and the said Trustees, at such General Meetings, are hereby required to examine and pass the said Accounts; and after the same shall be examined and passed, an Abstract thereof shall be made out, and signed by fivet;r more of the said Trustees, and the same shall be fairly entered in the Book of Proceedings of the said Trustees; and all Persons interested in the said Navigation may, at all convenient Times, have a Copy of such Abstract, upon paying to the Clerk to the said Trustees the Sum of two Shillings and Six-pence; and in case the said Trustees shall not settle and pass the said Accounts at any such General Meeting, then such Meeting shall be adjourned to the seventh Day then next following, and so from Time to Time, until the said Accounts shall be settled and passed, and an Abstract thereof made and signed as aforesaid; and after the said Accounts shall he completed as aforesaid, the said Trustees may adjourn such respective Meetings to such Place and Time, previous to the Time of holding their next General Meeting, a^s the fawl rustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That after the Expiration of two. Years from the passing of this Act, the said Trustees shall be obliged to examine and settle the said Accounts at two at lean of the said three General Meetings in every Year, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, until the said Accounts shall have been settled, and entered as aforesaid.

( 4

XIV. And whereas Doubts may arise touching the Validity of some of the Securities granted by 1 the said Trustees; to obviate such Doubts, and to secure the several Creditors who have, bonafidt9 lent and advanced their Money for the Purposes of the said Navigation; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,.That the several Principal Sums of Money so lent and advanced to the said Trustees, and the Annuities granted by them, shall be, and they are hereby respectively declared to be charged upon the Rates or Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of Kis present Majesty, and also upon the Rates or Duties by this Act granted and made payable; and that the several Securities given and granted for the Payment thereof, are hereby declared to be valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

XV. And whereas Doubts have arrfcn touching the Power of the said Trustees to pay off any parti- cular Securities for Money at Interest already granted, in case they find it necessary so to do;* be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to pay off any of the Principal Money borrowed and due upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties; provided three Calendar Months Notice thereof, at the Icaft, shall be given in Writing, signed by them, to the Person or Persons intitled to the Money so to be paid off, and of the Day and Place at and upon which such Money will be paid; and in case the Securities given for such Money shall not be produced at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, and upon Tender of the Principal Money, and all Interest then due thereon, shall not be delivered up to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk, that then the interest of all such Principal Money shall from thenceforth cease, and be no longer paid or payable.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest for the same up to the Time mentioned in such Notice for the Payment thereof, shall still remain due and payable, until the same shall be received by the Person intitled to the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments to be made, and also the Monies due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, shall be payable as well out of the Rates and Duties created by this Act, as out of the Rates and Duties created by the said former Acts, in the like Course of Payment, and with the same Priority, and with the like Remedies for Recovery thereof, as are directed in and by the said former Acts; any Thing in this Act to jhc contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Annuity or Annuities shall hereafter be granted upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties authorised to be collected by virtue of the find

8 recited

435

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii IN. C. 58.

recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Money shall hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties authorised to be collected on the said River, or any of them, unless twenty-one Trustees at the lead shall be present, and shall concur therein, and unless seven of such Trustees shall be resident in the said County of Hertford, seven within the said County of Essex, and seven within the said County of Middlesex and City of London, or one of them; and that no such Money shall be so borrowed, but at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose of which Meeting one Calendar Month’s Notice at the ieaft shall be given in some of the public Newspapers circulated in the said Counties, at least three Times before the botrowing any such Money; any Thing in the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no more than the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, over and above the said Sum of forty-four thousand three hundred Pounds Principal Money, already charged on the said Rates, shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the said former Act, or this present Act; any Thing in the said former Act, or this Act, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any leven or more of them, if they think fit, at the Request of any Person or Persons to whom any Arrears of Interest, or any Arrears of Annuities, (hill, on the twenty-fourth Day of juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, be due and owing on the Credit of the said Rates or Duties, to assign over the said Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, for securing the Payment of all such Arrears, together with Interest for the same; and all such Alignments shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Payment of the Money thereby secured, and all Interest to grow due for the same, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided also, That the Sum for which the said Rates and Duties shall be aligned, as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be construed and taken to be Part of the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, which the Trustees are authorised to raise by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And, in order to prevent any Waste of Water at any of the Locks, at or near the Places appointed for collecting the said Rates or Duties, and for the better Collection thereof; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collectors of the said Rates or Duties shall, and are hereby authorised and required, at all Times hereafter, to keep the Gates of the Locks, at or near the several Places appointed (or collecting the said Rates or Duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, so as not to suffer any unnecessary Waste of Water through the same (except only at such Times, and for so long as shall be necessary for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, to pass through such Locks, and in Times of Flood); and no Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be suffered to pass through any such Lock until the whole Rates or Duties authorised to be collected shall be paid to such Collector; and in case any Collector shall not keep the Gates of the Lock, at or near the Place where he shall be appointed to collect the said Rates or Duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, so as not to suffer any unnecessary Waste of Water through the same, or if such Collector shall permit or suffer any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, to pass through any such Lock as aforesaid, before the full Rates or Duties which ought to be collected'shall have been paid, every such Collector offending in either of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.'

XXIII. And, for the more effectual preventing the Watte of Water in any of the said Cuts or Canals, to the Prejudice of any Mill,' be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Locks or other Works made or erected, or to be made or erected, by the said Trustees, shall be out of Repair, and any Mill shall be prejudiced thereby, then, and in every such Case, upon Notice thereof in Writing, given by the Occupier of such Mill to the Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby required forthwith to inspect into and consider the same, and report such Notice, and his Opinion thereof, to the said Trustees, at their next Meeting; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby required, at their said next Meeting, to take the same into Consideration, and as soon as may be to cause such Locks and Works to be put into getod and sufficient Repair, so as to prevent the Waste of Water as aforesaid; and in case such Surveyor shall refuse or neglect to inspect into and survey such Defect or Want of Repair in any of the said Locks or other Works, or make such Report as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Steersman, or other Person having the Care, Charge, or Management, of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, and passing with such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, through any Lock upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall suffer the Water to remain in the Lock longer than is necessary for such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, to pass through the same; and that every such Steersman, or other Person, in going down the said River, Curs, or Canals, shall (hut the lower Gates of such Lock before he shall draw the Cloughs of the upper Gates thereof; and after he shall have brought such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, into the said Lock, shall (hut close the upper Gates before he shall draw the Cloughs of the lower Gates thereof; and in going up the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall, so soon as he shall have passed with such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, out of the said Lock, (hut the upper Gates of the said Lock, and afterwards draw the Clough9 of the lower Gates, unless there shall be then a Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, in Sight from the said Lock, coming down (he said River; Cuts, or Canals, in which Case the lower Gates of th'e said. Lock shall be left (hut, and the upper Gates shall be left open; and every Person who shall not aft agreeable to the Directions herein-before mentioned, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

No Woney to be hereif:er borrowed, uni- /S XI '11 uittcj (h ill concur therein;

and then not more than 20,000l.

Trustees authorised to assign over the Rates for Payment of all Arrears of Interest and Annuities, &c.

Collectors required to keep the Gates of Locks, near the Places of Cnl-ledioo, (hot; and not to fuftef any Vessel 10 pass till the R ates are paid. Penalty on Nc-g\ta.

Trustees so keep the Locks and Works in Repair, to prevent Waste of Water.

Persons navigating Vessels required to ftiut the upper Caret of the Locks as soon as the Vessels are paflrd, except some other Vessel is in Sight.

43$

So nuich of the former Act as requires the Names to be put on the Bows of Vessel?, repealed.

Names and Plates of Abode of Owners and Sree>fmeo to be put on the Sterns ot Vessels;

on Penalty of j'-

Penalty on /lotting of Timber.

Penalty on Persons act'aulting the Collectori, or obstructing them in their Duty.

Proviso,

Tottenham Mill Stream to be used as Part of the Navigation for ever, subject to a certain annual Payment,

Nothing to be done to prejudice Tottenham Mils,

The Occupiers of the Mills not to draw the Water beljw a certain Height.

The Trustees to keep the Gates of the Lock, near the Stream of an equal Height with the Banks; How the Rent payable for the Use of Totten-

C. 58. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires the Owners of Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, to cause their Names, and also the Names of the Steersmen, or other Persons having the Care or Charge of such Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, and their respective Places of Abode, to be placed and set on the upper Part of the Bow on both Sides of such Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, and as inflifls a Penalty for Default therein, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Owner or Owners of every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, passing upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall cause his, her, or their Name or Names, and also the Name of the Steersman, or other Person having the Care or Charge of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and their respective Places of Abode, to be placed and set at full Length, in white Letters upon a black or dark Ground, such Letters to be four Inches long, and of a proportional Breadth, and made on some conspicuous Part of the Stern of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and to be kept at all Times plain and legible; and in case any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day ofjuney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, be navigated on the said River, Cuts, or Canals, not having the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof, and also the Name of the Steersman, or other Person as aforesaid, and also their respective Places of Abode, placed and set on the Stern of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and kept plain and legible, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Steersman or other Person shall cover or conceal the same, or use any Means whatsoever to prevent any Person from reading the same; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of Junefone thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, float, or cause any Timber to be floated, upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Shillings for every Time he or they shall float, or cause any Timber to be floated, upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall assault, interrupt, orobftruft, any Collector, or other Person employed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, in collecting the said Rates or Duties, or otherwise in the Execution of his Office, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor ltfs than ten Shillings.

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any such Collector, or other Person, having his Remedy, for any such Offence, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law, by Action, Indictment, or otherwise.

XXX. And whereas a certain navigable Stream or Cut belonging to James Townsend, Esquire, called Tottenham Mill Stream, hath been used as Part of the said Navigation, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, for which the said Trustees hive paid to the said James Townsend the annual Sum of ten Pounds ten Shillings; and the said James Townsend is consenting that the said Stream or Cut should be used as Part of the said Navigation for ever, subject to the same annual Kent; but the same being no Part of the Navigation described in the said Act, the Use of the said Stream cannot be secured to the Public, unless some further Powers are granted for that Purpose ;’ be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Stream or Cut, together with a proper Towing-path on the West Side thereof, shall for ever hereafter be used as Part of the said Navigation; and that the Owners of all Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, shall have Liberty to navigate along the said Stream or Cut, and to make use of the said Towing-path, in like Adanner as if the said Stream or Cut had been Part of the Navigation described in the said Act; and the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and have hereby full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to scour, cleanse, deepen, and do such other Works in the said Stream or Cut, and repair the said Towing-path, as they shall think fit, for the Purposes of the said Navigation, without any Hindrance, Molestation, or Interruption, from the said

?ames Townsend, or any Person or Persons who may hereafter be entitled to the said Stream or Cut, and 'owing-path, so that no Damage be done thereby to Tottenham Mills, by preventing the Water flowing to the same as it now doth.

XXXI. Provided always, Thet nothing herein contained shall authorise the said Trustees, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to contract the said Stream or Cut, or prevent the Occupier of Tottenham Mills from penning a Head of Water to the said Mills, or to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the navigating or passing of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, to and from the said Mills.

XXXII. Provided also, That the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Mills, or any other Person or Persons, shall not, upon any Account or Pretence, cause the Water to be let or drawn out of the said Strea'in or Cut, so as to reduce the same below the Height of two Feet on the present Sill of the Waste-gate of the said Mills, to be ascertained by a Stone put down and marked for that Purpose: And the said Trustees are hereby required at all Times to keep the Gates of the Lock near the said Stream or Cut of an equal Height with the Banks of the said Mill Stream at the Mill Head, for keeping a full Head of Water to the said Mills; and the said Trustees shall, at all Times, repair, and keep in good Repair, the Bridge built across the new Cut near the said Mill Stream.

and to repair the Bridge.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, out of any Money arising by virtue of the said recited Acts, and

5 this

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 437

In case the Tori-nazc n*ade payable to Sif William Wake and Mr. Floyer, by the former Act, shall not amount to 1601. per Annum, the De-

The Height at which the Wa* ter is to be kept in Dicker Mill Stream, to be ascertained by Engineers.

Vis Act, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the said James Townsend, and the Owner of the said Stream or ham Mill Cut, and Towing-path, for the Time being, the annual Rent often Pounds fen Shillings* of lawful Money may b«

of Great Britain, free and clear of and from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the twenty-fifth recoverc

Day of March in every Year, the first Payment to be made on the twenty-fifeh Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and in case the said yearly Rent shall not be paid for the Space of twenty-one Days next after the Day herein before appointed for the Payment thereof, that then the said James Town-fend, and the Owner for the Time being of the said Stream or Cut, and Towing-path, shall have such and the same Remedies for rcco\ering the same yearly Rent, and all Costs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign ofh*s present Majesty provided for the Payment of any Rents or Annuities granted and made payable by virtue thereof.

XXXIV. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Trustees are required to pay to Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, their Heirs and Asigns, the Sum of one Penny per Ton on all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, which should be carried or conveyed down the said River, through the Cut or Canal made from the said River, above King's Weir, to the Weft Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey: And whereas it is apprehended that, by laying the additional Rates or Duties herein-before granted, their Property may be injured :* Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Sum of one Penny per Ton shall not hereafter produce to the said Sir William Wake and Peter fluency’shall be Floyer, their respective Heirs and Assigns, the clear annual Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds, that madeuptothem then the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, by the Trustees. from Time to Time, to make up the Deficiency to the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their respective Heirs and Assigns, and the same shall be paid to the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their respective Heirs and Assigns, at the End of every Year in which any such Deficiency shall happen; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, for the Space of ten Days after the same shall be due, the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may have and take such and the like Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the same, and all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, as are in the said recited Act given for Recovery of the said one Penny per Ton.

XXXV. And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the said Navigation, and of certain Mills, called Dicker Mills, situate near the said Town of Hertford, and also of certain Works for supplying the said Town with Water, belonging to the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town, if the Water in Dicker Mill Stream was always kept up to a certain Height;* be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within forty Days next after their first Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to give Notice to the Owner and Occupier of the said Mills, and to the Mayor of the said Town of Hertford, directing each of them to appoint an Engineer, to meet an Engineer to be appointed by the said Trustees, on a certain Day, to be mentioned in such Notice, in order to examine the said Mill Stream, and to agree upon and settle to* what Height the Water in the said Mill Stream ought to be kept up for the future, and to order and direct proper Stones or Posts to be fixed or set up in or on the Banks of the said Stream, and also near the said Water-works, with proper Marks thereon denoting such Height; and the Determination of the said Engineers, or any two of them,

] shall be final and conclusive.

XXXVI. Provided always, That in case Engineers shall not be appointed as aforesaid, or being so appointed, shall neglect or refuse to act, or shall not agree therein within three Calendar Months after the Day to be appointed for the Meeting of the said Engineers as aforesaid, that then the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Hertford, upon Application made to them for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Trustees, or of the Owner or Occupier of the said Mills, shall, and they are hereby required to name and appoint some able Engineer to examine, settle, and determine touching the Matters aforesaid, and his Determination shall be final and conclusive; and after such Determination as aforesaid, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to cause such Stones or Posts as aforesaid to be forthwith fixed or set up, with proper Marks thereon, and at such Place and Places as the said Engineers or Engineer (as the Case may be) shall direct, in order to denote and fix the Height to which the Water in the said Stream ought to be kept up; and the said Trustees shall from Time to Time support and keep such Stones or Posts fixed, with such Mark or Marks as aforesaid; and all the Charges and Expences attending the appointing and employing the said Engineers, and also of erecting and fixing such Stones or Posts, and keeping and supporting the same as aforesaid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Trustees, out of any Money arising by virtue of the said former Act, or of this Act; and that after the said Stones or Posts shall be fixed or set up, and marked as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Occupier of the said Mills, or the Person having the Care of the said Water-works, to suffer the laiJ Mills, or Water-works, to work, or for the Person having the Care of the Navigation there to keep pen the Cistern or Lock near the said Mills, when the Water shall be reduced below the Mark or Marks upon the said Stones or Posts; and in case the Water within the said Stream shall at any Time be reduced below the said Mark or Marks, and the Occupier of the said Mills shall not immediately shut down the said Mills, or the Person having the Care of the Laid Water-works shall not immediately shut down the said Works, or the Person having the Care of the Navigation there as aforesaid shall not immediately shut the said Cistern or Lock, so as to raise and keep up the Water to the said Mark or Marks, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act (Notice having been given to them respectively so to do), every such Occupier, and other Person aforesaid, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings; and in case any Person or Persons shall break, raise, pull up, fink lower, or destroy, or in anywise alter any of the Stones or Posts which shall be so fixed or set up as aforesaid, or obliterate, deface, change, or alter, any

In case the said Engineers shall not agree within three Months after their Appointment, the Quarter Sessiona for ^Hertford shire shall appoint another Engineer to settle the same.

The Mills, &c. not to work when the Water shall be below the Marks on the Stones or Posts.

Penalty on altering Marks, &c.

438

Nothing to be done to prejudice Dicker Mills, &c.

Protifo.

Trustees mty ]r»fe the Rate* after the End of five Year$,

Public Notice thereof to be gives.

If the Trustees lease the Tolls, they Hull employ a Person, to be approved of by Sir William Wake and Mr. Floyer, to take an Account of the Tonnage of all Coeds passing through the Lock near King’s Weir.

The Trusteet under the former Act to have full Power to carry this Art irto Execution.

Penalties and Forfi iturts how to be recovered and applied,

Persons aggrieved my appeal to tht Quarter

Scflk»/i5.

LimrHriojs 11 Actions*

C. 58. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Letters, Figures, or Marks, which shall be inscribed thereon, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in ascertaining the Height at which the Water in Dicker Mill Stream aforesaid should be kept for the future, or in fixing or setting up any such Ports or Stones as aforesaid, nothing shall be done to the Prejudice of Dicker Millsy or of the"Occupier thereof, or of the said Water-works, or of certain Mills called Hertford Town Milhy or any Occupier thereof.

XXXVIII. Provided also, That no Occupier of the said Millstralled Dicker Mills, or Person having the Care of the said Water-works, shall be subject to the Penalty aforesaid, for not keeping the Water in Dicker Mill Stream up to such Height as aforesaid, whenever any of the Works of the said Navigation, above the Mouth of the Cut or Canal in Kings Mead, shall be out of Repair.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Term of five Years from and after the passing of this Act, the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to let or demise the Rates and Duties authorised to be collected upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, for any Term, not exceeding two Years at any one Time for the highest Rent they can get for the same, by public Bidding or other wise, the same to be payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, as the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit (the said Trustees taking proper Security from the Person or Persons to whom the said Tails shall be leased or demised, for Payment of the Rent or Rents, and Performance of the Covenants); which Rent and Rents shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and shall be applied and disposed of in the same Manner as the said Rates and Duties are by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and this Act, directed to be applied and disposed of.

XL. Provided always, That one Calendar Month's previous Notice, at the least, be given in some of the public Newspapers circulated in the said Counties of Hertford, Essex, Middlesex, and the City of London, of the Intention of the said Trustees to lease or demise the said Rates and Duties.

XLI. Provided also, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time Jet the said Rates and Duties, they shall, and are hereby required, during such Time as the Rates and Duties shall continue to be let as aforesaid, to keep constantly employed, at their own Costs and Charges, some proper Person, to be approved of by the said Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, their respective Heirs and Assigns, and such Person is hereby required to take and keep an exact and faithful Account in Writing of the Tonnage of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, which shall pass, from Time to Time, through the said Lock, in the Cut near to Kings Weir aforesaid 5 and the said Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, their respective Heirs and Assigns, shall have free Liberty, from Time to Time, to inspect such Accounts, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, within twenty Days before the Expiration of every Year, to compare the same with the Account kept by the Lessee of the said Tolls arising at King's Weir\ and in case such Lessee shall refuse to produce his Account to the said Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, for the Space of ten Days after Notice given for that Purpose, that then and in that Case his Lease mail, at the Expiration of the Year, cease and determine.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted and, declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees appointed or elected, or who shall hereafter be appointed or elected, by or in pursuance of the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all, every, or any of them, shall have full Power and Authority to act in the Execution of this present Act of Parliament, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if the several Provisions contained in this Act were inserted in the Body of the said recited Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are, by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or Juvlgnie^t of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence-committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for either of the said Counties where the Offence was committed, or supposed to be committed, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Cause of Appeal shall happen, the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said General Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or judgment shall be affirmed; and the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Orders therein, and to award Costs, as to them shall appear just; which Order* shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable* by any Writ of CVr-tiorari or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; amt’that no Order or Proceeding to be had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to the Execution of th Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, or Middlsex% and not elsewhere;

S

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. 439

and the Person or Persons so fucd or prosecuted, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act,* General issue. and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action,

Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fufter a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if in any such Action, Suit, or Information^Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Treble Costs. Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences E,pcnccj of thii incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the nrft Monies which Act how to be shall be collected or received by virtue of the said former Acts or this present Act.

[Public Act.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public

Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting iQ his Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, certain yearly Rates and Duties were granted upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain,

to be paid by the Occupiers thereof; (that is to say) a Duty of Sixpence in the Pound on all Dwelling- houses, with the Household Offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly Rent of five Pounds, and under the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds; and of one Shilling in the Pound on all Dwelling-houses,

with the Household Offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds and upwards;

to be estimated and ascertained in Manner therein expressed: And whereas the said Rates and Duties do not bear a proper Proportion to each other, and the Payment thereof hath been greatly evaded;’ we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do therefore think that it will be for the Advantage of the Public to repeal the present Rates and Duties on inhabited Houses, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties on inhabited Houses herein after mentioned, to be applied to the Uses and Purposes which the said Rates and Duties, granted by the above-mentioned Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, are now applicable unto; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Rates and Duties granted by the Act, made rn the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, except only such Monies as shall have become due in respect of the said Rates and Duties, assessed at any Time on or before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and which shall be in Arrear and unpaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That; from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties upon all inhabited Houses, with their Appurtenances, herein after mentioned, by the Occupiers thereof respectively; (that is to say) Upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, as herein after expressed, therewith occupied, which now are, or hereafter shall be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the Time being shall he, worth the yearly Rent of five Pounds and upwards, and under the yearly Rent of twenty Pounds, the yearly Sum of Sixpence in the Pound; and upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, as herein after expressed, therewith occupied, which now are, or* hereafter shall be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the Time being shall be, worth the yearly Rent of twenty rounds and upwards, and under the yearly Rent of forty Pounds, the yearly Sum of Nine-pence in the Pound; and upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Offices, Courts. Yards, and Gardens, as herein after expressed, therewith occupied, which now are, or hereafter shall be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the Time being shall be, worth the yearly Rent of forty Pounds and upwards, the yearly Sum of one Shilling in the Pound, to be estimated and ascertained in the Manner in the said Act and this present Act expressed.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, in all Parishes and Places where the Afliffiments were made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July, one thousand Lila seven

[Preamble.]

Recital of 18 Geo. III. Cap. a6.

After July { 1779,ihc Duties granted by the recited Act to cease.

New Duties to be paid; videlicet.

For all Inhabited Dwelling-hot’fes, drc. from 5 1. to 101, a Year, 6d. in the Pound j from sol. to 40 1., 9 d. in the Pound 5 and for all at 40 1. a Year and upwards,

I r. in the Pound.

Where the Assessfraents for the former Rates

440

were made for three Quarters of a Year, a further Assessment of one Quarter shall be made, up to July 5, 1779. Sixpenny Rates on Houses of soLa Year and upwards, made for any Time after July 5, 1779, to be void. Assessmenti for new Duties to be made out for three Quarters of a Year, up to April 6, J/80J

and after that Time to be made out annually, &c.

Coach-houses, &c. and Gardens not exceeding one Acre, to be valued together with the Dwell-ing-houset.

If the Commissioners in England or Wales shall neglect to appoint Assessors, 8rc. the Surveyors may perform their Duty.

Part of the recited Act repealed.

After July 5, 1779, no Afltflf-mentl which shall be made or delivered to the Commissioners, shall be altered before the Time for hearing Appeals.

All Shops and Warehouses attached to the Dwelling-house shall te charged to the Rate?, together with such Dwelling-house: I xrept those of Wharfingers.

No Warehouse shich is a dif-tio£t Building from the D*cll-ing-house and Shop, shall be charged uith the Rates

All inhabited Houses of 5 1.

C. 59. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

seven hundred and seventy-eight, to the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine* at the Rates prescribed by the former Act, a further Assessment shall be made at the same Rates for one Quarter, from the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to the fifth Day of July following; and that jf any Rate or Assessment, at Six-pence in, the Pound, on the Value of any House and Household Qflac^therewith occupied, worth the yearly Sum of twenty Pounds and upwards, hath been, or shall be made, in pursuance of the said Afl for raising the said Rate and Duty thereby granted, for and in respect of the Quarter, Half Year, or any other Time, after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every such Rate or Assessment, so far as the same relates to the raising such Rate and Duty, in respect of such Quarter, Half Year, or other Term, after the fifth Day of Julyf shall be null and void.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Assessments shall be made out for raising the Duties by this present Act imposed, from the fifth D.ay of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; which Assessments shall be certified by the Assessors, and returned by them to the said Commissioners, on or before the tenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; and that the Surveyors shall and may, on or before the sixteenth Day of November following, certify their Surcharges/or raising the said Duties for the said three Quarters, to "the said Commissioners; and that all Appeals, in respect to the said three Quarters Assessments, shall and may be heard and determined between the tenth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and fourth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and that from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousandi seven hundred and eighty, the said Duties shall he assessed annually for ope whole Year, to commence from the fifth Day of April in each Year and that in all future Years the Assessments shall be made out and certified, and the Surcharges certified, and the Appeals heard, at the same Times as the Assessments, Surcharges, and Appeals, are made, certified, and heard, on the Duties on Houses and Windows.

V. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Coach-house, Stable, Brewhouse, Wash-house, Laundry, Woodhouse, Bakehouse, Dairy, and other Offices, and all Yards, Courts, and Curtilages, and Gardens, not exceeding one Acre, belonging to, and occupied with any Dwelling-house, chargeable to the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, shall be valued together with such Dwelling-house, and be liable to, and charged and assessed with the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act.

VI. Ana, for the more effectual levying and coliefling the Duty imposed by this Act, in that Part of 1 Great Britain called England and Walesbe.it enacted and declared, That in case at any Time the Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, shall neglect to appoint Assessors, or in case the Assessors by them appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them, by the said Afl of the last Session of Parliament, and this present Act; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may he lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed, or to be appointed, in that Behalf, to do and perform such and the like Services as are by the said A As required from such Assessors.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that Part of the said recited Afl, whereby the Commissioners thereby appointed for putting the same in Execution have Power to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish, the Assessments to be delivered to the said Commissioners, before such Commissioners shall have set their Names to such respective Assessments, testifying their Allowance thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Assessments which shall be made or delivered to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, pursuant to the said Afl, or this present Act, shall be altered or diminished before the Time for hearing and determining Appeals, and then only upon the Commissioners hearing the Matter of the Appeal particularly relating thereto, or.concerning the same, upun a general Appeal Day.

IX. And whereas the said Afl recited, That several Manufactures, Trades, Occupations, and Call- ings, necessarily require Warehouses and Buildings requisite for carrying them on, by reason whereof, the Persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large Rents, or have laid out considerable Sums thereon, and that it might be a great Hardship upon such Persons to be rated to the full Extent of their respective Rents, or of the Value of the Premises above mentioned; and it was thereby enacted and declared, That such Premises should not be liable to the Duty imposed by the said Afl, but that the Aircffinent should be made on the Dwelling-house only, with the Household Offices belonging to it: And whereas, under Colour of the said Exemption, the Payment of the said Rates and Duties hath been greatly eluded it is therefore hereby ena6ied, That all.Shops and Warehouses, which are attached to the Dwelling-house, or have any Communication therewith (except such Warehouses and Buildings upon or near adjoining to Wharfs, which are occupied by Persons who carry on the Business of Wharfingers, and who have Dwe!)ing-houfts upon the said Wharfs for the Residence of themselves or Servants employed upon the said Wharfs, and who are to be rated in respect of the said Dwelling-houses only), shall be charged with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, together with the Dwelling-house and the Household and other Offices thereto belonging; any Thing in the said recited Afl to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Warehouse, being a diflinfl and separate Building, and not Part or Parcel of the Dwelling-house or Shop, but employed foiely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, or for carrying on feme Manufacture (although the same may adjoin to, or have an internal Communication with the Dwelling-house), shall be charged with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act; any Thing herein coatained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas it i? declared by the said Afl of the last Session of Parliament, That no Houses shall, within the Intention of that Afl, be deemed or taken to be inhabited Houses, except the same shall be

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. 441

inhabited by the Owner, or by a Tenant renting the same: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Houses inhabited by Persons who pay no Rent for the same are within the Meaning of the said Act ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, of the annual Value of five Potinds and upwards, inhabited by any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be subject to the Duty imposed by this Act, except such as are expressly excepted by the said recited Act: Provided always, That no House shall be considered as an inhabited House, in which a Servant or other Person only slides to take care of the same.

bited in which only one Person reticles to take

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That where any House shall be divided into different Stones or Tenements, let in different Apartments to several Persons, and subject by the said recited Act to the Duties thereby granted as if the same was inhabited by One Person or Family only, the Landlord or Owner of every such House shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier of such Dwelling-house, and shall be Charged with and liable to pay the Duties imposed by this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Hall and Office whatsoever belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, that are or may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Rates, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, and shall be respectively charged as inhabited Houses within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom the same shall belong, shall be charged and assessed as the Occupiers thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, no Person shall presume to

ad as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act, or of this present Act, or of such Part of the before recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty as relates to the granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, or any of the Powers therein or herein contained, until he hath first taken (besides the Oaths required to betaken by any other Act or Acts of Parliament) an Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, made and subscribed his solemn Affirmation, in the following Manner: ’

Y«tr or upwards, to be subject to the Duties, except such as are expressly excepted by the recited Act.

No House to be deemed inha-Care thereof.

Where Houses are let in different Tenements, the Landlord shall be deemed the Occupier.

All Halls and Offices chargeable to other Taxes or Parish Rates, to befub-jest to the Duties granted by this Act. Commissioners to be sworn before they execute this Act, or the recited Asti.

I A.B. do swear affirm, as the Case may require). That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office The Oath*, of aCdmriiissioner, and will determine upon all Appeals which shall be brought before me according to the belt of my Skill and Judgment, pursuant to the Acts of Parliament in that Behalf.

So help me GOD.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be Commissioneri capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or^ of this present Act, or ^ondo^Ac. any of the Powers therein or herein contained, within the City of London and Liberty of Saint Martin le ^befaorna* Grand\ nor within the City and Liberty of Westminster, unless such Person be possessed of Lands, Tene- to their Qualifi* hrients, or Personal Estate, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds at least, after the Payment of cation, ail his Debts, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 which Qualification they shall swear to previous to their acting as aforesaid, or, being one of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe his solemn Affirmation, in the following Form:

I A.B. do swear (or affirm, as the Case may require), That I truly and bona fide have such an Estate, The Oath.

confiding of Specifying the same), of the clear Value of two thousand Pounds, over and above what

will satisfy and ducharge all my Debts.

So help me GOD.

And if any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or of this present Act, or any of the Powers therein or herein contained, before he shall have taken such Oaths, or made such Affirmations, as herein directed, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety 'thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Petforts who will inform or sue for the same.

XVI. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, it is provided, That in case any Malfer or Mistress shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver, to the

Assessor or Assessors to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, a List of his or her Servants, as by the said Act is required; or in case, in any List delivered, any Servant or Servants shall, by the said Assessor or Assessors, be found to be omitted, then, and in either of the said cases, such Assessor or Assessors are by the Ad authorised and impowered to make, upon such Master or Mistress so neglecting or refusing to deliver a List, or delivering a deficient List, of his or her Servants, an Assessment of the Number of per- vants retained or employed by such Master or Mistress, as in the said Act is mentioned, distinguishing their Christian and Surnames, and their respective Employments; and the Surveyor or Surveyors, in the said Act mentioned, aie by the said Act authorised and required to examine every List and Assessment,

and if he or they shall difeov-er that any Master or Mistress, who should and ought to be charged with the said Duty, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, he or ,4 they are directed to certify, as in the said Act mentioned, such Servant or Servants as have been omitted,

together with the Christian and Surname, and the Employment, of each Servant, by way of Surcharge:

And whereas great Difficulties have occurred to the Assessors and Surveyors, in making such Assessments % and Surcharges, in discovering the Names and Employments of the Servants, in respect of whom the

Master

Penalty on Commissioners acting before they have taken the Oathi.

Recital of Part of the Servants Act, i7 Geo. III.

442

No Assessment or Surcharge, made by any AflelTor, &c. shall be impeached for any Miftalte in the Servant! Names, &c.

Regulations relating to Marten, &c. who have different Places of Residence.

Penalty on Masters for not returning Servants in one Parish, according to Lists, &c. delivered in another.

All the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Sec, in the recited Acts (not hereby altered), to be obferred in executing the said Alts, and this Act.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered.

Persons sued in executing this Act, may plead the General Issue,

and recover Treble Costs,

[Preamble.]

C. 60. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Matter or Mistress ought to be assessed and charged be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Assessment or Surcharge, made or to be made, by any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveys ors, by virtue of the said Act, or this present Act, shall be impeached or affected by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian or Surname, or either of them, of any Servants, or in the Description of their Employments; but that all such Assessments and Surcharges shall be valid and effectua!, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance, provided the Person or Persons intended to be described shall be a Servant or Servants, in respect of whom the Master or Mistress ought to be assessed within the Meaning of the said Act.

XVII. And whereas, by the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, Notice is taken, that many Matters and Mistresses have, or may have, different Places of Residence, or may have Servants, in respect of whom such Matters or Mistresses may be liable to be rated or assessed, stationed or redding in different Places, and Relief is therein provided to prevent such Matters and Mistresses from being all felled in more Places than one for their respective Servants, which has been found to be attended with considerable Difficulties, and afforded Occasion for many Evasions j* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Master or Mistress, when he or she is called upon by the Assessors for a List of his or her Servants, in each Parish or Dittrift where he or she has a Place of Residence, as directed by the said recited Act, shall at the same Time return a List, or make a Declaration, signed by him or her, of the Number of Servants they mean to pay for at every other Place, specifying the particular Parish or Parishes wherein he or she means to pay for such other Servant or Servants; and the said Assessors shall enter the same at the End of their several Assessments, and deliver them to the Surveyor for the District, that he may transmit the Particulars thereof to the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of Taxes; and on Failure of the Delivery of such List, or making a Declaration, in the Manner above-mentioned, by any Master or Mistress, the Assessors or Surveyors shall, and are hereby required to surcharge such Master or Mistress for every Servant who has been retained by any Master or Mistress respectively, within the Parish for which the Assessment is made, during the Year ending the fifth Day of April preceding the making such Assessment.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if it shall be discovered that any Serva'nt or Servants have not been returned by a Master or Mistress in one Parish, according to the Lists or Declarations delivered in another, in order to their being brought regularly into Charge by the Assessors, the Master or Mistress of such Servant or Servants shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds, one Half to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties,' Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, not hereby altered, contained in the said recited Acts made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, or either of them, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for raising and levying, collecting and paying, the several Rates and Duties on Servants, and on inhabited Houses, by the said Acts, and this present Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for any Offences against this Act, for which there is no particular Way of levying herein prescribed or appointed* shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Ifltie, and give the foecial Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Qofts awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LX.

An Act for establishing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael in the City of Coventry for the Time being in Lieu of Tithes; and for repealing so much of an Act of the fourth and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish.

WHEREAS the King’s Majesty, in Right of the Crown of these Realms, is Patron of the Vicar- age of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Michael in the City of Coventry: And whereas there have been certain Rates and Payments made to the now Vicar, and his Predecessors Vicars of the said Parish of St, Michael, which compose the principal and almost the whole of the Emoluments arising to the said Vicar; but the same are now become an incompetent Provision, and inadequate to the Duty re- quired to be performed in the said Parish: And whereas, by a Statute passed in the fourth and fifth

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. 443

Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary^ intituled, An Act for the Payment of Tythes in the Citie of Coventrye, a Sum of two Shillings in the Pound was charged upon the Occupiers of all Houses,

Buildings, and Gardens, within the said City and Suburbs, and made payable to the Vicars of the ic- spective Parishes therein; but no Payment or Claim hath ever been made under the said Act within the said Parish of Saint Michael, and, if enforced, would now become an intolerable Burthen on the Inha-

bitants of the said Parish, and a Subject of endless Expence and Litigation: And whereas the present Vicar and Parishioners of the said Parish have come to an Agreement between themselves to raise by a

Rate, in those Parts of the said Parish which lie within the said City and Suburbs, certain Sums of Money to be paid to him the said Vicar, and his Successors Vicars of the said Parish, in Lieu of the said ancient Rates and Payments, and of all Rights and Claims that can or may arise under the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the said ancient Rates Ancient Pay-and Payments made to the said Vicar, and his Predecessors Vicars of the said Parish, shall, and it is hereby meats, and Act declared that the same shall, from the Time of the Commencement of the Rate hereafter by this Act efta- J^-8"* 5th blished and made payable instead thereof, cease, determine, and be void, and be no longer paid or payable ^ar re e"led within such Parts of the said Parish which are within the said City and Suburbs; and that the said Act, with^respea w passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for this Parift, the Payment of Tithes in the Citie of Coventrye, shall, so far as the same relates to the said Parish and Vicarage of Saint Michael, be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, within fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, and within a Rate to be one Calendar Month next after Easter Tuesday in every Year afterwards for ever, a Rate or Assessment made in Lieu of shall be made, laid, and assessed, by Aflelfors to be nominated and appointed as herein after mentioned, *ntient Pay-upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any House, Garden, or 2c.° U Building, by whatsoever Name or Description the same may be known, within those Parts of the Parish of Saint Michael which lie within- the City and Suburbs of Coventry aforesaid; which said Rate or Assess-oient shall be made and laid to raise one Shilling in the Pound per Annum, and no more, upon all and every speh Premises respectively which are, or for the Time being shall be, of the yearly Rent or Value of ten Pounds and upwards, and Six-pence in the Pound per Annum, and no more, upon all and every such Premises respectively which are, or for the Time being shall be, of the yearly Rent or Value of six Pounds and upwards, and under the yearly Rent of ten Pounds; and which said Rate or Assessment shall be in Lieu and full Discharge of all ancient Payments, Easter Offerings, Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues,

Claims, and Demands whatsoever, heretofore paid or payable to the said Vicar (except Surplice Fees, and such Stipends, Donations, and Bequests, as have been heretofore or shall be hereafter bellowed upon the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being).

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Rate or Assessment shall be laid upon any House, Garden, or Building, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under six Pounds, if the same be not let upon a beneficial or repairing Lease, with Fine or Foregift paid or taken for the same, but of which Dwelling-house, Garden, or Building, the true annual Rent or Value shall bona fide be under six Pounds; nor shall any such Rate or Assessment be laid upon any public Building, Garden Ground occupied by Gardeners for the Purpose of felling the Produce thereof, or Gardens not contiguous to the Dwellings of the Occupiers thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rate or Assessment shall be laid and charged only upon the Inhabitants or Occupiers for the Time being of the respective Houses, Gar* dens, and Buildings, hereby made liable to the said Rate or Assessment, and not on the Landlord or Landlords who let or demise the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within fourteen Days after the parting of Inhabitants to this Act, and upon Easter Tuesday in each and every Year for ever after the passing of the same, or within a*1 *nnua, Ir fourteen Days next after every such Easter Tuesday, the Vicar for the Time being, and the Parishioners of f«_chufins Af* the said Parish of Saint Michael, who are liable to be ratejjJ or assessed determined by virtue of this Act, shall meet in t or,#

the Vestry-room of and belonging to the said Parish, or in such other Place where the Business of the said Parish is usually transacted; which respective Days of Meeting shall be appointed by the said Vicar for the Time being, and shall be held between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of such respective Days; and of each and every of which Meetings Notice shall be by him, or by some Person by his Direction, publicly given in the Church of Saint Michael aforesaid, immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon of the Sunday next preceding the Day of each and every of such Meetings; and the said Vicar for the Time being shall at such respective Meetings appoint, by Howtbeyffialli Writing under his Hand, one or more Person or Persons, not exceeding the Number of Six, being Inha- becbofcn* bitants of the said Parish and liable to the said Rate or Assessment, and not being of the People called Quakers; and the Majority of such Inhabitants so met or assembled in pursuance of such Notice as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby impowered to appoint, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, an equal Number of persons with the said Vicar for the Time being, Inhabitants of the said Parish, and liable to the said Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, and not being of the People called Quakers; which !aft* mentioned Appointment shall be frgned by three at leaftof the said Parishioners, if to many shall be then and there present; and in case there shall not be three of the said Inhabitants,-Mable to the said Rate or Assessment, present at such Meeting, then the said Vicar for the Time being, and* such other Person or Persons, Inhabitants of the said Parish and liable as aforesaid, as shall be then present, shall and are hereby impowered to make such Appointment in Manner aforesaid; and if none of the said Inhabitants of the said Parish so liable as aforesaid shall be present at such Meeting, or- being present

fhaili

House*, Arc. under 61, per Annum, end puolic Buildings, &c. not to* be rated.

Rate to be laid, on Orcopicrv only.

444-

A (Tc-T-ts *o have )( rssnal Notice ot tl»cir Appointment. Penalty on Assessori ref u fin g or neglecting to execute the Office.

No Person com-ptllable to ferre a second Time for 7 Yean.

Saint John’* Parish to be con-f dered as Part of Saint Michael*.

Houses, See, without the Limits of thefeve-ral Wards, not deemed within th- Suburbs. How Aftiessors are to be paid.

How Rates to be paid where Occupier* remove, or for m-termediatcTime.

Rate* to be made by Assessors, and delivered to the Vicar and Churchwardens.

C. 6o> Anno decimo«nono, GEORGGir III. A.D. 1779.

shall neglect or refuse to appoint such A IT: ffpr or A He (Tors in Manner aforesaid, then the said Vicar for the Time being shall, and is hereby authorised and impowered alone to appoint two or more Persons, not exceeding the Number of Six, being Inhabitants of the said Pari&apd liable as aforesaid in Manner and Form as before mentioned, which said Persons so appointed in Manner aforesaid by the said Vicar for the Time being, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish, or by the said Vicar alone, as the Case may be, shall and are hereby declared to be Asseftors for the Purposes of making the Rates or Assessinems, by this Act authorised and directed to be made, and shall continue in such Office for the Term of one Year.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, immediately after the said Appoint* ments or Appointment, a Duplicate or Copy of such Appointments or Appointment shall be delivered per* Tonally to the several Persons appointed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person appointed as aforesaid, and refusing to take upon him the said Office of Assessor, or neglecting duly to execute the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, which shall be recovered from him and them respectively in like Manner and by the Means hereafter appointed for the Recovery of the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made, and shall be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Alidad, to be by them applied in Aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons who shall duly execute the said Office of Assessor, or shall pay the aforesaid Penalty for not executing the same, shall not be compelled or compellable to execute the same again for the Term or Space of seven Years theij next following.

IX. Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parish of Saint John Baptist within the City and Suburbs aforesaid shall, as to any Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Appointment of Assessors to assess or make the same, and all and every other Matters and Things herein contained, be deemed and taken to be Part of the Parish of Saint MicbaeL

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Messuages, or other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, or other Hereditaments, shall be construed or taken to be within the Suburbs of the said City as to the Purposes of this Act, the Situ ation or Situations whereof respectively is or are without and beyond the Limits of the several Wards of the said City.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and in Consideration of the extraordinary Trouble that the Assessors will have in making and adjusting the first Assessment to be made under and by virtue of this Act, the said Assessors shall have an Allowance for such first Assessment of Threepence for each House assessed by them respectively; and the Assessors appointed yearly afterwards in Manner herein-before directed, shall also have an Allowance, for each and every Rate or Assessment made by them in pursuance of this Act, of one Penny for each House so assessed by them respectively; such respective Allowances to be paid to the said Assessors respectively, by the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, upon the Delivery of such Assessments in Manner herein-afterdirested.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House, Garden, or Building, rated or assessed, or liable to be rated or assessed, by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person assessed shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any Rate or Assessment in pursuance of this Act was empty or unoccupied, that then every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay to such Rate in Proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the same respectively, in the same Manner, and under the like Penalty of Distress as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such Person so coming into and occupying such House, Garden, or Building, had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be finally settled and ascertained by the Justices of the Peace for the said City in a summary Way, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby impowered and required to administer), at their then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held within one Month next after such Dispute shall arise; and the said Justices are hereby author ifed and required, upon Application to them for that Purpose, finally so settle and ascertain the same in Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons so appointed Assessors as aforesaid do and shall, within two Months after personal Notice of such Appointment, and such other Persons who shall be afterwards appointed Assessors in Manner aforesaid do and shall, within one Month after personal Notice of every such Appointment, estimate and ascertain, according to.,the best of their Skill and Judgment, the full and just yearly Rent or Value of every such Dwelling-house, Garden, and Building, hereby charged and chargeable as aforesaid, within those Parts of the said Parish of Saint Afichivl which lie within the said City and Suburbs, and do and shall make a Rate or Assessment in Writing of* one Shilling in the Pound, according to such Estimate and Valuation, upon the Occupier or Occupiers of every Dwelling-house, Garden, and Building, of the yearly Value of ten Poupds and upwards, in respect thereof, and of Six-pence in the Pound, according to such Estimate or Valuation, upon the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Dwelling-house, Garden, and Building, of, the yearly Value of six Pounds and upwards, in respect thereof; and which said first Rate or Assessment so to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be made for one whole Year, commencing at the Feast of Ea/ier, one thousamJ seven hundred and seventy-nine; and do and shall, within one Week after such Rates and Assessmems shall have been made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and in the same Manner within one Week after the Rates and Assessments shall have been made in all succeeding Years, deliver a Copy or Duplicate of such Rates or Assessments to be made respectively as aforesaid, fairly written and subscribed by them, unto the said Vicar for the Time being, and another Copy or Duplicate thereof to

the

445

C. 60.

Assessments to be verified on Oath,

Notice of Rates to be given in the Panfli Church, rr

If Assessors re- fuse to make Assessment, the Vicar to aflcla.

A.D. 1779". Anno aecimo nono Georgii III.-

the Churchwardens of the far'd Parish, some or one of them, to be by them, some orone of them, lodged rn the Vestry of the said Parish for the Use and Inspection of the Inhabitants of the same who are Fable to be rated or aflVfled by virtue of this AdE

Xi V. P/ovided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Assessor shall, before the Delivery of the Duplicates of such Assessment to the said Vicar and Churchwardens in Manner aforesaid, produce such Assessment and Duplicates thereof to some one of the Justices of the Peace in and for the said City; and at the Time of such Production make Oath before such Justice, in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

J A. B* do swear, That in the Assessment, and Duplicates of the same, now produced by me of the Form of Oath# < Houses, Cardens, and Buildings, situate in those Parts of the Parish of Michael which lie within the

‘ City liid Subur os of Coventry, under and by virtue of an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing certain Payments to be trade to the Wear of the Parish fl/'Saint Michael in the

City ^/"Coventry, have rated each Hou'e, Garden, and Building, at their true annual Rent or Value,

‘ according to the belt of my Skill and Judgment,

So help me GOD.

;\v hich Oath each and every Justice of the Peace in and for the said City is hereby impowered and required to administer upon Application to him for that Purpose, and to certify at the Foot of such AflefiT-ment, and the Duplicates thereof, that such Oath as above mentioned was duly taken before him by the AfTtflors making such Assessment.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Notice of every such Rate or Assess-irent being made and verified in the Manner aforesaid shall be given in the said Parish Church of Saint AJichacl immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon of the Sunday next after the same is delivered in so verified as aforesaid, to the said Vicar and Churchwardens, and also a primed or written Notice that such Rate or Assessment is fo" made and verified as aforesaid, shall on the same Sunday be affixed on the Door of the said Parish Church; in U’hieh said Notices the Time within which any Person or Persons, who shall apprehend him, her, or themselves to be aggrieved by any such Rate or Assessment, must appeal,

"(ball be expressed and declared.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the major Part of the Assessors, so to be appointed, shall neglect or refuse to make such Assessment within the Time limited Fy this Act for making the same, then the said Assessment shall and may be made by the other Assessors or AfltfTor only; and if all and every such Assessors or Assessor shall neglect or refuse to make such Assessment within the Time aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Vicar or his Successors to make the same; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall be mentioned in the Assessment or Assessments so to be made by the said other Assessors or Assessor, or by the said Vicar or his Successors, shall be liable to pay the several Sums for which he, she, or they shall be so rated, as fully as if the same had been made by all the said Assessors; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the said Rates or RitetobecoU

Assessments, afrer the same shall be so made, verified, and published as aforesaid, shall or may be collected by the

by the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, or any Person or Persons acting for him and under his Vu*r(lu*rlcrly« Direction and by his Appointment, Quarterly, at the four most usual Days of Payment; videlicet, the

Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, the Nativity of our Lord Christ> 7

and the Feast of Rafter, by equal Portions; and the Money arising thereby shall be to the sole Use and Benefit of the Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Michael in Coventry for the Time being, and shall be accepted and taken in Lieu of, and in full Satisfaction and Compensation for, all ancient Raftes and Payments, and all Manner of Tithes, Modules in Lieu of Tithes, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Demands of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, heretofore paid or payable to the said Vicar, and his Predecessors Vicars of the said Parish, within those Parts of the said Parish which lie within the said City and Suburbs (Surplice Fees excepted, which shall remain due and payable as heretofore, and also except all such Endowments, Bequests, and Stipends, as have been heretofore or shall hereafter be bellowed upon the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being).

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so rated and act'efTed as aforesaid, who shall not appeal from such Rate or Assessment within the Time herein after limited for that Purpose, shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay to the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons acting for him, and under his Direction, and by his Appointment# the Sum and Sums of Money, which he, she, or they shall be rated or afllfled at by virtue of this Act; or if any Person or Persons, appealing in Manner hereafter directed, shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay to the said Vicar, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid to receive the same, such Sum or Sums of Money as upon the Determination of such Appeal shall be found to be due and payable to the said Vicar for the Time being, for the Space of ten Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the usual Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons respectively; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more JufPce or Justices of the Peace of the said City, upon Oath of the said Vicar for the Time being, or some Person acting for and under him (which Oath they are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), of any such Demand and Nonpayment, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals (which he or they are hereby impowered and required to grant), to authorise and direct such Person or Persons so acting for and under the said Vrcar, and any other Person to be therein named, to levy, as soon as may be, such Rate or Monies so in Arrear and refused or neglected to be paid, together with the Costs attending

Rites to be recovered by Dif* tress and Sal? of the Good* and Chattels of Peffons nepleflin^ or refusing to pay.

446

‘Heu'e?, where Part let out to Lagers, to be paid fit by prist* cipal Occupier.

Hou'iei, 8rc, let without Rent reserved on account of Fine, or at less than real Valor, on account ot Covenant for Improvement, to be RirVflfetl at the real Value.

Rent reserved without Fine, &c. to be con-cl jfive Evidence of the Value of the Premise?. Provision agataft Vraud or Col-lolion between Landlords and Tenants.

Persons aggrieved by the Ratrs m.iy appeal to the Justices in within one Month after Publication. Witnesses to be examined on Oath.

No Abatement to be made in, or Addition to, the jRate, onless it

Shall appear upon Oath that the Party is overrated or under* rated.

Three Days Notice of Appeal to be given by Appellant.

How Witntllci to be compelled to attend.

C. 6o. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

the same, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person or Persons so in Arrear, and refuting or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, wherever such Goods and Chattels can be found, not only in the said Parish of Saint Michael, but in any other Parish or Place within the City or County of the City of Coventry, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Party or Parties fpdistrained, or leaving the same, for his, her, or their use, at the Place where such Distress shall be made.

XIX. And whereas many Persons, Occupiers of Houses within the said Parish of Saint Michael, do ‘ or may let out Part or Parts thereof to divers Persons as Lodgers or Inmates only, of whom it might be ‘ difficult to recover the Rates or Assessments laid thereupon ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such case it shall be lawful for the Assessors to be appointed for the Purpose of this Act, and they are hereby required to rate and assess the principal Occupier and Occupiers, whether Owners, or Tenants under the Owners of such Houses respectively, of which such Part or Parts shall be so let out to Lodgers or Inmates for the Whole of such House and Houses; which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by and recovered of such principal Occupier and Occupiers respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any House, Garden, or Building, by whatsoever Name or Description the same may be known, within the said Parish of Saint Michael (except as herein-before excepted), shall be let on Lease without any Rent reserved thereby, on account of Fore-gift or Fine having been paid for the same; or at a less Rent than the real annual Value thereof, on account of any Covenant therein contained for Improvement of the same; then, and in every such Case, every such Dwelling-house, Garden, and Building as aforesaid, shall for the Purposes of this Act be act'efled according to the real annual Rent that the same shall at the Time of making such Assessment appear to the Assessors to be worth to let; and they are hereby authorised and required to assess the same accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a Rent is, bona fide, reserved upon any Lease of a House, Garden, or Building, without any Fine or Fore-gift paid for the same, or any Covenant therein contained for Improvement of the Premises, such Rent shall, and the same is hereby declared to be conclusive Evidence of the annual Value of such Premises.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby also enabled, That, in order to prevent any Fraud or Collusion between Landlords and Tenants, no House, Garden, or Building which, on the firstt Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, was let at the yearly Rent of ten Pounds or upwards, shall thereafter be rated or assessed at less than that Sum, unless the yearly Rent thereof shall be, bona fide, reduced to nine Pounds or under; and that no House, Garden, or Building, which at the Time aforesaid was let at the yearly Rent of six Pounds or upwards, shall thereafter be rated or assessed at less than that Sum, unless the yearly Rent thereof shall be, bona fidey reduced to five Pounds or under.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Vicar for the Time being, or any Person or Persons rated or liable to be rated or act'efled by virtue of this Act, shall apprehend him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Vicar or other Person and Persons to appeal from such Rate or Assessment to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the said City of Coventry, or at any Adjournment thereof, within one Month next after Publication of such Rate or Assessment shall have been made in Manner aforesaid; and the said Justices, other than and except such Justices as may be interested in the Premises, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, at such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to hear and determine the causes and Matter of every such Appeal in a summary Way, by the Examination of Witnesses, upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby impowered and required to administer and take), and to alter and amend such Rate; or Assessment in the Articles complained of according to the Justice of the Case, and to award to the Party or Parties for whom any such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of five Shillings; which Costs and Sum, inserted in the said Rate by the said Justices upon an Appeal, shall be recovered in like Manner and by the Means herein-before appointed for the Recovery of the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices shall not, upon the hearing of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in, or Addition to, the Charge made upon any Person by such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, but the same shall (land good and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said Justices, by Examination of the Circumstances of the Case upon Oath, that such Person is over-rated or under-rated in and by such Rate or Assessment, in which Case the said Justices are hereby authorised and impowered upon every such Appeal to abate and diminish, or to add and to raise, any such Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Occupier or Occupiers, rated or act'efled by virtue of this Act, shall appeal from any such Rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall give, or cause to be given, three Days Notice at the least of his, her, or their Intention of appealing, and of the Matter and Cause thereof, to the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being; and that if the Vicar for the Time being shall appeal from any such Rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid, he shall give or cause to be given the like Notice in Writing of such his Intention, and of the Matter and Cause thereof, to the Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises in respect of which he shall so appeal against the said Rate or Assessment.

XXVI. And whereas it may be difficult to procure the Attendance of Witnesses upon Appeals made in pursuance of the Powers in that Behalf in this Act contained be it further enacted by the Authority afore-iaid, That each and every Justice of the Peace in and for the said City is hereby impowered and required, upon

6 Application

447

A.D. 1779. Anno decima nono Georgii III. c. 60.

Application for that Purpose, to issue and grant a Summons or Summonses for the Attendance of any Wif-ness or Witnesses upon hearing of any such Appeal on the Behalf of the Appellant or Respondent, as the Case may be 5 and every such Witness refusing or neglecting to appear and give Evidence according to such Summons upon the Hearing of any such Appeal (unless prevented by Sickness, or other lawful Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices) shall, upon Proof of the Service of such Summons requiring his Attendance, and of such Refusal or Neglect upon Oath before such Justices of the Peace in and for the said City in Session assembled, forfeit and pay, to the Use of the Party on whose Behalf such Witness was summoned to appear, such Sum as shall by such Justices be thought reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered in case of Nonpayment thereof from every such Witness respectively, by the Party to whom the same shall be forfeited, in like Manner and by the Means herein-before appointed for the Recovery of the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed to be made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Vicar of the said Parish shall be intitled to and (had receiv rrom all and every Person and Persons who did inhabit, use, or occupy, any House, Garden, or Building (except as before excepted), in the said Parish Within the City aforesaid, and the Suburbs thereof, at any Time*between the Feasts of Easter, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, such Proportions of the several Sums of one Shilling in the Pound upon every such Premises of the yearly Rent or Value of ten Pounds and upwards, and Sixpence in the Pound upon every such Premises of the yearly Rent or Value of six Pounds, and under the yearly Rent or Value of ten Pounds, according to the Time such Persons respectively did inhabit, use, or occupy, any of such Premises respectively; the same to be ascertained according to the Rate that shall be first made in pursuance of this Act* with the like Liberty of appealing, and with the like Powers of recovering the same, as are herein-before established in respect to the said Rate.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to apd for the Church wardens.and Overseers of the Poor of the Lid Parish for the Time being, or the greater Part of them (if they shall think ht), to raise and levy yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast of Easter which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by a Pound Rate to be assessed and made by them, or the greater Part of them, according to the Proportions herein-before prescribed, and subject to the same Remedies for the Recovery thereof, and to the like Appeal and Relief in case of any Grievance arising therefrom, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of three hundred Pounds, or less than the Sum of two hundred and eighty Pounds, and to pay the same over annually to the said Vicar for the Time being, and his Successors for ever, at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; videlicet, The Nativity of Saint Join the Baptist, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, the Nativity of our Lord Chrifly and the Feast of Easter, by equal! Portions, clear of all Taxes, Deductions, Charges, and Expences whatsoever, parochial, parliamentary,* or otherwise howsoever; which said Sum of two hundred and eighty Pounds, to be paid in Manner aforesaid, the Vicar for the Time being is hereby required to accept and take in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all his Claims and Demands under and by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And then and in such Case, during the Payment of the said two hundred and eighty Poundsin Manner aforesaid, the Powers hereby given for appointing Allefiors, and for their making a Rate or Assessment in Manner herein-before prescribed, shall cease; but in case the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being shall neglect or refuse to pay to the said Vicar for the Time being the said clear annual Sum or Payment of two hundred and eighty Pounds at the Days and Times, and in Manner herein-before appointed for Payment thereof, or for one Calendar Month next after any or either of the said Days of Payment, then and in such Case the Lid Vicar for the Time being, and the said Parishionerr, or the said Vicar alone, as the Case may be, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to appoint Assessors from Time to Time, and to makeorcause to be made a Rate or Assessment for the Benefit of the said Vicar for the Time being, as in this Act is before directed concerning the same, and as they might have done if this Clause had not been inserted therein.

XXIX. Provided always, that the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being shall not raise or levy any Money by virtue of this Act, or of any Powers or Authority thereby given them, until all the Expences of obtaining this Act, together with all other Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining thereof, and incurred previous to the Petition for the said Act, shall have been raised and paid according to such Rates, Assessments, and Directions, as are herein after mentioned and enacted for that Purpose.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Half Part of the Expences of

obtaining this Adfhnll be paid and defrayed by the present Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Michael by and out of the first Monies by him collected under and by virtue of the same, or in case of his Death before Payment thereof, by his Executors or Administrators; and the said Rate or Assessment made payable to theiaid Vicar by virtue heteof shall and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of the same; and that the other Half Part of such Expences, together with all other Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining thereof, and incurred previous to the Petition for the said Act, shall be raised and paid immediately after the passing thereof by a like Rate or Assessment, and shall be collided and recoverable in the same Manner as the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made for the said Vicar.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Appeals, causes, and Pro-

ceedings whatsoever, relating to and concerning the Execution of this Act, any inhabitant within those Parts of the said Parish of Saint Michael which lie within the Lid City and Suburbs, shall and may be admitted, to give Evidence, the Rate or Assessment charged or to be charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant by- virtue of this Act notwithstanding- 1

For recovering Arrears doe be* twern Ea/ler, i7?Mod Easter, *779*

Church wardens and Overseers, after L after, 1780, may levy annually, by a Pound Rate, from 280'to jooJ.i

which shall be paid quarterly to the Vicar,

in full Satisfaction of all hit Demands under this Act.

Erpe :ce» of this Act to Sc paid before any Mo- -ne.y <h.!I he le-vird by virtue thereof.

How the Expences of thil Ad> shall be dt* f rayed.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses,

No Settlement to be gainei by paying the Rate.

Dirt refs not unlawful for want of Form, See,

limitation of AlUoai*

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs*

[Public Act.]

Pee amble.

Rjrcitfcl of 13 Geo. III. tag 64,

C. 61, ‘ Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be charged with or pay to any Rate or Assessment to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall thereby gain any legal Settlement in the said Parish of Saint Michael.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress and Sale shall be made by virtue of this Act, such Distiefs and Sale shall not be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making or doing the same respectively be deemed aTrefpafler or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form, or other Irregularity, in any Warrant or other Proceeding whatsoever, relating to or concerning any such Distress and Sale; r.or shall the Party or Parties making such Distress and Sale be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done o‘r transacted in any such Case by him or them; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by any such Irregularity shall and may, by Action of Trespass, or on the Case, recover Satisfaction for the special Damages only, and in every such Action shall have no more Costs than Damages,' unless such Damages shall exceed the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no Action or Suit whatsoever shall be commenced orpTofecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or any Clause, Power, or Thing herein contained, until after fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Party aggrieved, shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom the said Action or Suit is intended to be brought; nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, ora Tender thereof, hath bten made to the Party or Parties so alleging him, her, or themselves to be aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months nex*t following such Grievance,/ and the Fadl committed; and every such Action shall be laid in the County of the City of Coventry, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his Elec-, tion specially, or the General issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to* be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act, and by Force of some or one ofr the Powers and Authorities hereby given: And if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before fourteen Days Notice had been thereof gven, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, or after the Time limited for bringing the same, as is herein-before directed, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury in every such Case shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such Action, if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon l>*murrer. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may iccover Treble1 Colls, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases’ by Law.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein containedv shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and Avail be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spedially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions, the Terri- jorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately- obtained in the East Indies \ and for continuing, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better' Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire, in the Course of the present Year.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty/ly a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills; and to bs advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; it was ditedled, That the Commissioners of his MajestyV Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, should cause to be prepared and made any Number of Exchequer Bills, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, to be lent, advanced, and issued, as in the said Act was directed, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas by the said Act it was declared, That in the then Circumstances of the East India Company, it would not be in their Power to provide for the Re payment of the Loan aforesaid, and for cilablishing their Affairs upon 4 a more secure Foundation for the Time to come, unless the Public should agree to forego, for the then present Time, all Participation in the Profits anting from the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and therefore it was by the said Act enacted, That until the aforesaid Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds should be repaid, and the Bond Debt of the Company be reduced to the Sura ofc one million five hundred thousand Pounds; the whole clear Profits arising from the aforesaid territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenue and Profits of the said Company* after providing for the cur- rent Payments of interest, and other Outgoings, Charges and Expences, of the said Company, should, from Time to Time, be disposed Of and applied in the Manner as in the said Act was directed; (that is to say,) Until the aforesaid Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds should be repaid, and so *- long as the said Sum, or any Part thereof, should remain unpaid, there should>rin the fcrfi Place*, be set

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 61.

449.

4* apart and applied, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, such a Sum as might be sufficient for'an- fwering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company; and all the Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits should be applied in Diminution of the said Sum of one Million four, hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as should be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the ’ 4 Charges incurred in resp^ft thereof; and after the Repayment of the Whole of the Money so advanced.

and applied as aforesaid, and until the Bond Debt of the said Company should be reduced to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, there should in like Manner be set apart and applied, in 4‘ the first Place, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, such Sum as might be sufficient for answering 4 a Dividend, not exceeding the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the fair! Company; after which all the Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits should be applied 4% in reducing the Bond Debt of the said Company: And whereas the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand rounds has been rep-id, and fully discharged, and all the Charges incurred in respect thereof

have been defrayed, and the Bond Debt of the said Company* has been reduced to, or under, the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, whereby the Circumstances, in Consideration whereof 4*rt way in the aforesaid Act declared that the Public should agree to forego, for the ftien present Time*,

all Participation in the Profit arising froi»the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the

East Indies, have ceased and are determined; but whereas notwithstanding it may be expedient that the aforesaid territorial Acquisitions and Revenues should, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions 4j and Restrictions, remain In the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conf nt of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-strfral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. and their Successors, for and duiing the Term of one Year, to be computed from the fifth Day of Aprils in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

Provided always, and be it futher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and do ring thqr* said Term, the whole clear Prrfbs arising from the said tenitorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attemfing the same, together with all the clear Revenue and Profits of t)ie said Company, af:«r providing for the current Payments of Interest, and.other Outgoings* Charges,^ and Expences, of the find Company, shall be difp >fed of and applied in Manner following; that is to say, it shall and m y be lawful, out of the said cle.tr Revenues and Profits, to set apart and apply, in the first Place, such Sum as m ly be sufficient for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, after which the whole Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Piofrs shall be reserved and await ^ny future Agreement that may be made between the Public and the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act,* the said United Company do cause, and they are hereby directed and required to cause to be made up half-yearly, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case will admit, a Statement or Account of the Profit and Lof> upon tho Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said Company, together with a State* of the Debts of the said Company in England, exclusive of their Bond Debt, to the first Day of September, ' and the fi ft Day of March; the first of tuch Statements or Accounts to be male up from the first Day* of March to the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seven y nine; and to transniitV such Statement or Account fail 1 v-written, and signed by two or more of the Directofs of the said United* Company, within twenty-one Days after the Dav to which such Statement or Account shall be made* up respectively, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company, or their Successors, or any of their Officers or Servants on their Account, to accept or otherwise bind the said Company or their Successors, for the Payment of any Bill or B IN of Exchange, drawn by any of their Officers or Servants, at any of their Presidencies in the East Indies, for any Sum exceeding the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of Certificates, to the Amount of eight thousand rounds, to the Commanders and Officers of each of the Company’s Ships, without the Consent and Order first had and obtained of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, <?r any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the TifrK? Being, who are hereby reflectively authorised to give such Consent, or to make such Order thereon as they shall judge expedient j and ^very1 Acceptance or Engagement made* concriry to the true Meaning1 aim ln:e tot this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And whereas by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for eft a- blishing certain Regulations for t()c better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in

India as in Europe, it was, among other Things, enacted, rl hat*, for the Government of thciPreficIencjL 4 of Fort William in Bengal, th^re should be appointed a Governor General and four Counsellors, and that the whole Civil and Military Government of the said Presidency, and also the Ordering, Ma-

nagement, and Government of all the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms of Ben-j4 gul, Ba'har^'anq OriJJdr should,* during;fych Time as the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues Thould remain in the Pr fibfiipji of the find United Company, be vtfted in the said Governor General and Courtcil of the said Presidency of Fort William ill Bengal; and also that the Governor General and four first Counsellors, appointed by the said Act, should each of them hold and continue in his and their respect

tive Offices for and during the Term of five Years from the Time of their Arrival at Fort William in

Ikflgfc/, and taking upon them the Government of the said Presidency, and should not be removeable in

All the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, to remain in Post'ciiion of the Company till April 5, 1780.

No Dividend to be made by the Company, before April 5, 1780, of more than Eight per Cent* ? per Ann.

The Company

are to cause to be made up half yearly, during the Continuance tf this Act, an Account of the Profit and Loss upon their Trade, &c.

which shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of ti e Trea-

ru,y* 'V

T he Comp*njr restricted from atcepting Bills a*>ove a certain Sum drawn ca' "* them by their Officer?, Ac, in r the Enft Indies, wit hour rheCon- sent of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

Recital of 13 Geo. III. Cap. 63.

45°

The Governor

General and Counsellois of the Presidency. ef Fort W lliarr*, shall continue in their Offices during the Continence of this Act, except they should be removed by his Majesty, &c.

This Act not to the Rights of the Crown, or of the Company, after the Expiration thereof. Public ACT

[Preamble.]

Recital ofan Act *3 & 14 Car. II.

After .14 June *779# Lime, &c. for the Improvement of Land, may be carried from Port toPort* without giving any Cocquet or Bqd^,

C. 62 - 64. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

the mean Time, except by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Representation made by the Court of Directors for the said United Company for the Time being: And whereas it may be expedient. 4 that the said Regulation should be extended to the Person and Persons who, at the Time of passing this 4 Ad, th ill have and enjoy the respective Offices of Governor General, and Counsellors of the said Pre- fidency \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person and Persons who, at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have and enjoy the Office and Offices of Governor General and Counsellors of the said Presidency, shall hold and continue in his and their respective Offices for and du-. ring the Continuance of this Act, and shall not be removeable in the mean Time, except by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Representation made by the Court of Directors for the said United Company for the Time being; and shall have and enjoy all and Angular the Powers and Authorities verted by the said Act in the first Governor General and four first Counsellors by the said Act appointed, and shall. -be subject to the said Restrictions and Limitations as by the said Act the first Governor General and first. four Counsellors were made subject 5 and that in case of the Avoidance of the Offices of such Governor ^General, or any of the said Counsellors, such Office shall be respectively supplied in the same Manner, as the same Office would by the said Act have been supplied, during the Remainder of the Term of five. 'Years wh-»ch was computed from the Time that the first.Governor General 3nd four first Counsellors took, upon them the Government of the said Presidency.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extensor be construed to extend, to affect the Rights of the Crown, or of the said Company, after the Expira-, tion of this Act;'but that the same shall remain, continue, and be in the same State and Condition ifl-all Respects, as though this Act had never been made.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to *be a Public Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons., whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LX II.

An Act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cotquet or Bond.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Vears of the Reign of Kin\gCharles the Second (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs),

it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, shall be shipped or put on board to be carried forth to the open Sea, from any one Port, Creek, or Member, of England,

Dominion of Wales, or Port and Town of Berwick, to be landed at any other Place of this Realm,

without a Sufferance or Warrant first had and obtained from the Officers of his Majesty's Custom?, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandises* shall be forfeited and lost; and that the Matter of every Ship or Vessel that shall so lade or take in any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, to be landed and dif*

charged as aforesaid, shall, before the Ship or Vessel be removed or carried out of the Port from whence be shall take in his Lading, take out a Cocquet or Cocquets, and become bound to the King’s Majesty,

with good Security, in the Value of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, for Delivery and Discharge thereof, in the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered, or in some other Port or Place in th;3 4 Kingdom: And whereas, in order to promote the Cultivation and Improvement of Land, it is expe- diem that Lime, and other Articles necessary for that Purpose, should be removed at as little Expence as possible to the Owners and Proprietors of such Land, and that they should not be put to any Trouble or Difficulty more than is necessary for the Security of the public Revenue be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and* Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thatr from and after the twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry-nine, «o Cocquet or Bond shall be required or taken by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, from the M tfter or Owner of any Hoy, Vessel, or Boat, or from any other Person whatsoever, for carrying or removing of any Lime-Lime-stones, Chalk, Marie, or Dung, from any Port, Member, or Creek, in Great Britain, to be landed at any other Port or Place within the said Kingdom; but such Lime, Lime-stones, Chalk, Marie, and Dupg, may be so shipped and Laden, at any Port, Member, or Creek, within this Kingdom, by Suffer-# ance or Warrant, ?nd may be removed and carried by open Sea, and landed at any other Port or Place, in Great Britain? by Transirg only; any Thing in the said recited Act> or any other Act, to the contrary ig any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-rnine* Jfsoo, coo/.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for raising further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.-nirte. i,9co>oooo /

A.D. 177*

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 65, 66. 451

[Preamble.]

CAP. LXV.

An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster.

WHEREAS it is reasonable and expedient that a further Augmentation should be made to the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster: And whereas the several Stamp-duties, granted by divers Acts of Parliament, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the second and fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and appropriated for the Payment of the augmented Salaries of the respective Judges and Justices therein mentioned; and which since that Time, by ail Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, have been charged with the Payment of a second Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the great Sessions for the Counties of Wales, have for many Years past produced annually a considerable Surplus, but not sufficient to supply so much as is necessary for such further Augmentation as aforesaid; and there remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Sum of fifteen thousand two hundred and ninety-seven Pounds ten Shillings and Five-pence Farthing, of the Surplusses of the several Stamp-duties aforesaid:

And whereas the Dcduftiorts of Six-pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions. Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, established by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, after satisfyin^ the Annuities thereby charged on the same* hath also for many Years past produced a very considerable Surplus, all which said several Surpluses are by the said Acts respectively reserved for the Disposition of Parliament;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there shall be yearly, and every Year, issued, paid, and applied, out of the said Sum of fifteen thousand two hundred and ninety-seven Pounds ten Shillings and rive pence Farthing, of the Surplusses of the said several Stamp-duties so remaining in the Receipt of t the Exchequer as aforesaid; and out of all or any of the Surplusses which have arisen or shall arise upon the said several Stamp-duties granted by the Acts afote-said (after the Payments already charged thereupon shall from Time to Time have been satisfied), and out of the Surpluses now remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and which shall hereafter arise, upon the said Deductions of Six pence in the Pound out of all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments as aforesaid, after satisfyine the said several Annuities already charged on the same, the Sums of Money following, to the several Judges herein after mentioned, as an Addition to and in further Augmentation of their respective Salaries; that is to say, the Sum of four hundred Pounds to each of the Puisne Justices for the Time being in the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster \ the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the Chief Baron for the Time being in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster; and the Sum of four hundred Pounds to each of the othe; Barons of the Coif for the Time being in the said Court of Exchequer; which said several and respective Sums of Money shall be and are hereby charged upon the said Sum of fifteen thousand two hundred and ninety-seven Pounds ten Shillings and Five-pence Farthing, and also upon the several Surplusses aforesaid; and shall be paid thereout in every Year at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the Salaries of the said Judges now are'or have been accustomarily paid*

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment* and Paper-, and for better securing the Stamp-duties upon Indentures, Leases*,

Deeds, and other Instruments.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preamble, assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty^ by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the second Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain^ unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,)

After July 1779,tt5cre be paid yearly out of the Surp(ufiet of certain Stamp-duties, &c. the {.Mowing Surra, in Augmentation of the Judges Salaries; videlicet.

4001. to each Fuine Judge in the King's Bench and Common Pleas; 5001, to the Chief Baron, Mid 4001, to each of the other B*rona of the Eichequer*

After Aug.

1779,-the following addition^ Stamp-duties to be paidj videlicet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Pro- Skin

bate of a Will, or Letters of Administration for any Estate of or above the Value of one hundred Pounds. frail be ingrossfed, written, or printed, an additional Sump-duty of twenty Shillings

>, and a further additional

used :n (he Pro-bate of a WiM, of adainiOcring to

MainilUruig l

AS2

*nEftate of jcoK V^lue, aos. ice.;

For every f-lcin, ice. use^ in the Copy of a Will, id.:

For ditto used in any Libel, Arc. in any Ecclesiastical <« ' For evety Piece, &c. used in Writs of Coveruat for

For ditto used in Writs of Entry for fuft’ering a

For every Skin of Vellum, used in any Exemplification that Hull

For every Skin, &c. used in any Piefenration or Donation uncer the Gre*t Seal, or in any Collation, &c. to any Ecclesiastical

For every Skin, Arc. used in any D spenfath n to hold two Bene-ficey, dec. 40 s. t For every Skin, Arc. used in toy Drawback, of Customt, Ac,

8d.j

For every Piece, Arc, used in any Bill of Lading for Esportatior, 4d.

Probates of the

Will*, Arc. of common Seamen or Soldiers not chargeable by this Act.

The aforesaid Duties to be under the M^n ge-ment of the Commissioners of the Stamp-oflice.

Commissionert may provide one new Srampto de note the several Du’ies granted by different A£s.

All Vrllum, Arc. liable to the new Duties, shall, before it is tngroflf eJ, Arc.be brought to the Stamp-offi e to be tamped.

G. 66'. Anno decimo nono Georg if JII. A» D. ijjg*

dition^l Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings where the Estate is of, or above, the Value of three hundred Pounds, over and above all other Duties now charged thereon:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written the Copy of any Will, an additional Stamp-duty of one Penny: *\

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written any Libel, Allegation, Depofuion, or Inventory, exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty, and Cinque Ports, and all Copies thereof, an additional Stamp-duty of Six-pence:

Court, Ate. 6d.;

j

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Covenant for levying Fines £hafl he ingrossed or written, an additional, Stamp-duty of five Shillings;

levying Fines, 5 s.:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Entry for suffering a common Recovery shall be ingrossed or written, an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

common Recovery, 5 s.: A

For every Skin of Vellum, upon which is ingrossed or written any Exemplification, of what Nature fd-ever, that mall pass the Seal of any Court whatsoever, an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

spafs the Seal of any Court, 5 s.:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any PrefenN ation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal, or upon which any Collation to be made by any ?Archbishop or other Bifoop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, i]ha)l be ingrossed or written, an additional Stamp-duty of forty Shillings; provided such Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, shall be of the yearly Value of teni Pounds, or above, in the King’s Books;

Promotion above a certain Value, 40 s. 1

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Fadulty fr.om the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Matter of the Faculties for the Time being, shall be ingrossed or written, an additional Stamp-duty of forty Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any Part of any Custom’S or Duties, for or in respect of the reshipping or exporting of any Goods or Merchandises, which shall be exported or shipped to be exported from Great Britain, for any Parts beyond the Seas, amadditional St imp-duty of Eight pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, 2ny Note or Bill of Lading, which shall be ligned for any Goods or Merchandises to be exported, an additional Stamp-duty of Four-pence.

II. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge the Probate of any Will, or Let-ttisof Administration, of any common Seaman or Soldier who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's Service, a Certificate being produced from the Captain of the Ship or Vessel, or Captain of the Troop or Company, under whom such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death, and Oath made of the Truth thereof before the proper Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted, which Oath such Judge or Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and for which no Fee or Reward shall be taken.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said additional Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government* Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and Empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to use and provide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to pat in Execution any former Law concerning liamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, oh which several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of the distintft Stamps directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, charged therewith, to cause, if they shall see Occasion, one new Stamp to be provided to denote the said several Duties, and the Duty granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the Heal Office for stamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, pr Paper; and the said Commissioners, y themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them made, by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, (lamp or mark, as this Actdiie&s, any Quantities

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 66. 453

or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Person so bringing the same paying to the Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the feveraf Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Allowance shall be made on Usual Allowance

firefent Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner as by any former Law re- 10 b* m*dc for.

ating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed. prc ftl a,mcn

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps, as the said Commis- Stamps may be sioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in altcrc4 3£d rc*

such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are, by any former Law relating to newe c#

stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons, who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or Mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a Stamp denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment* or Paper, is in like Cases directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any other Act of *Parliament granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles,

Clauses, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the several Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional and new Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said additional and new Duties hereby imposed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Monty by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XII. And whereas, by the several Laws now in Force, in order to prevent his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from being defrauded of any of the Duties charged upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

it is enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings, or other Proceedings, in Courts of Law and Equity,

and all Deeds, Instruments, and Writings whatsoever, charged with the Stamp-duties, shall be in- grossed or written in such Manner as they have been usually accustomed to be written: And whereas,

till the last Stamp-duties were imposed, it was the general Practice to insert in one Skin of Parchment twelve Chancery Sheets, containing ninety Words in each Sheet, or fifteen Common Law Sheets, containing seventy-two Words in each Sheet, and the same has been held a fair and reasonable Quantity to be ingrossed and written in and upon each Skin of Parchment, and that the usual Charge for drawing and ingrossing the same might, upon any Costs to be taxed, be fairly and equitably allowed: And whereas several Persons, in Injury to his Majesty's Revenue of Stamps, insert in one Skin of Parchment the Contents of a greater Quantity of Sheets than the Quantity of Chancery, or Common Law Sheets above specified, and charge their Clients or Employers double or treble the Sum for drawing and in- grossing such Skins, calling the same double and treble Skins, and pretending that they insert twice or three Times as much in Quantity as they are obliged to do; and tint, upon a Taxation, they would be allowed as much as they have charged, reckoning the same by the Number of Sheets, by which Means the Client or Employer, instead of judging of such Charge by the Number of Skins, is liable to be im- posed upon, and the Revenue of Stamps materially injured and diminished be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Attornies, Solicitors, or other Persons, shall make their several Charges, at and after the known and usual Rates, upon their Client or Employer, by the Number of Skins they shall so ingross or write, and not otherwise; and that if any

If any Person shall counterfeit any Seal, Stamp, &c. with intent to defraud his Majesty of his Duties, such Person shall suffer Death as a Felon.

All Powers, Distribution of Penalties, &c prefer! bed by former Stamp acts, to be applied in eci»tion of this Act.

Receiver-general to keep a separate Account of the Duties granted by this Act, and to pay the same into the Exchequer.

Auditor of the Exchequer to keep a separate Account of all Monies arising therefrom. Application thereof.

Preamble; reciting that certain Persons have lately inprolfed more than the usual Quantity in a Skin of Parchment, to the Diminution of the Stamp-duties.

Attornies, &c. to cimec their Clients by me Numberoi Skins they ingross, according to the usual Rates,

454

Double or treble Charge* not payable

but subject the Person making the same to the Forfeitmeofiol.

The above Clause not to extend to the Charge for any Deed, the Whole of which shall not amount

Persons sued for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, may plead the General issue;

*$d recover Treble Cost#.

[Preamble.]

Prixes made by the King’s Ship* to bfe divided between the Captor*,

in the Proportions by his Majesty already ordered, or to be hereafter ordered, by Proclamation.

Admiralty to if-sue Commissions \ to Privateert, on the Owners giving proper Sc* fumy.

Prixes made by such tommissioned Ships to be divided between the Owners and Capto’S, according to ornate Contraft.

C. 67. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person, shall, for the writing or ingrossing one Skin of Parchment only, Charge any Client or Employer for double or treble Skins, or for more than one Skin, making his Charge the Sheet, or in any other Manner than by the Skin, under Pretence of hailing inserted in such one Skin of Parchment a greater Number of Sheets than what they are obliged to do, or thin What is ufua'.ly done, or under any Pretence whatsoever, such Charge shall not be payable by the Client; and further, that every Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person, shall, for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, with Treble Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any Court of Record, by Action 0/ Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Charge to be made for the ingrossing any Deed, the whole Contents of which shall not amount to the Quantity or Number of Sheets to be contained in two Skins, reckoning the Quantity in each Skin according to the Number of Sheets above specified.

to the usual Quantity contained in two Skim.

XIV. And, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued,' molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thine, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintifs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twenty-ninth Day ofjuh, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, was pleased to Order that General Reprisals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the French King; and that as well all his Majesty's Fleets

and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the French King, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any the Territories of the French King, and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions: Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Officers and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vessels having Commissions and Letters of Marque, and for in- ducing all British Seamen who may be in any foreign Service to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty 5 and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandises, which they have taken since the twenty-ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against France, after the same shall have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty hath, by his Proclamation of the sixteenth Day of September last, already ordered and directed, or a* his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowered and appointed, shall, at the Request of any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, giving such Bail and Security as is herein after mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth in the usual Manner one or more Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or, in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing, and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War, or Merchandise, belonging to or possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies, upon the Land, or in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandises whatsoever, with all their Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel, so tube taken by or with such private Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission or Commissions, after final Adjudication as lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid, and not before, shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the everal Persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be

e

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. 455

Kocon&miflio*>ed Ship to hive Sh<re ia any Prize while /he it under Cnmroy* All Hrite Ship* legally condemn* td shall bedeem* ed Briuib-built Ship*.

Afamal'y m*y revoke Commifi OD'ffinng granted to Privateers.

Secretary of the Admiralty to give Nonce of such Revocation to the Owners, &C,j

be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons who shall be intitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice-admiral, Governor, or other Pfcrfbn, commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty,' his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of Rich Prize,’

Ship, or Vessel, Arms* Ammunition, Store* of War, Goods, and Merchandises, and the Persons claiming under*him or them, shall be intitled to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Customs and Duties payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament); any Custom, Statute, or other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall intitle any Ship having a Commission, and which shall receive Orders from, and put herself tinder, the Convoy of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, to share in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Convoy, or by such Ship having a* Commission, whilst the said commissioned Ship shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prize Ships or Vessels which shall be legally condemned, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be considered a* British-built Ships or Vessels, and be deemed and taken as such, and shall be intitled to have and enjoy all and every the same Rights, Liberties) Privileges, and Advantages, in all Respects whatsoever, with British^built Ships or Vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British-built Ships, or Vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the:

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders, in Writing under his ot their Hand or Hands, any Commission or Commissions which hath, have been, or shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who hath, have been, or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, either in pursuance of his Majesty's aforesaid Order in Council, or this present Act.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall, with all convenient Speed after any and every such Commission shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing H> be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners, or Agent or Agents, or Surety or Sureties, or some one or them, of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order of Revocation 5 and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the said Commission at the Expiration of twenty Days from and after such Notice gitfen as aforesaid, or (boner* if Notice shall be actually given in Writing, by the Secretary of the Admiralty, to the Captain or Commander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of thirty Days; and in case fqch Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, or in the Mediterra-neatly at the Expiration of six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America, or the West Indies, at the Expiration of three Months; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the East In-diesy at the Expiration of six Months: And any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners,

Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, of any such Ship or Vessel, whereof such Commission or Commissions, issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in Council, within thirty Days next after the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall cause Notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the Determination of his Majesty in Council touching every such Complaint shall be final.

VII. Provided always, That in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superseded, such Commission shall be deemed and taken to have continued in Force; and all Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong to and be the Property of such Owners and Captors, in.such Manner as the same would have been m case such Order of Revocation had not been made.

‘ deemed to have continued

VIII. Provided also, That no Person shall be liable to be punished for doing, before he shall have re- Pro*ifo. ceived personal Notice of such Order of Revocation,*any Matter or Thing which he might have lawfully done under the Authority of such Commission, in case such Order of Revocation had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before the granting or ifftiing of any Commission in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as have been usual upon the granting or ifltiing of Commissions for private Ships of War; and that, previous to the taking of such Bail and Security, the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security, shall severally make Oath, before the Tudge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or Judge of any Vice-admiralty Court in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, or his Surrogate, or other Person or Persons by such Judge or Surrogate lawfully commissioned, that, at the Time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more Money than the Sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their just Debts; and moreover the Marfoal of the said High Court of Admiralty, or any Vice-admiralty Court in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make diligent Enquiry into, and satisfy himself or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make a Report thereof to the said Juctee, or his Surrogate, before any such Commission shall be granted or issued.

A. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall apply to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the OfRce of Lord High Admiral fox the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowe.ed and appointed, in or-

who may complain thereof to his Majesty in Council,

When any Ordeff of Revocation shall be superseded, Commission shall be in Force.

Bail, &c. to be taken before granting any Commission*

der

All Persons applying fer uny Commission, to f:t Io:th in Writing an cxi& Dc»

456

scription of the Vessel, it* Cargo, Number of Gofis, &c,

Commanders of

commissioned Ships to produce their Commissions to the Col-lcdor, &c, of the CuOomi; who are to examine such Ships j and if found agreeable to the Description, to grant a Certificate thereof.

Penalty on Commander leaving Port without a Certificate, &c.

Penalty on Collector, Customer, &c. for granting a false Certificate.

BrerTfo for af- ' er taining the Tonnage.

V the Commander of a commissioned Ship shall agree with any Person belonging to any Priae taken, for the Aanfom thereof, & c, he shall be deemed a Pirate, and fuffet accordingly.

Offence* oir board Privateers ymniftiable in the same Mannar at on board Ships of War*

Offenders ar-

ttfitdof Clime*

C. 67. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

der to obtain any Commission to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this Act, shall make every such Application in Writing; and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact Description of the Ship* or Vessel for which such Commission is requested, specifying the Burthen of fetch Ship or Vessel, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board the same, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Name* of the principal Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on board the same (all which Particulars shall be inserted in every Commission to be granted or issued in pursuance of this Act); and that every Commander of a private Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commission shall be granted or issued in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher, for the Time being, of his Majesty's Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer or Searcher 5 and the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, insped and examine such Ship or Vessel so as to ascertain the Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and Number and Nature of the Guns on board the same; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to be of such Burthen, and be manned* and armed according to the Tenor of the Description inserted in such Commission as aforesaid, or be of a greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Com* million, then such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shallr and he and they is and are hereby required immediately, upon the Request of the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander; which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance before such private Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail from that Port: And if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any Commission shall have been granted or issued in pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship*or Vessel from such Port of Clearance before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any fachi Port, or proceed upon a Cruize, with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission, or required by this Act, in every such Case the Commission for such Ship or Vessel shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the Commander so offending, being convicted thereof before any Court of Admiralty, shall be imprisoned, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Space of Time as the said Court shall direct, not exceeding one Year for any one Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher* of his Majesty's Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship* or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen and Force specified in the Commission granted to the Commander or Commanders thereof, or of a greater Burthen and Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit his said Office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any* Office in the Customs; and shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered, by any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ in which no Essoin, Protection* Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; andone Moiety of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Corporation for the Relief and Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, for the Use of such Corporation; or where such Forfeitures shall be incurred in any of the Out-ports in which ar Corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the Purposes aforesaid, then a Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees for the Use of the Corporation so established.

XII. Provided al ways. That the Number of Tons so to be certified, be ascertained according to the Rule* laid down by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient. Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for the Security. of all Ships trading to or from tkr fpid Port ^Liverpool.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at any Time or Times any* Commander or Commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, commissioned as aforesaid, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons, of or belonging, to any Neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, for the Ransom of any such Neutral*Ship, or Ships, iVessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, or any Part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements* actually quit, set at Liberty, or discharge, any such Prize, or Prizes, instead of bringing the same into some Pbrt or Pbrt9 belonging to his Majesty's Dominions; that then all and every of the Commander and Commanders of such private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, who shall agree foe any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at Liberty, or discharge, any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, guilty of Piracy, Felony, and Robbery* and he, they* and every of them, being duly convicted thereof before any Court of Admiralty, shall have and fuffier such Pains of Death, Loss of Land, Goods, and Chattels, as Pirates, Felons* and Robbers upon, the Sea* ought to have and fufftr according to the Laws now in being.

XIV. And whereas, in all private Ships of War or Merchant Ships that shall Take out Letters of Marque*

it is expedient, for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships, that all Persons who enter them-u selves on board the (hid Ships should be under proper Regulations, and pay.Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chief Commanders of the said Ships*,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman on board any Privateer or Merchant Ship, having taken Letter of Marque, during the present Hostilities with France* shall be punished* in such Manner as the like Offences are punishable on board his Majesty's Ships of War.

XV. Provided always, That all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable only by a Courtrmauial, shall he confined’on board such Privateer or Merchant Ship carrying Letter of Marque*

ow

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

c. 67* 457

en which such Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive in (ome Port in Great Britain or Ireland, cognisable onJjr

or can meet with such a Number of his Majesty's Ships of War abroad as are sufficient to make a Court- hJ1 Court-m*f

martialand upon Application made, by the Commander of such Privateer or Merchant Ship carrying

Letter of Marque, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office oa

of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, qr the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's

said Ships of War abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or such Commander in

Chief abroad, are hereby authorised and required to call a Court* martial for trying and punishing the said

Offences.

XVI. And whereas good and necessary Laws have been made, and are dill in Force, wtihin several of Privateers fob- his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said Colonies or to the Law*

Plantations any Servant or Slave without the Content of the Owner; or the carrying off from thence any other Person or Persons whomsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his Ticket from thd Secre- colonic*

tary’s Office within such respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under such Penalties and in going into the Forfeitures, as in and by the said several Laws is declared and provided be it therefore further enacted Pons there, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commanders of private Ships of War or Merchant Ships, having Letters of Marque, shall, upon their going into any of those Ports or Harbours, be subject, and they are hereby determined to be subject, to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in and by such Laws made and provided; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And, for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation, or other Determination, of any Prize, judge to ftmfli Ship, or Vessel, Goods or Merchandizes, already taken, or hereafter to be taken, as aforesaid, and for the preparatory lessening the Expences that have been usual in the like cases,9 be it further enacted by the Authority E"®inati®D* aforesaid, That the Judge or Judges of any Court of Admiralty, or other Person or Persons thereto authorised, shall, within the Space of five Days after Request to him or them for that Purpose made, finish the within 5 Days, usual preparatory Examination of the Persons commonly examined in such cases, in order to prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to enquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not; and that the proper Monition to be Monition usual in such Cases shall be issued, by the Person or Persons proper to issue the same, and shall iflbed and e*e-be executed in the usual Manner, by the Person or Persons proper to execute the same, within the Space ented in 3 Day* of three Days after. Request in that Behalf made'i and in ca fe no Claim of such Capture, Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall be duly entered or made in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath, giving twenty Days the^upon be Notice after the Execution of such Monition; or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants* made within a shall not, within five Days, give sufficient Security (to be approved of by such Court of Admiralty) ta limited Time, pay Double Costs to the Captor or Captors of such Ship, Vessel, or Goods, in case the Tame* so claimed or Security gireo shall be adjudged lawful Prize; that then the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon pro- by«eClaimant, during to him or them the said Examinations, pr Copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them,* upon Oath, all Papers and Writings which shall have been found, taken in or with such Capture; or upon Oath Biade that no Papers or Writings wctc found f immediately, and without further Delay, proceed to Sen- the to cnee, cither to discharge and acquit such Capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same as lawful Prize, Sen-"

according as the Case shall appear td him.or them, upon Pefufal of such preparatory Examinations, anft 7end&° also of the other Papers and Wirtings fourid, taken in or with such Capture, if any Papers or Writings if claim be eo-'shall be found} and in case such Claim shall be duly entered or made, and Security given thereupon, ac- tered, and Secu-

cording to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there shall appear no Occasion to examine any given, md

Witnesses other than those who shall be then near to such Court of Admiralty, that then such Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Witnesses to be examined within the Space of ten Days after such Claim &* toX*

made and Security given, and proceed to such Sentence as aforesaid touching such Capture; but in case; had’and mode upon making or entering such Claim, and the Allegation and the Oath thereupon, or the producing such within 10 Day* Papers or Writings as shall have been found or taken in or with such Capture, or upon the said preparatory JfS*11* Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear necessary. according to the Circumstances of doubtful and the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubt, to have an Examination, upon Pleadings given in the Parties per-by the Parties, and admitted by the Judge* of Witnesses that are remote from such Court of Admiralty, »n litigating and such Examination shall be desired, and that it be (till infilled, on Behalf of the Captors, that the said 11

Capture is lawful Prize, and the contrary beftin persisted iivon the Claimants Behalf, that then the said Judge order the'cap. i or Judges shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons to be named by the Parties, and tore to be *p-sppointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the best of their Skill and praised. Knowledge; for which Purpose, the said Judge or Judges shall cause the Goods found on board to be un- th*Go©d* laden, and (an Inventory thereof being hrft taken, if the Judge or Judges shall think necessary, by the to ^S!1?* Marshai of the Admiralty, or his Deputy) shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, with fepa- Ware^fca/axid rate Locks of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, of the an Inventory Naval.Officer, and the Agents or Peribrrs employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the taken thereof $ Party or Parties desiring the same;, and shall, after such Appraisement made, and within the Space off »ponSeen, fourteen Days after the making of such Claim, proceed to take good and sufficient Security, from the {^taten^di-Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in casetfre same, cuimtnti; shall be adjudged lawful Prize;, and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient Security froin the Captors and for CofUti to pay such Cods as the Court shall think proper, in case such Ship shall not be condemned as* lawful! of the Captor*, Prize; and after such Securities duly given, the said Judge or Judges shall make an Interlocutory Order for Or-

tdeafing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same (half e!fare

be actually released or delivered accordingly. Scw-ET

XVIII. And it is hereby, further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Claimantor Claimants Claimant refof-shall refute to give such Security, the Judge or Judges shall cause the Captor or Captors in like Manner to Captor ' -i' \ give 8i*inghch$

® curity,

45s

Judge to make Order for De-Jivety of Prize to Captor.

His Majesty may % ve such further Rule* and Directions to the Couitt of Admiralty, as he

Captures made in America, to be under the j.tmt Gare of the Officer* of the Customt and Captors, till condemned or acquitted there. Upon Condemnation, Prize to be delivered to 7 the Cap tom

Book* and Writings found on board any Prize, how to be disposed of.

Judge, or other Officer in America, &c. guilty of Neglect or Delay in executing his Duty,

forfeits 5001.

with full Cost* of Suit.

Fees of Court on Condemnation of Prices la America, &c.

for.Vessels undec loo Tons, 10L fnralf above 15L Upon Payment of the Fee?, Judges, 6cc. li-, able to the above Penalties for N^gle^or Delay of Duty. r Judgment of the Court may be appealed from.

Appeal to be made within 14 D*0‘ after SerU tc *3 S-cn-r; iff-be given t*' ofecute the

f itC/

Fxrrution of

Sentence not to be fulpcndH theuupon, if the Appellate give £erurity for Vef-ot Value,’

C. 67. Anna cfecimo-nonaCcorgii III. A.D. 1779.

give good* 2nd sufficient Security to pay the said Claimant or Claimants the full Value thereof, according to the Appraisement, in case any such Capture or Captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize; and the said Judge or Judges shall thereupon proceed to make an Interlocutory Order for the releasing aBd delivering the same to the f«iid Captor or Captors, or their Agents.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained' shall be construed to restrain Ms Majesty, Ma Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions to his respective Courts of Admiralty for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

flull judge proper.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of his Majesty Dominions in America, in order to be-proceeded against to Condemnation in any of his Majesty's Vice-ad mi rally: Courts, shall, without breaking Bulks, stay there, and be under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or, where there is no Comptroller, of the Naval Officers of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought, and of the Captors thereof, or their Agents; subject to the Directions of the Court of Vice-admiralty, until the same shall, by final Sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering e£ the same.; and* upon the Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall, in case the same were taken by any private Ship or SJnps commissioned as aforesaid, be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof, or their Agents, to be by them disposedt of as their Goods and Chattels; and in case tb£ same were taken by fcny of his Majesty's Ships.of War, unto such Person or Persons, and to be disposed of and divided as his Majesty by his Proclamation hath already ordered and directed, or his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; shall, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued for those Purposes, order and direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Books, Papers, and Writings, found in any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, shall without Delay be brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against in order to Condemnation; but that such only of the said Books, Papers, and Writings), shall be made use of and translated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the Proctors of the several Parties, Captors or Claimants, or, in case of no Claim, bjp the Captor or Regiller, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship or Vessel, and Cargo thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judge or Judges, or other Officer or Officers, in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing, any of the several Proceedings, Matters, or Things, for, towards, or relating to, condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering, of any such Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the re(pe&rve Times herein-before limited, or as soon as the same, or any of them, ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; all and every such Judge and Judges, and other Officer and Officers, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the otbec Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same irt any of the Courts in or for any of his Majest/s Colonies or Plantations, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within his Kingdom of Great Britain.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid, unto or among all the Judges and Officers of such Court of Admiralty in sny.of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, for, towards, or relating to, the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as aforesaid as lawful Prize, above the Sum of ten Pounds, in case such Prize, Ship, or Vessel, be under the Burthen of one hundred Tons; nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the same be of that or any greater Burthen; and that upon Payment of either of the said vefpeflive Sums, as the Case shall require, to the said Judge or Judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fit, among the Officers of such Court, such Judges and Officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every the several Penal cies hereby imposed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and respective Duties or Offices, in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid, within the respective Times herein for that Purpose limited.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence given in such Court of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the said Court of Admiralty to the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, Appeals in causes of Prizes; such Appeal to be intferposed and received in the like Manner as Ap« pc.ils have been usually interposed and received from the High Court of Admiralty within this Kingdom; so as the same be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and good Security be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal; and answer the Condemnation, and also pay Treble Costs, as shall be awarded, in case the Sentence of such Court of Admiralty be affirmed; any Thing in this Act before contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, That the Execution of any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such Appeal, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Court in which such Sentence shall be given, to restore the Ship, Vessel, Goo^s, or Effects, concerning which such Sentence shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence so appealed from shall be rdversed.

A.D. 1779. Anno, decimo non® Geojksii MI. 0.167. 459

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Person, who was not a Party in the first In (lance of the Person, whow»« Cuufe, shall interpose an Appeal from a'Sentence given in any Admiralty Court, such Person, or his or her Agent, shall at the same Time enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall be null and void. imerpofing

Appeal, it to enter hit Claim at the same Time,

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Appeal shall be interposed In case of AP. from a Sentence given in any Admiralty Court concerning any Ship, Vessel, or Goods and Effects, peal, the judge which have been, or now are, or shall hereafter be seized or taken as Prize, that then and in such Case ay» a* the Judge of such Court of Admiralty shall and may, at the Request, Costs, and Charges, either of the o/the Captor or Captor or Claimant, or of the Claimant only, in Cases where the Privilege is reserved in favour of the cla mant, order Claimant, by any Treaty or Treaties subsisting between his Majesty and foreign Powers, make an Order the Capture to to have such Capture appraised, unless the Parties shall otherwise agree upon the Value thereof, and an bcappraised; Inventory taken, and then take Security for the full Value thereof accordingly; and thereupon cause such and deliver it to Capture to be delivered to the Party giving such Security, in like Manner as is herein-before enacted, not- either Party wnotwithstanding such Appeal: And if there shall be any Difficulty or sufficient Objection to the giving or ^aii cive Secu-taking of Security, the said Judge'shall, at the Request of either of the Parties, order such Goods yTh^hTrof* and tffufts to be entered, landed, and sold by public Auction, under the Care and Custody of the proper in^aVorOh* Officers of the Customs, and under the Direction and Inspection of such Persons as shall be appointed by jedion to taking the Claimants and Captors; and the Monies arising by such Sale shall be deposited in the Bank of England, Security, the or in some Public Securities, and in the Names of such Trustees as the Captors and Claimants shall jointly Jud^ if> appoint, and the Court shall approve, for the Use and Benefit of the Parties who shall be adjudged to be ei^"ifpa^y^" inticled thereto; and if such Security shall be given by the Claimants, then it is hereby also enacted,.that ?he Effcds to be such Judge shall give to such captured Ship or Vessel a Pass, to prevent its being taken again by his Ma- sold by Auction, jesty’s Subjects in its destined Voyage. &c.

Produce of the Sale to be deposited in the Bank, &c.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore said, That no Judge, Register, or Deputy Penalty on every

Register, Martha), or Deputy Marshal, or any other Officer whatsoever, of or belonging to any Court of Rofficer

Admiralty, or Vice-admiralty, in Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plan- b-lon/ing to^ny tations in America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, nor any Person or Persons practising either court of Admits Advocate, Proctor, or otherwise, in any such Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested, directly raity, who shall or indirectly, as Owner, Part-owner, Sharer or Adventurer, in any Private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or be interested ia Vessels of War whatsoever, having any Commission or Commissions as aforesaid; and in case any such Pmauer. Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer, Advocate, or Proctor whatsoever, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid,

such Judge, Register, Deputy Register, or Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer respectively, shall, ' for such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon an Information or Indictment in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace), absolutely forfeit his Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty, or Vice-admiralty, of what Kind or Nature soever such Office or Employment may happen to be, and shall also forfeit and pay, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every such Advocate or Proctor respectively shall, for such last mentioned Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid), be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified, and rendered for ever incapable of practising, either as an Advocate or Proctor, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty where-soever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Register, or Deputy Register, if any Register,

nor any Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty, or Mvflwi, &c. Vice-admiralty, whatsoever, shall either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent belonging to wry or Agents, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, ad or be concerned in any Manner, either as an Advo- £°turt2,a(j cate or Proctor, in any Cause, Matter, or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court proetor therein, or Courts of Admiralty, or Vice-admiralty, to which such Register, Deputy Register, Marftial, or Deputy 9

Marftial, shall then belong; and that every Register, Deputy Register, Marftial, or Deputy Marftial, who shall forfeit shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon an Information or Indict--ment, in Manner aforesaid), shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Register, Deputy Register, Marftial, or Deputy Marftial, in and belonging to the same Court.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Commanders, Capers break-Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, shall break Bulk on board, or embezzle any of imbewling the the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, of or belonging to any Effiea*, to 1for-Prize or Prizes, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier, or others, shall forfeit Treble the feit Treble Va-

Value of all such Money, Jewels, Pla*e, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel, as he or Juej 'they shall embezzle; one Third Part thereof to be to the Use of Greenwich Hospital\ and the other two One-third to Third Paits thereof to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Inform-

ation, in any Court of Record in Great Britain; in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or other two to the

»lftore than one Imparlance, shall be allowed. Prosecutor.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appraisements and Sales of any Appraisements Shi p or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, as shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, and Sales of shall be made by Agents or Persons nominated and appointed, in caual Numbers, by the Flag Officers Pr ^es taken by

*or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Ship's Company, and

others, inritied thereunto; (that is to say). That if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or the A^n'for

;Septa*';on of Ships, as shall take any such Prize or Prizes (or the Majority of such Flag Officers, if more the oit.ce.sand ’than one;, shall nominate and appoint one or more Person or Persons Agent or Agents to feil or appraise Crews conceded

the in the Capture.

2

460 C. 67.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

The abere Clause not to extend to Private er«.

Agents to exhibit and register, within a limited Time, their Letters of At- * tornejr in the Court where the Prize be condemned, on Penalty of 5001.

Registers in *11 Courts of Admiralty to enter all Letters of Attorney delivered to them, by any Agent for Prizes taken by his Majesty's Ships, &c. within 14 Days after Deli veiy;

and to transmit Copies thereof, half yearly, to Ihe Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital {

on Forfeiture of tool*

Agent appointed after Condemnation of Prize, to segiftcrhis Letters of Attorney in like Manoer, Arc.

Register*, on Penalty of 5001. to transmit yearly to the Trra-surer of Greenwich Hopital, Copies of all Letters of Attorney registered in their Courts. Judge »o affix his Seal of Office thereto.

Agents to pay the Evpences thereof.

the same, as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders, or Captain and Commander, intitled thereunto, or the Majority of them (if more than one), shall nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agents to act for them; and all the other Officers, under the Degree of a Captain and Commander, intitled thereto, or the major Part of them, shall also nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agents to act for them; and all the Crews of the several Ships Companies of the Fleet or Squadron, or Ship's Company, and others, intitled thereto, or the major Part of them, shall likewise nominate and appoint the same Number of Persons or Agents to act on their Behalf in such Appraisement or Sale.

XXXII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, xr be construed to alter or make void any Agreement or Agreements made, or to be made, in Writing, between the Owners, Officers, and Seamen, of any private Ships or Vessels of War.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for any Prize or Prizes, taken by any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels of War, or by any Merchant Ship or Ships employed in his Majesty's Service, or having Letters of Marque, or for receiving the Bounty herein after granted, and which Prize or Prizes shall be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other his Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, shall exhibit, and cause to be registered, in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in the respective Courts of Admiralty in America, or in any other his MajestVs Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of six Calendar Months next after Sentence of Condemnation of any Prize shall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in America, or other his Majesty's Dominions, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents, such Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, by him or them who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, oc Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions; in which no Edom, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, and other his Majesty's Dominions, shall, from Time to Time, duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or registered, in one or more Book or Books, to be by him or them kept for that Purpose only, all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken, or to be taken, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills, within fourteen Days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Register or Registers, at his or their respective Offices; which Registry shall contain the Days of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Date of the Condemnation, and of Appeal, if any interposed; and the Remitter or Registers shall, on the twenty-sixth Day of December, and the twenty-fifth Day of June, or within forty Days thereafter, in every Year, transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy or Transcript, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all such Entries as aforesaid within the preceding.Half Year and if such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to make or keep such Entries, or to transmit or deliver such Copies thereof, as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein-before limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill* Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXV. Provided always, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letters or Letter of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of all and every the Court and Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall yearly and every Year, upon the twenty-third Day of October, or within three Calendar Months next after the same, make out and transcribe true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall be so registered in the said Court or Courts, to which the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall affix his and their Seal of Office; and then the said Register and Registers shall transmit the same to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to be there registered, and to be inspected by any Person gratis; the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Tr eafurer of the said Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid: And in case such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney, in Manner aforesaid (if any Ship or Ships in that Time shall (ail from such Port or Place to any Port or Ports in Great Britain), such Register and Registers, so neglecting or refusing,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. 461

shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And, for the more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That true Copies of such Letter and Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts, under Seal, transmitted by the said Register or Registers of the Court and Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations in America? and elsewhere within his Majesty's Dominions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made; and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, shall be admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence, in all his Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes, which have been or shall be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, public Notification, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors aforesaid; that is to say, If the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned in his Majesty's High Court or other Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the Appraisement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, in the London Gazette; and if condemned in any Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, in the Gazette, or some other Newspaper of public Authority, of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned; and if there shall be no Gazette, or such other Newspaper published there, then in some or one of the mod public Newspapers of such Island or Place; and all Persons or Agents publishing, or causing to be published, every such Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher, for the Time being of his Majesty's Customs residing at or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher; and if there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, then such Persons or Agents as aforesaid shall deliver, to the principal Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such principal Officer or Officers, two of the Gazettes or other Newspapers in which such Notifications shall be so inserted and published; and if there shall not be any public Newspapers in any such Island or Place, then such Person or Persons. Agent or Agents, shall give two such Notifications in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or where there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, to such principal Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, aforesaid: ’And every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, and principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of both the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively, and by the first Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively) from such Port or Place to any Port of Great Britain, shall transmit or fend, to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, one of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered; and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said two Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their Custody; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify his or their Place or Places of Abode, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Prize or Prizes to the Captors: And all such Notifications, with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain^ shall be published in the Londm Gazette three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion, of any such Prize or Prizes, shall be paid to any Person or Persons intitled thereto; and all such Notifications, with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion, of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons intitled thereto: After which several and respective Notifications, if any Man’s Shares shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as shall be run from his Majesty's Service, or which shall not be legally demanded within three Yeats, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Agen^, appointed, or to be appointed, for Appraisement or Sale of any Prize or Prizes, taken, or to be taken, from the Enemy, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or for the Distribution of any Bounty-money, shall neglect or refuse to publish, give, or deliver, any Notification herein directed or required to be published, given, or delivered, or shall not publish, give, or deliver, any such Notification, before the Payment of any Part of such Prize or Bounty Money, and within the Times herein respectively limited, or in the

The said Copies, when registered by the said Treasurer, to be deemed Evidence of the Agency of such Perfom.

A?ents to give public Notice of the Time appointed for Payment of the Shares to the Captors}

and shall deliver to the Collector, fire, of the Customs two of the Newspapers, tcc, in which such Notification Hull be inserted;

who ftjill subscribe the same, and transmit one of them to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, to be there registered.

Notifications relating to Prizcs condemned in Great Britain to be published in the London Gazette, three Days before any Share shall be pr-id, &c Mi ires of Run Mrn. anlof such as shall not be demandel within 3 Yt*ra, to be paid to Greenwich Hospital.

Any Agent for Appraisement or Sale of Prizes taken determined by hii M -jr-fty’. Ship! of War, Acc. who shall neglect to publifti

462 C. 67.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

And Collector, &c. of the Cuf-tomi neglecting to attest or traof-mie the same, Hull the nalty. Notifications transmitted and attefied as aforesaid, and registered at Greenwich Hospital, Hull be deemed Evidence of the Agency of the Persons therein men doped.

Commissioners of the Navy may purchase, for the King’s Use, Naval Stores on board neutral Ships brought into Port by the King’s Ships or Privateers,

proper Notifies- Manner herein appointed; or shall not specify or set forth# in such Notification, the Matters and Things ti°M before Pay- herein directed to be specified and set forth; every such Person or Agent shall, for every such Offence, for-to^ioo 1. t0tm an^ pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And if any Collector, Cqftomer, or Searcher, of his Majesty's Custotns, or principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive <5r to attest, or shall not transmit or fend, any such Gazette, Newspaper, or written Notification, as aforesaid, in such Manner as is before di/e&ed, every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, Principal Officer Of l be liable to Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of same Pe- one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same Manner as the above renalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Notifications in all such Gazettes* Newspapers, and in Writing respectively, as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand-writing of such Collector, Customer, Searcher, Principal Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from Time to Time, and at all Times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence, in all his Majesty's Courts of Law and Eauity, that the Person or Persons, whose Name or Names is or are therein let forth and specified as the Agent or Agents for the or Agents.

\ may pass the Seas laden with Naval Majesty's Enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, but may also be supplied with Materials to build and fit out Ships of War, to annoy and invade his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas divers Ships of neutral Nations, laden as aforesaid, may be taken and brought into the Ports of Great Britain, and the Purchase of such Naval Stores, laden on board such Ships of neutral Nations, for the Service of his Majesty, may in many Cases be expedient, without proceeding to the Condemnation thereof;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy For the Time being, or their Officers or Agents, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with France, to purchase, on the Account or for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors only, all or any such Naval Stores found on board any such Ships of neutral Nations, which have been, shall or may hereafter be brought into any of the Ports of this Kingdom^ by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or by any private Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels having Commissions or Letters of Marque; and that the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the Time being mall and may permit and suffer such Naval Stores, so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the Ports of this Kingdom; any Thing in an Act of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation^ contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII. And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others.

Act it Car. II. notwithstanding.

Bounty Money payable to the Captors, by the Navy-office, for all Men on board the Enemies Ships taken or destroyed.

Numbers to be ascertained upon Oath;

and a Certificate granted thereof, an! produced to the Commissioners of the Navy, with Copy of Ship's Condemnation; unless the Ship sunk or destroyed.

Dividend to be made according to Proportion settled by Proclamation, &c»

on board his Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers^ to attack, take, and destroy any Ships of Force belonging to the Enemy*/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid, by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fe^ or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, who shall have been actually on board any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer or Privateers, at the taking, or linking, or burning, or otherwise destroying, any Ship or Ships of War belonging to the Enemy, since the twenty-ninth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, five Pounds for every Man who was living on board any Ship or Ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the Attack or Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oaths of three or more of the Chief Officers or Men which were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy, or belonging to any of them, at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, of the Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships, as were sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought; or before the British Consul or Vice-consul redding at any neutral Port to which such Prize, or Officers or Men, shall be brought; which Oaths the said Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, of any such Port, or Consul or Vice-consul, are hereby respectivelyim powered and required to administer, and shall forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, without Fee or Reward, directed to the Commissioners of the Navy; upon producing which Certificate to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, together with an authentic Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation of such Ship so taken; or where such Certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, whereby the Number of Men on board such Ships of the Enemy shall appear to have been proved; or if such Ship be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, or Consul or Vice-Consul, as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days, make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst, the Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board his Majesty's Stnpsof War, in Manner, Form, and Proportion, as by his Majesty's Proclamation for granting the Distribution of Prizes, already issued or to be issued for that Purpose, is or shall be directed and appemted; and amongst the Owners, Officers, and Seamen, of any private Ship or Vessel of War, in such Manner and

A.D. 1779. Anno dccirao nono Georgii III. c. 67. 463

Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing, they stall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be

ciire&ed.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, That in all Cases where such Oath and Certificate cannot be administered Whew such and granted at the first Port whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as have been, or shall 0»th md Certt-be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, such Oath or Oaths, relating to any Prize ficaj* c,m£*1be or Prizea that shall be taken, or to any. Ships of his Majesty's Enemies that shall be sunk, burnt, or other- S!e firiTport wife destroyed, as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and before the Mayor, or other the same may be Chief Magistrate, of any Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions, or by or before the British Consul, done at any or Vice*consul, residing at any neutral Port whereunto any Prize or Prizes, or Officers or Men of any Ships other Port 5 belonging to his Majesty's Enemies as have been, or shall be, taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed,

shall at any Time afterwards be brought (Proof being first made, by Affidavit before such Person or rer- Proof being fooa, of the Inability of making such Oath or Oaths, and obtaining such Certificate, at the said first Port); m»de©f such ln-and the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice-consul, shall thereupon grant such Certificate ability at th§first and Certificates as are herein-before directed; which Certificate and Certificates shall be good and efiec- certificate tual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were granted by the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, ramed there-Cooful or Viqe-consul, of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, Officers or Men, as aforesaid, shall be upon to be T4lid; first brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Pritetwhtch Goods therein, shall appear, and be proved, in any Court of Admiralty, to have belonged to any of his had been takes Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining and from hU Majes-wminuing under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, which were before taken or surprised by any of |J RebeliSoTo bts Majesty's Enemies, and at any Time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his Majesty's Ene- be restored to wiei by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any private Man of War, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, un- them, dor hia Majest/s Protection and Obedience; that then such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof, as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects, shall in all Cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by Decree of the said Court of Admiralty, accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, he or they paying, for and in Lieu of Salvage, one-eighth on Payment of Part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, respectively so to be restored; which Sal- 1-8th Part of the va$c, if retaken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, shall be answered and Value thereof paid to the Captains, Officers, and Seamen, in his Majesty's said Ship or Ships or War, to be divided in such Manner as before in this Act is directed touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, but if4ny such Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by any of his Majesty's Ships ship bad been Of War; and if such Shipforetaken by any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or by any private Man of used by the Bne-War, shall appear to have been, after the taking by the Enemy, by them set forth as a Man of War, the M *? ®f former Owners and Proprietors, to whom the same shall be restored, shall be adjudged to pay, and shall ^v»ioe to pay, for Salvage, the full Moiety of the true Value of the said Ship so taken and restored without Deduc- be paid on re* tion* as aforesaid; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. ftonngthereof,

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bill or Bills, to be made out for Bill* for Bounty the Bouoty hereby granted to the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, of his Money to be MajoAy’s Ships of War, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying, any Ships of War, or Pri- P*5dt0 vateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised and appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, captor*.

Ships Companies or Ship’s Company, and others, intitled thereunto, in like Manner as herein-before is Shire* not de-dtre&rd for the nominating and appointing Agents for Appraisements and Sales to be made as aforesaid; minded within 3 the same to be distributed and divided, by the said Person or Persons so authorised and appointed, amongst Vein, to be. paid the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion, as aforesaid; the several Shares of which Captors, if not hSS"*

legally demanded within three Years after public Notification, and also of such as shall run from his Ma- Bounty Money jdty’s Service, shall be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and that the Bill or Bills to be made out to Privateer*, to for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers, for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying, any be divided Ships of War, or Privateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such agreed among Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen, themfelTC*

0/ such Privateer or Privateers, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, the same, or the major Part of them, to be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as afore&UL

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel, or any ship* or Mer-Goods or Merchandise, shall be taken or retaken, or restored, without being first brought to Adjudica- chandise taken tion, by any Privateer, through Consent, or clandestinely, or determined by Collusion or Connivance, the Ship and pyriTa°tV>n 1 Vessel, and Goods and Merchandises, so taken or retaken, or restored, and also the Ship’s Tackle, Furni- forfeited to hi* Cute, Apparel, and Ammunition, of such Privateer, stall, upon Proof thereof to be made in any Court of Majesty, with Admiralty, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to his Majesty; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Bond; the Use of his Majesty, his Hetra and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who °ne Moiety to shall discover and sue for the same; and the Bond given by the Captain of such Privateer shall be, and is here- otherto the Pro-by adjudged to be, forfeited to.his Majesty: And in case any such Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchan- fecutors difes as aforesaid, stall be taken, or so retaken or restored, by any Man of War, through Consent, clan- and if <0 taken deftiaely, or by Collusion or Connivance of the Commander or Captain, such Commander or Captain by aKing’*

shall forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and ?h,lp, tthfc Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who stall discover and sue for the same; to be or Cl

recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin^ Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such Captain, or Officer, stall forfeit his Command and Employment, and shall be, and is

464 C. 67.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

and be suspended

hereby disabled and made incapable of any Office or Employment under his Majesty, during the Space of seven Years; and the said Goods and Merchandises, and the Ship, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Guns, and Ammunition, so taken by Collusion, shall be, and is hereby directed to be adjudged, in all Courts of Admiralty, as good Prize and Forfeiture to his Majesty.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in his Majesty's Service, who shall run away, or withdraw him or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of his Majesty's Enemies, or otherwise from his Majesty's Service, before qr after Notification shall be given, by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have, or be intitled to have or claim, any Interest in, or Benefit of, the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money aforesaid, or any Part thereof; but such Share and Shares of such Prize and Prizes, and Bounty Money, shall go and bepaid to the Use of Greenwich Hspital.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall or do run away, or withdraw him or themselves, from any such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, after Notification given as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and lose such Part of his and their Share and Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, and Bounty Money, as shall be remaining in the said Agent or Agents Hands, at the Time of his and their running away, or withdrawing him or themselves; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Agei>t and Agents, and others, who shall fell, or otherwise dispose of, any Prize or Prizes, so to be taken as aforesaid from any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes made in pursuance of such public Notification as aforesaid, make out, and transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as he shall for that Purpose depute or appoint, a true State and Account in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors, as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respectively paid; and also that all and every Person and Persons, authorised and appointed by this present Act to receive Bills for the Bounty hereby granted, shall, within the like Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day appointed for the first Payment or Distribution of such Bills for the Bounty as aforesaid, in like Manner make out, and transmit or deliver to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, a true State and Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of the Payment and Distribution of such Bills: And further, that all and every Person and Persons, Agents and others, who, by virtue of this Act, shall sell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes, which already have been, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be taken from the said Enemy, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or who shall leceive or dispose of any Bill or Bills for Bounty, such Person and Persons, Agents and others, so felling and disposing thereof, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Term of T hree Years limited by this Act, make out an exact Account in Writing of the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, Bill and Bills for Bounty; at also of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a true and just Account, upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authorised, in Writing under his Hand and Seal (which Oath the said Treasurer of the said Hospital, and his sufficient Deputy and Deputies, authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), of all Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in such Agent or Agents or Persons Custody, Power, or Possession; and shall at the same Time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts, so attested upon Oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands, as aforesaid, taking from the said Treasurer, or his proper Deputy or Agent, his or their Acquittance or Acquittances for the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to transmit or deliver all or

any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of ttoe said Hospital, or his said Deputy or Agent, within the Time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as is herein-before mentioned; or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall remain in his or their Hand or Hands, Power, Custody or Possession, after the Term of three Years, to be accounted as aforesaid; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above the Moaey then in such Agents Hands 5 One-third Part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two-thirds to the said Royal Hospital; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion, or Deceit, shall be wittingly or willingly made, uftd, committed, permitted, or done, or suffered, in making, stating, or balancing, any such Accounts, then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, over and above the Penalties and Punishments in-therein to foil'd t flifted by this Act, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; One-third Part whereof to be to the Use of his Ma-100». extra. jesty, and one other Third to the Use of the said Hospital, and the other Third to the Informer who shall

King one to4c *uc lgr the ^amc > to covered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

3 wy

for 7 Yean, and the Ship and Goods taken forfeited.

Ron Men forfeit their Share of Prize and Bounty Money;

which is to be paid over to Greenwich Hof-piul;

and if they run, after Notification, to lose what then remains of their Shire in the Agents Hands.

Agents, within 1 Months after the Day appointed for first Payment, to trtmf-mit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital an Account of the Produce of such Prize,

and Payment of Shares; and also traaf-xnit a like Account of the Bounty* money;

and, within 3 Years after, to make out on Gath, and transmit a like Account of the Produce and Pay. menu of such Prizes and Bounty-money, and of all Sums then remaining in their Hands, which are to be paid over at the same Time to the Treasurer of said Hospital.

Agents neglecting to render such Accounts and Payments, to forfeit ico 1. over and above the Money then in their Hands; One-third to the King, and the test to the Hospital.

If there appear any Fraud or Collusion in such Accounts, Persona concerned

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. 465

any Court of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes, or Bounty-money, shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, or arrested, by any Person or Persons who shall be made Run from his Majesty's Service, in the Lists to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, who shall be actually on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War at the taking of any Prize or Prizes, unless the Person or Persons so made Run shall, before any Action brought, obtain a Certificate of his or their R or R’s being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his or their Shares of such Prizes and Bounty Monies being discharged by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy who subscribed the said Lifts, and shall produce such Certificate to the said Agent or Agents respectively; and unless the said Agent or Agents, on the producing of such Certificate or Certificates, shall refuse to pay the said Prize or Bounty Money (in case the same be due and payable according to the Directions in his Majesty's Proclamation) within two Months after any such Demand made and such Certificate produced.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, appointed or to be appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Ship’s Company, and others, of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, for the Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills given or granted by virtue of this Act, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, under his or their Hand or Hands, in the London Ga» xette, three Days at lead before the Payment or Distribution of any such Bounty Bill or Bounty Bills, nublic Notification of the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of such Bounty Money; and shall insert, in every such Notification, the Place or Places of his or their Abode.

mention their Places of

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any public Notification hath, during the present Hostilities, been given, or shall be given, before the respective Times herein before mentioned for the giving of Notifications tit Great Britain, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, of the Payment of any Prize or Bounty Money in respect of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, and the particular and precise Day whereon such Payment did or shall commence, and the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of any such Prize of Prizes, or Distribution of any such Bounty Money, was not, or shall not be set forth and specified in such public Notification, the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes, condemned or to be condemned in his Majesty's High Court or other Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or for the Distribution of any such Bounty Money, shall,.'on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes, condemned or to be condemned in any Court or Courts of Admiralty in any other of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America^ or for the Distribution of any such Bounty Money, shall, on or before the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, or for the Distribution of any such Bounty Money, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, respectively give Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, of the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the Shares of such Prize* or Bounty Money respectively, and shall specify in every such Notification, his or their Place or Places of Abode; and all such Notifications shall be published, or;given and delivered, attested and transmitted, by and to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, as the Notifications to be publifced or given are herein-before directed and required to be published, or given and delivered, attested and transmitted.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures given and granted by this Act, shall be applied one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the said Royal Hospital.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Parts of Penalties and Forfeitures, given or to bd given' to the Use of the said Royal Hospital, by this present Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall and may be sued for and recovered in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

LVII. And, for the more speedy bringing of Offenders to Justice, and to prevent the Inconveniences

occasioned by want of frequently holding a Session of Admiralty, for the Trial of Offences committed oq

the High Seas,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, a.Session of Oyer and Terminer'and Gaol Delivery, for the Trial of Offences committed on* tb^High Seas, within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty^ of England, shall be held ttoite, at Least,; in every Year, that is to say, In the several Months of March and Othber in each Year,- at Justice Halim the 0!dnBaiky,' London, except at such Times as the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for the City of London, and County of Middlesex, shall be appointed to be there held;'or in fyeh other Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, as the Lord High Admiral of Great Brhafa, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Timd being, or any tju.ee'or £>ore of them, shall, by any Letter or Order, in Writing under then* Hands; dirtfteil to the Judge of the Hi£h Court of Admiralty in England for the Time being, appoint;

‘ LVIIL And

Hospital, and one to the Pro-fee 0 for.

Agents nor liable to be sued by Run Men in the King*s Service, unless they produce a Certifii cate of their R*« being taken off, and the Agent thereupon refuse to pay the Prize or Bounty Money,

AgenttofKing* Ships for Distribution of Bounty Bills ihal) give 3 Days Notice, in the London Gazette, before the Payment of such Bills; and Hull, in such Notifications, Abode,

If In any poblie Notification already given, or which shall be given, during the present Hostilities, there Bull be omitted the Day on which Payment Hull commence, or the Name and Place of Abode of the Agfcnf, then the said Agent Dial I give a more particular Notification, at the respective Times herein mentioned*

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be applied.

Penalties given to Greenwich Hospital how to be recovered.

A Session of Oyer and Terminer, for trying naval Offences, to be held twice a Year at the Old Bailey*

466

Cora nni (Turner* of Oyer and Terminer, or Justice of Peace* irr powered to take information*, on Oath* of any Piracy, &c. committed \\ithin the Ad-inir*lty Jujif-di&ioa i acd to grant Warrant for Commitment of the Perform accused.

Commissioner* or JusticM may oblige all Persons they shall think nentTary to enter into Re* cognizance to pmfeenta inch O/fondera, Persons refusing to enter into such Recognizuco may be committed*

MarDut of the Admiralty and all PcaceOfEcen* to obey the Orders of the said Com cpiflio nets eqd Justicea.

Continuance of this Act

[Preamble.]

Recital of an Act *2 Geo. II.

CommtfConert may authorise a Person to purchase or accept Ground, and Mefiuagei or Tenements, for building a Court-house }

which shall be conveyed to Trustee*.

C. 68.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That* from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, it shall and may be lawful* not only to and for any one or more of the Commissioner for the Time being named in thq-Commission of Oyer and Ter-miner for the trying of Offence* committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England* hut also to and for anyone or more of the Justices of the Peace fox the Time being of any County, Riding, vision, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England* and they are hereby respectively author rifed and impowered, from Time to Time, to take any Information or Informations* of any Witness or Witnesses, in Writing, upon Oiath» touching any Piracy, Felony* or Robbery, done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals, hath or have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction \ and thereupon (if Ouch Commissioner or Commissioner*, or Justice or Justices of the Pe?ce, respectively, shall fe.e Cause), by any Warrant or Warrants, under his o; their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons, accused in such Information or informations, to be apprehended and committed, to the Gaol of the County or Place, wherein the same Information or Informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due Course of Law.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said Commissioners, or Justices of the Peace* who shall cause any such Person or Persons to be committed as is last mentioned, shall and he or they is or are hereby respectively required, at the same Time, to oblige all and every such other Person or Persone* whom such Commissioner o* Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall judge necessary to prosecute and give Evidence again If the Person or Persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid* to enter into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, in a sufficient Penalty, for his, her, or their appearing at the then next Session of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be held for the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, there to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be committed as aforesaid; and if any Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence as shall be required, he, she, or they, so refuting, shall be committed, by any stich Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, to the Gaol of the County or Place in which the Person so refuting shall be* until the next Sessions of Admiralty shall be held, or such Persons shall enter into such Recognizance as shall be required as aforesaid; which Recognizance or Recognizances, together with the Information or Informations taken touching the Offence or Offences wherewith tbp Person or Persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice 01 Justices of the Peace, before whom the same shall be taken, shall, and they are hereby re-foeftively required to transmit, with all convenient Speed, to the Register for the Time being of the High Court oi Admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the Judge for the Time being of the same Court, and afterwards to be kept among the Records of that Court.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marftial of the Admiralty for the Time being, and his Deputy or Deputies, and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Stewards, Constables, Head boroughs, Tithingmen, Keepers of Graole and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever for keeping of the Peace (as well within Liberties as without), shall, and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorised and required, from Time to Time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all such Precept and Precepts, Warrant and Warrants, and other Order and Orders, as shall at any Time or Times hereaftee be made, directed, issued, or given, to them, or any of them respectively, by one or more of the said Commissioners named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of the Peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, touching any of the Matters or Things herein contained*

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force during the present Hostilities with France, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George thd Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was pasted in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Intituled, An Act for the more easy and fptedo, Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, which said Act hath by Experience been found useful to the inhabitant thereof; but the same is in many Respects defective, and insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas the Place now used as a Court-house by the Commissioners for executing the said Act is very inconvenient for that Purpose, and greatly out of Repair; and no Provision is, made by the said former Act for raiting Money to build, or provide, or put in Kepeir, a proper Court-house, and Offices for executing the Powers of the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Contint of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thiq present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any General Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held after the passing of this Act in Manner as by this Act is directed, it mall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them assembled at such Meeting, to authorpfo one or more Person, or Persons, on their Behalf, to contract for, and purchase, or accept a convenient Piece or Pieces of Ground, and any Messuages or Tenements, in the Hioh-street, in the Parish of Saint Mary* Whitechapel* or in fom* other convenient Place within the Tower Hamlets aforesaid y which said QroundandPJ Tenements^when purchased or accepted, shall be conveyed to Samuel Hawkins% John Baker James ffoydy Richard

Ccufemaktr,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 68, 467

, Daniel Thomas

Cottfemaker, David Wilmat, James Hatch, Leftvrgy James Spatgy John Sherwood^ James Caney,

Martin, Jasper Ciarke% James Bidlake, Laurence Uermott, Charles Beeit James Henley$ John Perryt Page, Charles Millsy John Robinson, Abraham Benee, and William Buckma/lert and the Survivors of them, and their Successors, to be chosen as by this Act is directed, as Trustees for the Purposes herein after mentioned (of which said Trustees one hath been chosen by the Parishioners, or Inhabitants of each of the Parishes, Hamlets, Precincts, and Liberties within the said Tower Hamlets, the Precinct of the Tower vuithin only excepted); and the said Trustees shall be seised thereof, in Trust for the Service and Benefit of the said Hamlets, for the Purposes in this and the said former Act mentioned: And that upon Payment of the Purchase Money, which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Piece or Pieces of Grotfhd and Messuages or Tenements, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners nominated, assigned, and appointed, as by the said former Act is directed, to take Possession of the same 5 and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees herein-before named, and the Survivors of them, and their Successors, for the Purpose of building a Court-house and Offices, and also such other Conveniences as shall by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, be deemed necessary for executing the Business of the Court of Requests for the Tower Hamlets, to which Use the said Buildings shall be applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any one or more of the said Trustees shall die, it shall be lawful for the Parishioners or Inhabitants of the rarish, Hamlet, Precinct, or Liberty, within the said Tower Hamlets (where such Trustee or Trustees was or were resident at the Time that he or they was or were chosen or appointed a Trustee or Trustees), as have a Right to assemble and meet for the Choice of Officers in their respective Vestry, or other Place of Meeting for trans-aSing the public Business of such Pafish, Hamlet, Precinct, or Liberty; and they, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby impowered and required, on the Tuesday next after the Feast of Easter next ensuing the Deteafe of such Trustee or Trustees, to appoint one other Person or Persons resident within such Parish, Hamlet, Precinct, or Liberty, to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of him or them so dying, in whom (together with the surviving Trustees) the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground and Messuages or Tenements so to be purchasird or accepted as aforesaid and all the Buildings and Erections which shall be made or built thereon, shall, by virtue of such Appointment, be vested in Trust, for the Purposbs in this and the said former Act mentioned s and whenever any of the said Trustees shall happen to die, the first or original Number of twenty-two Trustees shall from Time to Time be filled up in Manner as above mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, and Messuages or Tenements, shall be so purchased or accepted as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause to be ouilt, and finished thereon, or provided and fitted up, a convenient Court-house, and such other Buildings and Conveniences, as shall be adjudged requisite by the said Commissioners, at airy General Meeting or Meetings, to be held as by this Act is directed, or by the major Part of them anembled at such Meeting Or Meetings; all which said Ground and Buildings shall from Time to Time be used, maintained, supported, and repaired, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, assembled at any such General Meeting or Meetings for that Purpose, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand fiye hundred Pounds in the Whole, for the purchasifig of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, and Messuages or Tenements, and the ereftlngof such Buildings, or providing and fitting up such Court-house and Office* as above mentioned, by the Grant of one or more Annuity or Annuities, for the Life or Lives Of any Person or Persons, to be charged or chargeable upon the several Sums of Money by this Act raised, or added to the Fees of the said Court, herein after particularly mentioned; which said Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of ten rounds per Centum per Afinumj upon any one Life, for every one hundred Pounds so borrowed or raised, and fb in Proportion for any greater or less Sum \ And they the said Commissioners shall and may, at any such Meeting or Meetings, by an Order or Orders, signed by any seven or more of them (without any Stamp), charge the said additional Sums hereby raised, or added to the said Fees, with the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities accordingly; and from and immediately after the advancing of the Monies for the Purchase, or granting of stich Life Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid* into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treaforers, to be appointed by the Authority of this Act, and the Delivery of such Order or Orders for the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, such Annuity or Annuities shall stand, and be charged and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and payable out of the said Monies, to arise from the said additional Sums by this Act charged upon the said Fees, in such Manner and Form as, by such Order or Orders for Payment thereof, shall be expressed or directed, and the same shall be free from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Annuity or Annuities may be assigned by the Person or Persons intitled to the same, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by In* dorfetoent, upon the Back of the said Order or Orders, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

VI. And, for enabling the said Commissioners to pay and discharge the said Annuity or Annuities/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid, into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by the Authority of this Act, for every Summons which shall be issued out of the said Court, the Sum of Two-pence, and for every Hearing in the said Court, the Sum of one Penny, over and above the Fees received, or to be received, by the Clerks of the said Court, for every such Summons and Hearing respectively, by virtue of, or under the Authority of this or the said former Act; which said additional Sums hereby charged upon the said several Fees, shall from Time to Time be applied in Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities so to be granted or ordered

Ground and Me£ fuagei or Tenements to be rested in Trustees, on Payment of the Purchast Money.

When Trustee* die, others to be chosen in ibtta Room*

ComrinAonert may build a Court-house an* other Conveni-codes }

and may borrow Money by Ao-

Annuities to be charged on the additional Some addodtochcFeest

Annuities aflienable by Indorsement.

Commissioner* enabled to discharge the Annuitits.

a*

468

Additional Sums added to the Fees to ce.ife on the Death of Annuitant*.

Commissioners jnay contrail for the building a Ccurt-house,&c.

Commissioners to order Payment of Annuities, and all Monies 4ue for Building.

Tor recovering Money belonging to Suitors of the Court now in the Hands of Clerks, Ac,

Tonds entered into by the Clerks, and their Sure ics, to be delivered up and cancelled, when the Money in the Hands of the said Clerks is recovered.

Money nnw In the Hands of Clerks, Ace. belonging to the Sui or;, shall (whenrr overtd) be placed out on Govei mnent Security.

I^tlu Suitors demand tueir Money alter it is so

C. 68. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

as above mentioned, and the Arrears thereof, during and until the same shall be fully paid off and discharged.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Death of the Person or Persons, upon whose Life or Lives such Annuity or Annuities shall be granted, and from and after the discharging of such Annuity or Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, the Payment of the said several additional Sums of Money, charged upon the said Fees by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, and each and every of them, shall ccafe and determine, and shall be no longer paid or payable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any General Meting or Meetings, to be held as by this Act is directed, may, and are hereby directed to contract with any Person or Persons for the building and finishing of the said Court-house and other Conveniencies hereby author ifed to be built, and such Contract shall specify the particular Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when such Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be paid or suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and the same shall be executed by seven or more of the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contractine to perform such Works respectively; and, previous to their entering into such Contract, fourteen Days Notice at lead shall be given, in one or more of the public Newspapers, circulated within the Bills of Mortality, expressing the Intention of such Contract, and the Time and Place of Meeting of the Commissioners to receive Proposals for entering into the same.

IX. And for the better regulating the Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, and of the Money which may be expended in the building and finishing the said Court-house and Offices,’ be it further en-a#ed, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall (by Warrant, in Writing under their Hands, directed to such Person or Persons as shall be chosen Treasurer or Treasurers by the Authority of this Act) order or dire# the Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, and also all such Monies as shall be due and payable for the building and finishing of the said Court-house and Offices, to the Person, or Persons in titled to receive the same respectively, as the same shall become due; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, upon Receipt of such Warrant or Warrants, forthwith pay the same out of the Monies which shall be in his or their Hands as aforesaid, by virtue of, or under this Act, and such Warrants, when paid, shall be allowed in Account to such Treasurer or Treasurers, upon the settling or auditing of his or their Accounts with the said Commissioners, in Manner as directed by this Act.

X. And whereas there are in the Hands of the present and former Clerks of the said Court, and of the Representatives of Clerks deceased, divers and considerable Sums of Money, which were paid into the said Court for the Use of the Suitors thereof, but have not yet been called for or claimed by the Persons intitled to receive the same, although the same have been so paid in for the Space of six Years and up- wards: And the said Commissioners oeing desirous that the said Money should belaid out and invested in some Government Security, that the same may be forth-coming to the several Suitors in the said Court, who are intitled thereto, when they shall demand the same respectively be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any General Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, to demand the Monies so in the Hands-of any of the said present or former Clerks of the said Court, and also the said Monies in the Hands of or due from the Representatives of any Clerk of the said Court who is deceased; and if, upon such Demand, the same or the Payment thereof shall be refused, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting, to sue for and recover the same by Action or Actions upon the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by the Authority of this Act; in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the said Treasurer or Treasurers to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to such Treasurer or Treasurers, in the Sum of Money which shall be so demanded of such Defendant or Defendants respectively, for so much had and received, for the Use of the Commissioners of the Court of Requests for the Tower Hamlets; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such Action or Actions, he or they shall be intitled to his or their full Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same by Law as Plaintiffs have for Recovery of Costs in other cases.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment or Recovery of the Monies which shall be sued for, or due from the said Clerks, or from the Representative or Representatives of any deceased Clerk or Clerks, in Manner as aforesaid, the Bond or Bonds which was or were entered into by such Clerk or Clerks, and their respective Sureties, to the said Commissioners, upon his or their being chosen such Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be void and of no Effe#, and shall be delivered up to be cancelled; and such Clerk and Clerks, and the several other Obligors or Sureties in the said Bonds mentioned respectively, shall thereupon be fully and absolutely released and d.scharged from their said respective Bonds or Obligations, and of and from all Claims and Demands by the Suitors, or any other Person whatsoever, for or on Account of the Monies so recovered or paid as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Monies, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby required to lay out and invest the same in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or in some other Government Security, in the Name of any three Persons to be chosen, by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at any such General Meeting, as Trustees for that Purpose; and such three Trustees, and their Successors, to be appointed as by this Act is directed, shall (land and be possessed of the same for the Uses and Pumofes herein after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons intitled to any of the Money so already paid into the said Court upon the Account aforesaid, and which is directed

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

to be laid out and invested in Manner above mentioned, shall at any Time after the passing of this Act demand the same of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, when in Court, the same shall be a Charge upon the said Money so laid out and invested in Manner as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby required to order the Money which shall be so demanded to be paid to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same, immediately after such Demand shall be made, and the same shall thereupon be paid to such Person or Persons accordingly, by the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed or chosen as aforesaid, from any Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands 5 and the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby required to direct so much Stock to be sold, as shall be necessary to replace the same, from Time to Time, as the said Commissioners shall think fit.

XIV. And as to all such Money as shall or may be hereafter paid into the said Court for or on account of the Suitors thereof (and which shall not be claimed and taken out of the said Court, within the Space of six Years after the same shall have been so paid in),' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby, required, at the Expiration of the said six Years next after such Monies shall have been so paid in as aforesaid, to lay out and invest the same from Time to Time in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or some other Government Security, in the Name of any three Persons, to be chosen by the said Commissioners, in Manner as by this Act is directed with respect to the said Monies which have been already paid into the said Court; and their Successors to be in like Manner chosen or appointed as Trustees for that Purpose; and if any Person or Persons intitled to any of the Money which shall be so hereafter paid into the said Court upon the Account aforesaid, and which shall not have been demanded until after the Expiration of such six Years, shall at any Time afterwards demand the same of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, when in Court, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby required to order the Money which shall be so demanded, to be paid to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same, immediately after such Demand shall be made; and the same shall thereupon be paid to such Person or Persons accordingly, by the said Treasurer or Treasurers, from any Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands; and the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby required to direct so much of the Money, so to be laid out and invested after the Expiration of such six Years, to be sold, as shall be necessary -to replace the same, from Time to Time, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, until the Whole thereof shall be so applied and disposed of j any Thing in this or the former Act contained to the contrary noU withstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest and Dividends, as well of the said Money already paid into the said Court, and hereby authorised to be sued for and invested as aforesaid, as of all such other Money as shall or may at any Time hereafter be paid into the said Court upon the Account aforesaid (and which shall be laid out and invested in any Government Security, at any Time after the Expiration of six Years from the Time of paying in the same, as by this Act is directed), or so much thereof as shall remain unclaimed by the said Suitors of the said Court, as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be paid and applied in repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Court-house and Offices hereby authorised to be built as aforesaid, and for insuring the same, and defraying all Taxes, and other Expences attending the Taid>Court-house and Offices, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them* at any General Meeting or Meetings to be held as by this Act is directed, shall from Time to Time judge necessary for those Purposes respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any one or more of the said three Trustees in whom or in whose Name the said Monies shall by the Authority of this Act be laid out and invested respectively as aforesaid, shall happen to die, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any General Meeting to b^field as by this Act is directed, shall, and are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to appoint one other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Room of him or them so dyine; and thereupon such new Trustee or Trustees shall, together with the Survivor or Survivors of the said Trustees first chosen, and their Successors, (land and be possessed of the said Monies, so placed out and invested, upoa the Trusts and for the Purposes above mentioned of and concerning the same; and whenever any one of the said three Trustees shaft happen to die, the first or original Number of Three shall from Time to Time be filled up in Manner as aforesaid,.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, at any General Meeting to be held as aforesaid, or the major Part of them assembled at such Meeting, shall and may, and are hereby required to elect and choose one or more Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers for the Receipt of the said additional Sums of Money, hereby charged upon the several Fees above particularly mentioned, and of all Monies which shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be paid for or on Account of the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, and other the Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall continue in his or their Office* until another shall be chosen in his or their Room.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the said Court shall account to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, once in every Year, or oftener, if they shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, for all the said additional Sums charged upon the said Fees, and for all Monies which shall be so paid into the said Court as aforesaid and shall from Time to Time pay all the said Monies (except the Sum of one hundred Pounds, which shall always be left in the Hands of the said Clerks, to answer the Claims of the said Suitors), and the said additional Sums upon the said Fees, to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, whensoever thay.shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners, at any such General

Pact UL Ppp Meeting

469

Inverted, the Treasurer to pay if, and to fell at much Strck at will replace the same.-

Jf the Money ’ which shall be hereafter paid into Court is not claimed ly the Suitors within six Years after it is paid in, the Commissionera may place it on Government Security:

But if claimed by such Suitor* after the Expiration of six Years, shall be paid to them immediately.

The In'cieft and

Dividends of the Money placed out by the Commissioners shall be applied towards the Reparation, &c. of the Court Louie,

In case the Trustees, in whose Name* the Money shall be plarcd our at Interest, fhdl die, the Commissioners to appoint others.

Commissioneri m*y choalc a Treasurer.

Clerks to account to the Commissioners for additional Sums to the Fers, and for Monies paid into Court by the Suitors.

47°

Commissionento take Security of the Treasurer j

wfiftfliaflicconht for »1) Monica received. &c.

Commissioners to take Cognizance of DebtiforRent under 401,

Ko Person to recover Rent as aforesaid, unless he has been in Possession of the Premises,&c. 12 Months preceding the Time for which such Rent is demanded.

This Act not to prevent any Person from dirt raining for Rent.

If Defendant neglects to appear to the Summons, the Court may pronounce Judgment in his Absence j

and Aall appoint a certain Time for him to shew Cause against such Judgment, &c.

Attornies not exempt from the Jurisdiction of the Court.

C. 68. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, or by any feveri or more of them assembled at any such Meeting or Meetings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners assembled at any such General Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, and fere hereby required to take sufficient Security of such Treasurer or Treasurers so to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, by Bond, or otherwise, to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in any Sun* not less than two thousand Pounds, for the accounting and due Payment, by such Treasurer or Treasurers, of all Monies which shall come toJiis or their Hands, and for the Delivery of all Books, Papers, and Writings, to any succeeding Treasurer or Treasurers; and the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, assembled at any such Meeting, may discharge or remove such Treasurer or Treasurers from his or their said Office: And every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall account annually, or oftener, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting, for all Monies by him or them received and paid, as such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, on fourteen Days previous Notice to be given or left at his or their House or Houses, or most usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose: And the said Treasurer or Treasurers, or his or their Executors or Administrators, shall well and truly pay all such Monies, as shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, in auditing or settling such Accounts, and shall deliver over all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Possession, Custody, or Power, belonging to the said Commissioners, or to the said Office of Treasurer, to any succeeding Treasurer or Treasurers, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas there are great Numbers of Manufacturete and Day-labouring People residing in

the Tower Hamlets, who with their Families occupy Tenements, or Parts of Tenements, let by Parole 1 Demise, and the Expences of recovering of such Rents by Action at Law most commonly exceed the c Amount of the Rent feed for, to the great Injury of the Landlords of such Tenements, and the Op-

pression of such Occupiers for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take Cognizance of any Debt or Demand, under the Value of forty Shillings, for Rent of any Tenement, or Part of a Tenement, within the Tower Hamlets aforesaid, let by Parole Demise (except the Precinct of the Tower within) 3 and also for the said Commissioners to hear and determine on such Debts and Demands, and to award Execution, in the same Manner as they are authorised to do for any other Cause of Actiop, any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always nevertheless. That the said Commissioners shalliiot take Cognizance of any such Demand or Claim for Rent, unless the Person or Persons making such Demand or Claim, or the Person or Persons in whose Right such Demand or Claim shall be made, or under whom he or they shall claim, hath or have been in the actual Possession of the said Tenements, or in the actual Receipt of Rent for the said Tenements, during twelve Months immediately preceding the Time for which such Rent shall be so demanded; and provided also that no Recovery of Rent in the said Court be accepted or given in Evidence in Support of the Title of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or Persons from making Distress for or bringing any Action or Actions for Rent* although the same shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases whatsoever, whenever any Debtor or Defendant, residing within the Jurisdiction of thte said Court, shall have been duly summoned to appear before the Commissioners in the said Court, according to the usual and accustomed Manner of summoiyng Persons for that Purpose, and such Debtor or Defendant shall refuse or neglect to appear to such Summons, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, when assembled in the said Court, upon due Proof being made before them that such Debtor or Defendant was duly summoned in Manner as aforesaid, to proceed to hear the Cause or Matter of Complaint, touching or concerning such Debt or Debts, on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make or pronounce thereon such Order or Orders, pr Judgment or Judgments, in respect of the Debt or Debts demanded or sued for, as to them shall seem just and equitable: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall then fix upon and appoint some certain Time and Place, according to their Discretion, for every such Debtor or Defendant to shew Cause before the Commissioners of the said Court, or any three or more of them, against such Order or Orders, Pr Judgment or Judgments, so made and pronounced upon such Hearing as aforesaid 3 at which Time and Place, or at any other subsequent Court or Courts, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority by this Act (whether such Person or Persons shall appear or shew Cause, or not) upon Proof, on the Oath of one of the Beadles of the said Court (That such Order or Orders, or Judgment or Judgments, or a Copy thereof, had been delivered to such Debtor or Debtors, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Residence, or Abode, or Working), to award Execution thereupon, in like Manner as by the said. former Act they are authorised to do in> other cases: And the Clerks and Beadles of the said Court are, in every such Case, hereby authorised to take and receive the like Fees, for the Call of the Defendant, and making, and serving or leaving of every such Order as aforesaid, as they are authorised and impowered to take and receive for or upon any Attachment, issued by virtue of or under this or the said former Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege shall be allowed to. exempt any Perfoft from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests on account of his being an Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts at Westminster> or of any other. Court whatsoever, but that *11

Attornies

A.D. 1779. ' Annoi d^dmoaona Q^q^qit III;. C. 69. 471

Attornies and Solicitors shall be subject to thp several Pro?efRg, Ordert, Judgments, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Persons are subject to the same by this or the said former Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no General Meeting shall be held Direction» for as aforesaid. for aoy of the Purposes in this or the f^M former Act, without the Order of three or more of holding General the Commissioner.s made upop one/of thq Court-days in the said; former Act mentioned, whilst they shall Meeting*,

be in Court; which said Order shall be in Waiting, 2wd4 shall fppcify the particular Time and Place, and *lfo the Purpose of such General Meeting, and shall be regiftefed i>y the Clerks then present in Court, on one of them, and Notice thereof in Writing, or in Print, shall be delivered to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of, all the said Commissioners respectively, by, the Beadles of the said Court, or by any other Person or Persons the Comnwffioneis requiring such General Meeting shall direct, four Days at least before the holding of each and every such General Meeting respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Victualler, or Person or Persons whomsoever who shall No victualler,

sell Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable off acting as a Commissionef in the Exe- *5: caP-bl^of Cution of this or thp said former Act. SK.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expencea of procuring and passing of this Experce* \>f thii

present Act shall be paid, fati$fiea, and discharged, out of the first Monies which shall be raised as afore* a a how to be said, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act. Paid*

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Thi* Aanotto the Precinct of the Tower within; nor to restrain the ancient Court of Record held for and within the pXte"dA° lfh! Liberty of the T^Werof London, from holding Plea of any personal Action which shall arise within the t^ww within* said Liberty, or to take away^ alter, pr abridge, any Jurisdiction, Authority, Privilege, Immunity, or &c. Exemption, which the Chief Governor of the Tower, or his Deputy pr Deputies, or any Officer or Mi-

nifter or any Inhabitants within the said Liberty, enjoys or enjoy, or pught to'enjoy, by virtue of any taw, Usage, Prescription, Grant* Charter, Coitjmrffion, or otherwise, any Thing herein or in the said re- cited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com- LimitttWatf tnenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or on account of any Action«. Order, Determination, Judgment, or Decree of the said Commissioners, until twenty Days Notice shall be given thereof in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Clerks of the said Court, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tepder thereof hath been made to the Party or Partita aggrieved, or after three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, apd give this Act and the special Matter in Evi* OenerU issue, deuce at any Trial or Trials which shall be hiad thereupon: And if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, pr if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in either of the said cases, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy Double Costs, for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and shall be taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, in Defiance of the several Laws of Customs and Excise already made, and of the

Penalties and Provisions from Time to Time enacted for the Punishment of Offenders against such Laws; and notwithstanding the Grace and Clemency lately offered to Persons who had been guilty of Smuggling Offences, great Quantities of prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and particularly of Tea, foreign Brandy, and other foreign Spirits, continue to be illegally imported into and landed in this Kingdom; and such Goods are run, carried, and conveyed, from the Sea Coasts through the Country, as well by secret Frauds and clandestine Practices as by open Force, and by Gangs of daring and dissolute Persons, armed with offensive Weapons, and aflpeiated and assembled to carry into Execution their evil and pernicious Purposes, in Subversion of all Civil Authority and Power whatsoever: And whereas it is become highly necessary, for the Preservation of the public Revenue, the Protection of the fair Trader,

and the Quiet and good Ord$r of the Kingdom, that foroe further Provisions should be made for the ArterAu,

better preventing such illegal Practices, and for deterring all Persons from committing such Offences, or l7*l\ f?ny so-

from being aiding and amfting the rein;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and reign Spirituous with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia- Liquo* be ment aflfcmjbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Augujiy one imP°'led fr°p thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, where any foreign Brandy or other foreign Spirituous Liquors inaVessel shall be imported or brought into Great Britain^ or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, containing jeV from any Part of Europe, in any Veil'd or Calk which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least (ex- th*n6oGaUont, cepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board the Ship or Vessel in which the the same shall be same shall be imported, not exceeding two Gallons far each Seaman), then not only the said Brandy, and f(?rfe"c.c<» "Jth other foreign Spirituous Liquors, but also the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported, of ^cc ,p> Gun,#

(Eiception.)

472 C. 69. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

whatever Burthen the same may be, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and lost.

After Aug. 1,

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day 1779. when any of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, when any Tea, Coffee, foreign Brandy, or ^therGood!*nc ot^er forc*gn Spirituous Liquors, or any Goods whatsoever, are liable to Forfeiture for being found oil habic to^orfeiu b°ard any Ships or Vessels coming or arriving from foreign Parts, at Anchor, or hovering within the Lime for being mits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within two Leagues of the Coasts thereof, or for having found on board been discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port, contrary to any Act of Parliament now' any Ship coming in Force, the Ship or Vessel, if coming or arriving from any Part of Europe, on board which such Goods p°7 shall be so found, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall b6

Ax. oVhovTnng’ forfeited, provided such Ship or Vessel doth not exceed the Burthen of two hundred Tons.

on the Coasts, the said SI 1 ip, if not above loo Tons, shall be forfeited, with her Guns, &c.

Keeit i of an

III. And whereas by an Act, m>ade in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Act 8 Geo. I, the First, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than four Oars, should be found upon the Water,

or in any Place within the Counties of Middlesexi Surrey, Kent^ or or in the River Thames, either

above or below London Bridge, or within the Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich, or Ipswich, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof,

should be forfeited, and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person iifing or rowing the same, should also forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Pounds; in which Act rt was provided that the said Act should not extend to any Barge or Galley belonging to his Majesty, br any of the Royal Family, or to any Long-boat, YaUl, or Pinnace, belonging to or used in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Vessel, or to any such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, as should bb licensed by the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the major Part of them for the Time being, upon sufficient Security to be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Owner or Owners of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, as in the said Act is directed,

with Condition that the same should not be made use of in the clandestine Running of uncustomed and The r,ij Act so Proki*Bited Goods: And whereas it may be a Means to prevent and discourage the pernicious Practice of far as it relates Smuggling, if the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Restrictions, were extended to such Boats and other to Vessels as are made or built to row, or are found rowing with more than fix Oars, within any other Part

*c. built torow c of this Kingdom \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first with more tbaa Day of Atigufty one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said in Part recited Act, and the several i^ the Count.M Clause$, Penalties, Forfeitures and Restrictions, therein Contained (not altered by this Act), so far as the therein motion- same relate to Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges, or Gallies, rowing, or made or built to row, with ed, shall be ex- more than four Oars, within the Counties and Places in the said Act mentioned, shall extend, and be contended to Boat*, strued to extend, to all Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges, Gallies, or other Vessels whatsoever, rowing, &c. built to row or macje or built to row, with more than fix Oars, which shall be found, either upon the Land or Water, nt Oa^Onany within any Harbour^ Port, or Place whatsoever, in any other Part of Great Britain, or within two League* Part of GreatY of the Coast thereof,* subject nevertheless to the several Exceptions relative thereto as in the said recited Brit*»n. Act is and are particularly provided.

This Act not to

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing, herein contained shall extend, or be

exterd to Com-

strued to extend, to the Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or Vessels employed in the macdm of hi* Transport Service, with respect to foreign Spirituous Liquors put on board them, to be issued by way of r^Tran* ortP* Allowance to the respective Ships Companies, or Troops put on board them.

VdT.1*, &c. 5

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed taextend to Boat* nonot’ow-boats commonly called Tow-boats (used in towing Ships or Vessels), belonging to licensed Pilots within the in the poit of Port and Jurisdiction of the City of Bristol

Win°l*

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ships, Vessels, and Boats, forfeited

forfeited bythU l^ls Act, flaall and may be seized and arrested by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise* Act may be and shall and may be prosecuted, condemned, and recovered, in the same Manner as other Ships and jeized by any of- Vessels are directt d to be prosecuted, condemned, and recovered, by an Act, made in the third Year of Acer of Custom* the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of his Majesty's Revenue of or Excise* Customs y and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the clandestine Run-

When any Ship*, tting of Goods into any Part of his Majestys Dominions \ and that when any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to &c. shall be seized Forfeiture by this Act, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, is after Condemnation is are nor fit for liable to be burnt or destroyed, or to be used in his Majesty's Service, shall be seized by any Officer of his Maj^Ay sSrr- Customs or Excise as forfeited, and the same shall not be thought fit or necessary to be used in his Ma-may’be b.oken jesty’s Service, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, after up and fold. Condemnation, to direct the Hull of every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to be broken up, and the Materials of every such Hull to be sold to the belt Advantage, and the Produce thereof to be divided in the same Manner as the Produce of the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, burnt and In whit Cafit* destroyed, is now directed to be divided; and no Writ of Delivery shall be granted out of the Court of Writs of Deli- Exchequer for any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, so seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise, and granled'o^t^of which by any former Act relating to the Customs or Excise is directed to be burnt or destroyed, or to be ' th^Exchequer used *n his Majesty's Service, and which is hereby liable to be broken up, unless the Officer seizing the far such Ships, same shall delay proceeding to the Trial and Condemnation thereof for the Space of three Terms; and in that Case, not without good Security being given, in double the Value of uich Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to return the same upon Condemnation, in order to be broken up, or used in his Majesty's Service.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6gt

473

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August% one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, in all Cases where the Officers of Customs or Excise shall discover and find on board any Ship or Vessel, coming and arriving from Foreign Parts, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, more than one hundred Pounds Weight of Tea, not being in Ships belonging to or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies \ or more than one hundred Gallons of Foreign Brandy, or of other Foreign Spirituous Liquors, over and above the Quantity of two Gallons for every Seaman then belonging to and on board such Ship er Vessel, and being in Casks under sixty Gallons; the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of three hundred Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful in such Case for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and for all other Persons adline in their Aid and Assistance, and they and each of them is and are hereby authorised to arrest, take, and detain, the said Mailer or other Person so having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel and to carry and convey the Person so taken before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, reading near to the Place where such Ship or Vessel shall then be, or where such Person shall be arrested and taken; and the Person so carried and conveyed shall be obliged to enter into a Recognizance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before such Justice, in the Sum of three hundred Pounds (which Recognizance such Justice is hereby authorised and required to take), with Condition to enter an Appearance in the Courts of Exchequer in England Scotland respectively, within the first four Days of the Term next ensuing such Arrest, to any Information which shall or may be exhibited against him; and such Justice shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to transmit every such Recognizance to the King’s Remembrancer in such of the said respective Courts; and if such Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit such Person to the next County Gaol, there to remain* until he shall enter into such Recognizance.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and for all other Persons ailing in their Aid and Assistance, to arrest, (lop, and detain, all and every Person and Persons who shall be found aiding or sflifting in unftiipping to be hid on Land any Tea, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, or any Goods or Merchandises whatever (Customs and other Duties not being first paid or secured), or which are or may be prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom; and such Officer or Officers, and all Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, shall forthwith carry and convey the said Person or Persons before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Offences shall be committed; and such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they fee Cause, commit such Person or Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same County or Place, to be tried and dealt with as by this Act is herein after directed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August% one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Persons, to the Number of two or more in Company, shall be found passing in any Part of this Kingdom with one or more Horse or Horses, or with any Cart or Carriage, whereon there shall be laden or put more than six Pounds Weight of Tea, or foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, exceeding the Quantity of five Gallons, not having paid the Fcspective Duties by Law charged thereon, and not having an authentic Permit or Permits with the same; and shall carry any offensive Arms or Weapons, or wear any Vizard, Mask, or other Disguise, when passing with such Tea, or foreign Spirituous Liquors, as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and all other Persons acting in their Aid and Assistaoce, to (lop, arrest, and detain, thererson and Persons so passing as aforesaid, in whose Charge, Care, Custody, or Possession, the said Tea, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, or either of them, shall then be found; and the said Officer and Office^, and the Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance* shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to convey the Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; who, if he or they fee Cause, shall commit |fce Offender or Offenders to the next County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, till the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County or Place, to be tried and dealt with as by this Act is herein after directed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, renft, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in due seizing or securing any Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, Chocolate, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, or any other Goods whatsoever which by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise shall or may^be liable to be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of any Ad now in Force; or shall by Force or Violence refeue, or shall cause toberefeued, any of the said Goods, after the same shall have been seized by such Officer or Officers aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour fotodo; or, after such Seizure, shall cut, slave, break; or otherwise destroy or damage any Casks, Vessels, Boxes, or Package, wherein the same respectively shall be contained; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of the Customs and Excise* and for all Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and every the Person and' Persons so offending, and him, her, or them, forthwith to carry and convey before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed' or done; and the Justice or Justices shall, if he or they fee Cause, commit the Person or Persons, so brought before him or them, to the next County Gad, until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same County or Place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this Act is herein after directed.

&£ and carried.before a Justice, who may commit

Penalty of 300l. on the Matter of any Ship coming from abroad having more than IOO Ponndiof Tea on Board (not being an East India Ship) j or more than too Gallons of foreign Spirits (be* Tides two Gallons for each Seaman nn board), being in Casks under 60 Gallons. Officers of Customs or Excise may arrest such Msiteis, &c.

After Aug y, 1779. Ufficus

of C uftoros or Enreife, and their Assistants, may arrest all Persons found aiding in unftiipping un-customed or prohibited Goods; and carry them before a Justice, who may commit them.

Two or more Persons travelling together armed, or in Disguise, with any Horseor Carriage laden with more than six Pounds of Tea, or five Gallons of so- reign Spirits, without aPcrmit, may be arrested by any Officers of Customs or Excite, and carried before a Justice, who may commit them.

Any Person after Aug. 1, 1779, whofhiliobttniH any Officer of Custom or Excite in seizing uncustomed or prohibited Goods j

or shall attempt to refeue the same j

er ftnll damage any Ci»fk% &c, in which such Gnoos shall be contained j may be arrested by the Officers, the Offender.

474

Q. 6

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Officers to enter ifito Recogni-. x»nce to piofe-cute.

Charges of Pro-

fecution to be paid by Receiver-general of Cuf*

toms or Excite.

Persont committed as aforesaid to be tried by the Quarter-Sessions;

*ho, on Conviction,^ all commit the Offender to hard Labour in the House of Correct ion of the County, Sec,

But If such Con* vi£t shall be deemed a proper Person to serve his Majesty by Lane! or Sea, the Justices ft all deliver him over to the pro* per Officer,

If Justices, at the Time of convitting any such Of* fender, shall not be attended by a proper Officer, they may adjourn, and give Notice thereof to Officer, who stall attend >n Person, or by De puty.

Justices may levy s Fine upon Gaoler, &c. for {offering an Escape, or on Pa-rift Officers for making Default in Execution of Warrants, Sic. The Second and Sixth Sections c^f the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion to be read to the Person* delivered as aforesaid, and the Oath tendered to them. Justices to certify that such Persons are adjudged to serve his Majesty, &c.; which Certificate, together with such Men, shall be delivered to the proper Officers, and they stall be thereupon deemed to be inlisted.

An Entry to be made of the

XI. And bcit further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers who (hJl convey any Offender, arrested by the Authority of this Act, before any Justice of the Peace as aforesaidj, shall, in case such Offender shall be committed to the County Gaol as aforesaid, enter into a Recognizance to his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before such Justice, in the Sum of forty Pounds, conditioned to appear at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and to prosecute the Person so committed; and the Commissioners of Customs and Excite respectively are hereby directed and required to order the Charges of such Prosecution to be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs and Excise respectively, arising by any Branch of the Revenue under their respective Management.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall be arrested, detained, and committed, as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, to any County Gaol, there to remain until the next General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices at such Sessions, and they are hereby authorised and required to examine, hear, try, and determine, all and every such Offence and Offences; and if the Person or Persons so committed as aforesaid, shall be duly convicted before them of any Offence against this Act, then, and in every such Case, jt shall: and may be lawful for the said Justices, at such General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, in Lieu of any other Punishment to which such Offender or Offenders might be liable for the same Offence by any former Act, to commit such Person or Persons to hard Labour in the House of Correction of the County, City, Town, or Place, there to remain fora Term not exceeding three Years, nor less than one Year.

XIII. Provided always, That if any Person so convicted shall be approved of by any Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces or Fleet, as an able and proper Person to serve his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at such General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby respectively authorised and re-

Jjuired, in Lieu of any other Punishment to which such Offender may be liable by this or any former Act or the same Offence or Offences, to order and adjudge every such Offender to serve his Majesty as a Soldier or Sailor, and to cause such Man to be delivered over to such Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces or Fleet, such Officer giving a Receipt under his Hand acknowledging what Men are so delivered to him, which Receipt such Officer is hereby required to give; and such Officer may, in case he shall find it necessary, detain such Man in some secure House or Place; and no Person so delivered in pursuance of this Act shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process other than for some criminal Matter.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Justices in their Sessions shall not be attended, at the Time of convicting such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, by some proper Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces or Fleet, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to adjourn them-' (elves to some other convenient Day, and to give such Directions as they shall think proper for securing such Offenders as aforesaid, and to cause Notice to be given to any such Officer of the Day and Place of, such Adjournment; and such Officer is hereby required to attend, or appoint some other Person to attend, the said Justices at such Adjournment, and to receive such Persons as they shall adjudge or order to be so delivered as aforesaid, in case such Officer shall approve of such Person or Persons as able and proper to serve his Majesty In Manner aforesaid.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to impose upon any Gaoler, or Keeper of any House of Correction, or of any Prison, who shall suffer any Person* committed to his Custody in pursuance of this Act, to escape, or upon any Constable, Headborough, Tithingman, or Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default in the Execution of any Warrant, Order, or Precept, to them, or any of them, directed in pursuance of this Act, a Fine not exceeding ten Pounds, and to cause every such Fine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners, and to pay the said Fine to tht Informer or Informers.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, upon such Conviction is aforesaid, and Delivery of such Persons to such Officer or Officers receiving such Persons as aforesaid, shall cause the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion to be read to t|g Person so to be delivered as aforesaid, in the Ptefence of the said Justices; and the said Justices shall tender to every such Person the Oath mentioned in the third Section of the Articles of War; and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to certify under their Hands, that such Person or Persons is or are ordered and adjudged to serve his Majesty, setting forth the Name, Age, Parish, and last Place of Abode, of him or them respectively, if known, and that the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the said Articles of War, or had refuted to take the said Oath; and shall deliver such Certificate, together with such Man or Men, to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and such Man or Men shall thereupon be deemed and taken to be inlisted, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the said Oath according to the said Articles of War; and the said Justices shall also forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Book or Books to be kept by them, or by the Clerks of the Peace of the County or Place, for that Purpose of the Names of the Men so delivered as aforesaid, the Ages, Parishes and Places of their last Abode, if they can be known, and of the Time and Place when and where such Men were delivered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and for what Re-

timent or Company, or Ship, they were so received; and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by the said Justices of the Clerk of the Peace, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmiued into the Office of the Secretary at War, or into the Office of the Commissionters for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

Names, Ages, and Places of Abode, dec. of the Men so delivered, and of the Names of the Officer! who received them, Sc,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo non© Georgii IIr. 0.69* 475

XVII. And, for the more effectually preventing any Frauds or Abuses that may be practised in the Person* adjudged discharging of such Persons/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who to serve hiiMa-shall be ordered and adjudged to serve his Majesty as a Soldier or as a Sailor, by virtue of this Act, and shall have been approved of as aforesaid, shall, on any Account, during the Term of five Years, unless disabled by Acci-disabled within that Time by unavoidable Accident or bodily Infirmity, be discharged from his Majesty's dent, &c.), thdi Service j and any Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces, Marines, or Sea Service, who shall presume, not be discharged knowingly and wilfully, to discharge any Person so raised, levied, and delivered over, as aforesaid, con- ",th,n five trary to this Act, or shall, by false Muster, or Certificate, or in Consideration of a Gratuity of any Kind, or fcreTioavoid°ac-by any other collusive or evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit any such Person to avoid the tual Service, actual Service hereby intended, every such Officer shall, for such Offence, be cashiered. officer* offend-’

XVIII. And, for the better preventing the clandestine Sale and Disposal of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, ins l*«rrein to be c Chocolate, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, whereby the illegal Importation and ctflllcrc

Running of such Goods is greatly encouraged, and that innocent Persons may not unwarily be rendered Afetr Aup liable to Penalties/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the first Day Kuggift?,^roof August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Druggist, Grocer, Chandler, Coffee-house cer, or other Per-Keeper/Chocolate-house Keeper, and all and every other Person or Persons, who shall be a Seller of, or son, who shall fell Dealer in, Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, or of any or either of them, or shall be a Maker or Seller of Cho- Coffee, Tea, or colate, shall cause to be paiQted or written in large legible Characters over the Door of each and every ^"rdicho-Shop, Coffee-house, Chocolate-house, and other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for iate,°0iaiicause the keeping Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, the Words Dealer in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, or Cho- tobepainted over colate, as the Case may be, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every Shop, Coffee- the Door of hi* house, Chocolate-house, or Place, which, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven Sb°P» &J’Ahe. hundred and seventy-nine, shall be so made use of by any such Druggist, Grocer, Chandler, Coffee-house in £0JCC Teeacr Keeper, Chocolate-house Keeper, or any other Person or Persons, who shall be a Seller or Dealer as &c.» on penalty aforesaid respectively, without having the said Words painted or written thereon as aforesaid: And that, of 200l.: from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, all and every And every Im-Importer for Sale, or Dealer in foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or other foreign Strong Waters, porter for Sale, who shall sell the same, either by Wholesale or Retail, shall cause to be painted or written in large legible ^gn SpiHn,ou« Characters, over the outer Door, or in the Front, or in some conspicuous Part of each and every House, Liquor*, shall Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Vault, and other Places by him, her, or them respectively, made cause to bepaint-nfe of for the keeping of foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, the Words Importer e<* over the outer % of, or Dealer in, foreign Spirituous Liquors, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every, such Shop, Warehouse, Fr°o°nt orf,n.-hc Storehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which, from and after the said first Day of August, one thou.- House, &c. the fond seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall be so made use of by any such Importer, Seller, or Dealer re- Wort*‘importer spectively, without having the said Words painted or written as is hereby directed, the Sum of fifty of, or Dealer in, rounds. foreign Spirituou*

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dealer or Dealers in Tea, Pe’

Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, shall buy or procure, or employ any Person to buy for him, her, or pe.

them, or for his, her, or their Use, any Tea, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, of any other Person or naityof iool.oa Persons than of a Dealer in such Commodities, over the Door of whose Shop, Coffee-house, Chocolate- every Dealer in house, and other Place by him, her, or them respectively, made use of for the keeping of Coffee, Tea, Tea, Coffee, Co-Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, shall be painted or written, as aforesaid, the Words Dealer tn Coffee, Tea, Co* coa-nut*, Choco-coa-nuts, ox Chocolate, as the Case shall be, every such Dealer so offending shall forfeit and lose, for every D^iwLToreign such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above all former Penalties; and if any Importer Spirituou* Li-or Dealer in foreign Spirituous Liquors shall buy or procure, or employ any Person to buy for him, her, quor»,re(pcaive-or them, or for his, her, or their Use, any foreign Spirituous Liquors of any other Person than of an ly, who fluiibuy Importer or Dealer, over the Door of whose Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Vault, and other Place, *?y of the said by him, her, or them respectively, made use of for the keeping of foreign Brandy, and other foreign Spiri- 0fny0pcrfo*°fa tuous Liquors, shall be Written or painted, as aforesaid, the Words Importer of, or Dealer in, foreign Spi- not hiving the tituous Liquors; every such Importer or Dealer fb offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum Word* aforesaid of one hundred Pounds, over and above all former Penalties. painted over the

XX. Provided always, That no such Dealer in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, shall be subject DvorofhwShop,

to the said Penalties of one hundred Pounds for or by reason of any Purchase or Transfer of any Tea, Geo. c -

Coffee, or Cocoa-nuts, whilst the same shall remain in the respective Warehouses wherein the same shall e^me"aWd^n

be lodged and put, according to the Directions of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late which neither Majesty King George the First; nor by reason of any Purchase of any Tea, Coffee, or Cocoa-nuts, or the Dealer* in Chocolate, at any Sale or Sales made by the Direction of the East India Company, or of the Commis- Coffee, Tea, €« (toners of Customs or Excise respectively; or at any Sale made of any Tea, Coffee, or Cocoa-nuts, fold

for the Benefit of the Insurers or Proprietors thereof,' and which may be sold free of Duty to defray the Charges of Salvage; nor by reason of any first Purchase of any Prize Teas: Nor shall any such Dealer nor the Dealer* in foreign Spirituous Liquors be subject to the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds by. reason of the Purchase of any foreign Spirituous Liquors, whilst the same remain on board the Ships in which the same were fcaiVbeT^fi* lawfully imported, or on the Qpays upon which they shall have been lawfully landed; nor to the Pur- to the said Pe. chase of any Rum whilst the same remains in any Warehouse wherein the same shall have been put, ac- nahyof icoU cording to the Directions of the Act of the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; nor to the Purchase of any Arrack whilst the same remains in the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; nor to the Purchase of any Prize foreign Spirituous Liquors; nor to the Purchase of any foreign Spirituous Liquors fold for the Be-. nefit of the Insurers or Proprietors thereof, and which may be fold free of Duty to defray the Charges of Salvage; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

476 C. 69. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Prnih* on TV-font, rot having tr* j' proper E'l-tr e* at the Vx* ci so Oflfi r, who fh11 p«mt over the»r Doors, JVc. th* Word* <»fore-sutntioned.

1/ any Person, »et being Tuck I npoitcr or Dealer as a. fore laid, ft ill buy any Tra, Coffi-t, &c. or fore gn Spirituous Liquor* (etc^pt as before

eteepted), of>ny

i son not having the afore-motioned Wrrdi painted ever his D »or, &c. he flui) forfeit 10 1-If the Seller of any Tea, dtc* contrary ro this Act ft .11, within ao Days, and tii 6 for his owo

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any TimeNafrer the said fitft Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than such as lnall have duly made Entry, at the proper Offices of Excise, of the Places by them respectively made use of for keeping of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, or for the keeping of foreign Brandy, or foreign Spirituous Liquors, shall paint or write, or cause to be painted or written, over the Door or in the Fiontot any Place to them respectively belonging, the Words Dealer in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, as the Case shall be, or the Words Importer of, or Dealer in Spirituous Liquors, every Person and Persons respectively offending therein, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, and shall also be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures to which Persons felling of, or dealing in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa nuts, Chocolate, or foreign Spirituous Liquors, without Entry, are now subject unto.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, not being such Importer or Dealer as aforesaid, shall buy or procure, or employ any other to buy for him or her, any T ea, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, Chocolate, foreign Brandy, or any other foreign Spirituous Liquors slave and except at such Sales, and in such Manner as is herein-before provided and excepted), of any other Person or Persons than of such Person or Persons respectively over whose Door, or in the Front, or on some conspicuous Part of whose House, Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, such Words shall be painted or written as aforesaid; every such person so buying, or so procuring or employing any other to buy for him, her, or them, any such Goods as aforesaid, shall, for each Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds; and if the Person or Persons, who shall have fold any Tea, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, to any Dealer therein, or to any other Person or Persons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, within twenty Days next after such Sale, and before any Information has been lodged against him or them for such Offence, discover and inform against the Person or Persons who bought, or who procured or employed any other to buy for him, her, or them, such Tea, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, or Chocolate, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, as aforesaid, every such Person so discovering and informing shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified from all Penalties to which) at the Time of such Information given, he might be liable, for or by reason of such his own Offence.

before any Information has been lodged against him, inform against the Buyer, the said Seller shall be indemnified from all Penal-Ostence.

Recital of an Act 29 Geo. II,

All the Rule*, P*mialt Ci, and Rewards, in the re:itrd Action-lamed, relative to the Surrender, and harb Juring, &c. of the Offender* therein mentioned, are continued by the several A3* rntde for continuing the said recited Act.

All foreign Thread Lace, ion ported after Aug. I, 1779* to be marked at each End of every Piece.

All Person* possessed of foreign Thread Lace rmy, on or before Feb. K, 1780, bring the same 'o rne near-ell Custom homfe, aivt have U marked, on making Oath that the Import Duties were said, 1c.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or difguijed in Deft- ance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and which said Act was to continue in Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Statutes, of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Daj of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; Persons charged with being guilty of Offences in the said Act mentioned and prescribed, toere required to surrender themselves within a Time limited by the said Act, and that on Neglect or Refusal of Surrender, such Persons were to be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of Felony: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Methods and Orders in the said Act directed and prescribed, relative to the apprehending and harbouring the Offenders therein mentioned, or forcaufing such Offenders to surrender, are or were re-enacted and continued by the said several Acts: Now, to put an End to such Doubts,* be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Methods, Orders, Diteftions, Rules, Proclamations, Penalties, Punishments, Rewards, Matters, and Things, provided, ordered, settled, directed, imposed, given, and required, by the said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, relative to the Surrender, proclaiming, apprehending, harbouring, and punishing such Offenders, was, were, and are Continued and re-enacted by the said several Acts made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and in the fourth, eleventh, and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the same may be lawfully exercised, practised, applied, used, and imposed, in regard to all and every Person and Persons that offend, or shall in future offend, against the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his said late Majesty.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all foreign Thread La*e which, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nme, shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall, after the same hath been entered at the Custom-house, and before it shall be discharged by the Officers, and delivered into the Custody of the Importer, or his Agent, be marked or sealed at each End of every Piece, with such Maik or Seal, and by such Officer or Officers, as the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain shall direct and appoint for that Purpose.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, in any Part of this Kingdom, for Sale, any foreign Thread Lace so directed to be marked or sealed as aforesaid, shall, on or before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, bring or cause such Lace to be brought to the Custom-house for the Port nearest to the Place where such Lace shall be, and shall make Proof on Oath before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port (which Oath such Collector and Con.pttoiler, or other Officer, is and are hereby required to administer without Fee or Reward), that the legal Duties due and payable to his Majesty were paid upon the Importation of such Lace, if the same wai imported by him, her, or them, or that such Lace was purchased by such Person or Persons (having Pof-session thereof) in a legal fair Way of Trade, and that he, she, or they, verily believe the legal Duties xlue and payable to his Majesty have been duly paid for the same, mentioning the Time when, and the

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 69. 477

Port where, such Lace was imported, or the Time when, and of whom, such Lace was purchased, as the Case may be, such Lace shall be thereupon, without Fee or Reward, marked or sealed at each End of every Piece with such Mark or Seal, and by such Officer or Officers, as the respective Commissioners of the " Customs in Great Britain, or any three or more of them, shall direct and appoint for that Purpose.

[Persons intend

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Person intending to export any such foreign i.ne, toIcxport Thread Lace which shall have been marked or sealed pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall, before £ Notice Vo such Lace is shipped in order to be exported, give Notice to the proper Officer or Officers, to be appointed J^per Officer, for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, when and where he v

will pack up the same in order to be exported; and the said Commissioners of the Customs are hereby im- who i* to fee powered and required to cause such Officer or Officers to take Care that such Marks or Seals be taken off that from every Piece so intended to be exported, without Fee or Reward; and no Person shall be intitted to "[herwire no° the Drawback allowed upon the Exportation of such Lace, unless he shall have given such Notice as Drawback to be herein-before is directed, and until such Marks or Seals shall be taken off by the proper Officer or Offi- allowed, cers as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of All foreign February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in case any foreign Thread Lace shall be found in any Thread-Lace Shop, Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever, upon Land, within this Kingdom, not being marked or K?n dom^ter sealed, as herein-before is directed, upon both Ends of every whole and entire Piece, or upon one End of Feb.* *1780,not every Remnant of such Lace, the same shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Of- marked as afore* ficer or Officers of the Customs, and shall and may be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the same fcid.fluilbe Manner, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as foreign Thread Lace, clandestinely imported and run forfeited* into this Kingdom, may be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by any Law now in Force.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at Penalty oncoun-any Time forge or counterfeit any Mark or Seal, to resemble any Mark or Seal which shall be provided or forfeiting any used in pursuance of this Act, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any such Mark or Seal upon J£dr in°purfu. any Goods required by this Act to be marked or sealed, or shall fell, or expose to Sale, or have in his, a nec of this a a, her, or their Custody or Possession, any such foreign Thread Lace with a counterfeit Mark or Seal thereon, or on having in knowing the same to be counterfeited} all and every such Offender and Offenders, and his, her, and Possessionany their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred *>reign Thread Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as ^led^th such shall sue and prosecute for the same; and such Offender and Offenders shall also be adjudged to (land in counterfeit, the Pillory, in some public Place, for the Space of two Hours.

XXIX. And whereas, at the same Time that the Laws for securing the Revenues of Customs and Ex- Evcir Person

cife ought to be enforced, for the Sake of the Fair Trader, and the Honour and Dignity of Government, before

it may be proper to pardon such of those who have been heretofore guilty, of such illegal Practices, who foa"?h*vcleca are desirous to make such Atonement for their past Offences, by dedicating themselves to the Service of guilty of any i* their King and Country,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, Offence against before the first Day of June% one thousand seven hundred and, seventy-nine, shall have Sheen guilty of ille- the Lawi of the gal running, loading, unshipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying, any Wool, prohibited Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes, or any foreign Goods liable to the Payment of Duties of Customs or Excise which" Prose-(the same Duties not having been paid or secured), or of aiding or assisting the rein, or shall have been cution has beta armed with Fire-arms, or other offensive Arms or Weapons, in order to be aiding or assisting any such commenced, &c. Offenders as have been guilty of receiving such Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or such foreign Goods as j* indemnified aforesaid, where Duties had not, been paid for or secured, after Seizure from the Officers of the Customs thVcondirionT or Excise, or of any other Act or Matter whatsoever whereby Persons may be deemed and taken to be following\ vide-Runners of foreign Goods and Commodities, within the Intent and Meaning of any Law now in Force; licet, or of hindering, opposing, obstructing, wounding, or beating, any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the Execution of his or their Office or Duty, or of aiding or assisting therein; shall be, and are, by the Authority of this present Act, acquitted, indemnified, released, and discharged, against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and every of them, and all and every other Person and Persons, of and from all and every the said Offences, concerning which no Suit or That, before Information, or Prosecution, shall have been commenced, or Composition made or offered, before the said Sept* '^79# first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, upon the following Terms and Condi- knelled tions; (that is to say,) That he do, before he shall be arrested for the same, and before the twenty-ninth f#r such Offence. Day of September^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, inlist or enter himself with some Com- he enter himself million Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces or Fleet, to serve as a Soldier or Sailor in the Army or Fleet, to, fcrvcM.a So1-and do, for three Years at least, from the Time of such Inlisting or Entry, actually and bona fide fcrvc and dicr or Sailor for *do Duty as such in the said Army or Fleet; and shall also, before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, docfuty^» rich & one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, register his Name, Employment, and usual Place of Abode, and shall also, with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, where he resides, in a Book which is before Sept. 29, hereby directed to be kept by the said Clerk among the Records of the Sessions for the said County, Riding, J?79* register or Division, for this Purpose; and shall sign such Register, signifying that he claims the Benefit of this ^\t^cUrk and that he has inlisted or entered himself with a certain Commission Officer, by the Name of his of the Peace^n*

Majesty's Land Forces or Fleet, as the Case shall be, to serve as a Soldier or Sailor, which Entry shall be fig* such Rein the following Form: gifter.

c A.B. of claims the Benefit of an Act of the nineteenth Year of his Majesty King Form of Entry.

George the Third, and has entered himself with C.D. a Commission Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces

478 C. 69. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

[or Fleet], and has fegiftered his Name in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Peace of this County

(Riding, or Division), this Day of pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.’

Clerk of the Peace to transmit to Commissioners of Customs, &c. an Account of all

For which Entry or Register, there shall be paid the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, one Shilling, and no more; and that the said Clerk of the Peace shall, immediately after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nme, transmit to the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise an exact Account of all the Persons who have, by such Entiy or Register as aforesaid, entitled themselves to claim the Benefit of this Act.

Persons who have registered their Names.

Penalty on Persons claiming the Benefit of this Act, Who A all afterwards be guilty of the like Offences, or who shall desert, &c.

Penalty on Officer suffering such Persons to a«oid aduai Service.

Any Justice, on Complaint made of any Officer for Neglect of Baty, may examine into the foraej

and if there appear reasonable Grounds of Complaint, the Justice shall transmit the Complaint, with the Examinations taken before him, to the Commissioners, &c. who may dismiss the Officer, &c.

No Person pro-fee u ted under this Act, liable to any otlitr Prosecution for

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

limitation of Actiona.

eneral Iffiie*

%kUc Coflsi

XXX. Provided always, That every Person who shall make such Entry, and chwm the Benefit of this present Act as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the like Offences as those herein-before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, released, and discharged, or shall at any Time after desert from the said Service, or, within the said Term of three Years, procure his Discharge therefrom, shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted, not only for or in respect of such new Offence, but shall also be subject and liable to all the same Penalties, Pains, and Forfeitures, as he would have incurred or been subject and liable to, in case this Indemnity had never been given; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided also, That if any Officer of his Majesty's Land Forces or Navy shall, by false Muster or Certificate, or by any other collusive dr evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit such Person or Persons to avoid the actual Service as aforesaid, such Person shall not only lose the Benefit of this Act, but every such Officer shall suffer the Penalty of five hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer of the Customs or Excise shall not use his best Endeavours to.seize any Tea, Coffee, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors liable to Forfeiture, and which it shall be the Duty of such Officer to seize; or to stop* detain, and carry and convey before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, any Person or Persons whom such Officer is hereby authorised to stop, detain, and carry and convey before one or more Justice of Justices of the Peace; that then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice or Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Officer shall make Default in the Performance of his Duty, uport Complaint thereof made to such Justice within three Months after such Default, to examine into the Truth of such Complaint upon the Oath of credible Persons, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised to administer; and if it shall appear to such Justice that there is a reasonable Ground for such Complaint, then such Justice is hereby required to transmit the said Complaint, together wkh the Examinations taken before him thereon, unto the Commissioners of the Customs, if the Officer complained against shall belong to the Customs; and if such Officer shall belong to the Excise, then unto the Commissionfts’of Eiteife; which Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively, art hereby required to make Enquiry, byf such Ways and Means as to them shall seem meet, into the Truth of the said CofnplairU; and in*case they think fit on the* Ground thereof to difmifs the Officer, against whom such Complaint (halhbe made, from his Majesty's Service, then such Officer is hereby made incapable of executing any Office in his Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise for the future: Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be compelled to go above five Miles from the usual Place of his Abode to be examined before any Justice of the Peace upon any Complaint to be made to him as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be prosecuted or punished by any of the Provisions in this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted or punished for the same Offence by any other Act or Acts; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

the same Offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fall Fine$* Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act (not otherwise hereby directed), shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods^ as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, sue for, or di (cover the fame.

XXXV. And it. is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be> sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of, or by colour of, this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Months after the Offence shall be committed; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, for his and their Defence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of the said Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the P’ain-tiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for th& same* as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law*

A.D. 1779.

479

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

-G. 69*

CAP. LXX.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the twelfth Ye^r of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests\ and for other Purposes,

WHEREAS ia and by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First (intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests), it is enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six, no Person

shall be held to Special Bail upon any rrocefs issuing out of any superior Court, where the Cause of

Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, nor out of any inferior Court, where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, or upwards: And whereas the Power of Arrest and Imprisonment, on mesne Process issuing out of such inferior Court, where the Cause of Action does not amount to ten Pounds, is found by Experience to be attended with much Oppression to great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person shall be arrested or held to Special Bail, upon any Process issuing out of any inferior Court, where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards; but that the like Copies of Process shall be served (for the Service of which Process, a Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Six-pence shall be allowed in Costs), and the like Proceedings shall be had thereupon in such inferior Court, in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, as are directed to be had, by the said recited Act, in such inferior Court in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, in all Cases in such inferior Court (having Jurisdiction to the Amount of ten Pounds, or upwards) where the Cause of Action shall amount to ten rounds, or upwards, the like Affidavit shall be made and filed of such Cause of Action, and the like Proceedings shall be bad thereupon, as are directed by the said recited Act to be had, where the Cause of Action amounts to the Sum of forty Shillings, or upwards, in such inferior Court.

in Gaufei of 40 1. or

III. And whereas divers Acts of Parliament have passed for the Recovery of Debts within certain Dif- tridls and Jurisdictions, which may have authorised the Arrest and Imprisonment of Defendants, where the Cause of Action amounts to less than ten Pounds y be it enacted, That so much of such Act or Acts of Parliament as gives such Power shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

ment of Defendant! for less than 101.

IV. And, forasmuch as Persons served with Process issuing out of inferior Courts, where the Debt is under ten Pounds, may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of x the Jurisdiction of such Courts be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where final

Jfudgment shall be obtained, in any Action or Suit in any inferior Court of Record, it shall and may be awful to and for any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit made and filed therein of such Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Effects, and of Execution having issued against the Person or Persons, or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, are not to be Found within the Jurisdiction of such inferior Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorised to take Affidavits, and such superior Court, to cause the Record of the said Judgment to be removed into such superior Court, to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgments obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff, upon every such Execution, shall, and he is hereby authorised to detain the Defendant or Defendants, until the Sum of twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the inferior Court subsequent to the said Judgment, and of the Execution in the superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

into the fupetior Court, and Writs of Execution issued to the Sheriff of any

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven bund/ed and seventy-nine, no Execution shall be flayed or delayed, upon or by any Wiit of Error, or Supersedeas thereon to be sued, for the reversing of any Judgment given, or to be given, in any inferior Court of Record, where the Damages are under ten Pounds, unlcis such Person or Persons, in whole Name or Names such Writ of Error shall be brought, with two sufficient Sureties, such as the Court (wherein such Judgment is or shall be given) shall allow of, shall first, before such Stay made or Supersedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the Party for whom any such Judgment is' or shall be given, by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the same Court, in double the Sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with EftVdl, and also to fa-.tisfy and pay.(if the said Judgment he affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-pros 0) all and singular

[Preamble.]

Recital of an Act xa Gm, It

After July t, 1779, no Person shall be anefted, or held to spetial Bail, upon any Process issuing out of an inferior Court, for left than 101.

Proceedings in inferior Courts, in causes of 10l. or upwards, shall be the same as by the recited Act are ordered upwards.

So much of all Acts for Recovery of Small Debts, as authorises imprison-repealed.

In all Cases where final Judgment shall be obtained in an inferior Court, and Affidavit made thereof in any Court of Record at Westminster, and of Execution having ifiucd against the Person or Efodlr of the Defendant, and that the same cannot be found within the juris-didion of the inferior Court j the Record of such Judgment may be removed County, &c.

Upon what Conditions Execution /ha 1 be flayed upon any Writ of Error, Arc. for reverting Judgment given rn an infVri»T Court, where the Dan a.-es are un.'er ic 1.

480 C. 71. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

No Cause under 101, to be removed into a superior Court, unless the Defendant become bound to pay Debt and CofH if Judgment pass Against him.

the Debt, Damages, and Costs, adjudged or to be adjudged, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for the same delaying of Execution.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Cause, where the Cause. of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, shall be removed or removeable into any superior Court, by any Writ of Habeas Corpus, or otherwise, unless the Defendant, who shall be desirous of removing such Cause, shall enter into the like Recognizance for Payment of the Debt and Costs, in case Judgment shall pass against him.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; &c.*

2,071,854l. 13 j. 8d. 2 q. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 2,000,000l. or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, ori the Credit of the Sinking Fund. All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs. Penalty of undue Preference in point of Registry or Payment. Au- ditor, &c. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, &c. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. Orders may be assigned. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the 4i Land Tax Act of this Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act of this Session, re- lating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the (inking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 2,000,000l.; notwithstanding an Act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Maria. The Sum of 2,763 /. 11. Surplus of the Sinking Fund; and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between Abril 5, 1779, and April 5, 1780, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arahie; shall be applied towards making good the Supply. The Monies arising by the Land Tax, Malt Tax, Lottery Act, Loans (1,500,000l.), further Ix>ans (1,900,000l.), i,coo, oooo/. by the Vote of Cre.- die, 2,763 /. 1 s. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1779, °( the Surplusses of the Sinking Fund,; and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 1779, and April 5, 178c, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; and 2,071,854l. 13l. 8d. 2q. by this Act granted out of the Excesses, &c. composing the Sinking Fund; together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War; and also such Sums of Money as his Majesty shall direct to be applied to the public Service, which shall arise out of the Sale of the Ceded Islands in the West Indies; shall be applied to the Uses following: 4,589,069l. 6 s. id. towards Naval Services; 395,438l. 151. 4 d, for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance; 521,955l. 13l. 5 d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, not provided for in 1778; 6,043,082l. 5 s. 11 d. 3 q. towards maintaining the Land Forces, bfc.; of which 833,911l. 18 s. 6 d for defraying the Charges of 30,346 44 effective Men, (sfc. and 3213 Invalids, for Guards, fcfr. in Great Britain, &c.; 1,103,118l. nr. for Forces and Garrisons in Africa, &c. 5 52,923l. is. 6 d. to make good the Difference of Pay between the British and /rz)ft Eftaoliftiment of Troops serving in America9, 37,20 61. 8 r. 6d. zq. for General and General Staff-officers in Great Britain; 56,074l. ioj. 4d. zq. for five Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for three of the said Battalions at Gibraltar, for the Year 1779; 367,203 /. 44 9r. 10d. for 13,472 Troops of Hejfe Cajfel, &c.; 35,441 /. 19s. 9d. zq. for two Regiments of Hanau% 44 &c.; 17,498l. 3r. 2d. 3 q. for a Regiment of JValdeck, &c. 5 93,947l. 151. 8d. for 4,300 Brunswici- ers, &c.; 39,644/, i4r. 3d. for 1,447 Troops of Brandebourg Anft>ach\ 7,958l. lor. 1 id. zq. to make good a Deficiency for the Troops of Brandebourg Anfpach; 10,630 /. 11s. 9 d. 1 q. for Infantry* iAc. of Anhalt Zerbjl; 48,668l. 3r. 9 d. 1 q. for Provisions for foreign Troops serving in America; 44 27,683l. 14r. for defraying the Charge of Artillery for foreign Troops, for 1779; 610,882l. 5l. forde- fraying the Charge of the Militia in South Britain, and three Regiments of Fencibles in North Britain^ 44 for 1779; 85,760l. 17s. 2d. for defraying the Charge of Clothing for Militia in South Britain, for 44 17795 5,421 / 18 s. 6 d for defraying the Charge of additional Companies to Militia in South Britain, for 1778^ 2,656/, 4s. for defraying the Charge of Clothing for additional Companies of Militia in South Britain for 1778; 259,713l. 3s. 4d. for Augmentations of his Majesty's Forces, for 1779; 44 87,703l. 8s. 4d. to the reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines; 628l. zs. 11 d. to the two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, &7.; 103,127l. 14s. 2d. to the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital; 63,195 /. Hi. ioi for completing the whole Charge of the Pay of one Regiment of Light Dragoons,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 72. 481

and six Regiments of Foot, serving in America, for 1779; *9*584l. for Regiment of * Fencibles, to be raised in North Britain, for 17795 6,246l. 5 s. 6 d. to make good the Charge of form*

ing three Regiments of Light Dragoons, of 411 Men each, &c. 4,113l. 6s. Sd. for Augmentation to a Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants, from May 25, to Z)*r. 24, 1779; 2,026,127l. j. 4^. 2y.

for Extraordinaries of Land Forces, from Jan. 31, 1778, to Feb. 1, 1779; 1,500,00c/. for discharging Exchequer Bills of last Session 5 i ,000,000 A for paying off the Exchequer Bills of last Session; 500,000l.

for paying off the other Exchequer Bills of last Session; 32,968l. 2j. $ d. to make good to his Majesty the like Sum issued in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons; 3,150l. for the Civil Efta- blishment of the Island of St. John; 2,900l. for the Civil Establishment of Georgia; 4,796l. 10 5. 5 d.

for supporting the Civil Establishment of AW* Sr*/;*; 4,050l. for the Civil Establishment of East Flo- r/Ar; 4,900 /. for the Civil Establishment of West Florida; 2,041l. 5 s. for defraying Expences at- tending Surveys in North America; 6,995 / 18 r. 11 d. on account of new Roads, t3c. in the Highlands of Scotland5 60,527l. 35. 6 2l. for Relief of American Civil Officers, &V.; 5,000 A for assisting the 2>- Company 5 5,000l. to James Berkenhout and Thomas Clark, for the Discovery of their Method of dying Scarlet, 13c. 5 13,586 A 17*. to make good to his Majesty the like Sum issued to Duncan Campbell% for the Expence of confining, &c. Convicts on the Thames. 40,540 A 9 s. 4 d. 2 q. to the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency on July 5, 1778, t3c.; 98,891 A 3 j. 8*A to make good the Defi- ciency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted last Session 5 66,744l. 41. 3 d. 3 a. to make good the Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the Year 1778. The said Aids to be applied only to the Uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half-pay. By AS. 18 Geo. III. a 44 Sum not exceeding 90,939l. 15 s. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers. Overplus Monies,

above satisfying said Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, tfr. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall diredh"

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Advantages may arise from further Regulations in the Militia Laws,’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled; So ®nch of An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Geo. III]

Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Relief t^be Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps given to the Fa-therein mentioned), as relates to the Relief to be given to the Families of Substitutes serving in the Militia, i»il»cs of Substi-shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. tote*, repealed.

II. And whereas the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia, when How the FamU 4 embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the Pa- hes of Substi- riflies to which they belong;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Substitute, bVcVmU^arge* whose Family may so become chargeable, shall not serve for the Parish where his Family shall dwell, it shall able, shall be be lawful for the Justice of the Peace, who shall make any Order for the Relief of such Family, at the supported. same Time to direct the Overseers of the Parish for which he shall serve, to reimburse the Money so paid to the Overseer or Overseers who shall have advanced the same, in pursuance of the Order before-mentioned, if such Parish shall be situated within the same County; and if such Parish shall be situated in any other County, the said Justice shall cause the same to be reimbursed in Manner herein after mentioned.

III. Provided always, That no such Allowance shall occasion such Family to be removeable or Fjniiljr of Subcompelled to be sent to any Workhouse or Poorhouse, nor shall such Substitute be thereby deprived of his 1£tto legal Settlement elsewhere, nor of his Right of voting for the Election of Members to serve in Par- workhouse, &c* liament. nor he deprived

of hi* Privilege of voting.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Substitute, whose Family shall be relieved as aforesaid, shall serve for any Parish situate in another County, the Monies advanced by the Overseers of the Parish, Township or Place, where the Family shall dwell, shall be repaid them out of the County Stock by the Treasurer of the County to which the Parish, Township, or Place, shall belong, on producing a Certificate of the Order of the Justice allowing such Relief (which Certificate such Justice is hereby required to grant accordingly); and the Treasurer who shall so repay such Overseer, shall transmit such Certificate, and also an Account of all Monies so repaid by him from Time to Time, quarterly, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, in the Militia whereof such Substitute shall serve; and the Treasurer to whom the same shall have been so transmitted, shall forthwith reimburse the same to the Treasurer from whom the said Account was received; which Account so received and reimbursed, shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace at their next General or Quarter Session which shall be held for such County, Riding, or Place, for their Allowance thereof; and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby required to allow the same accordingly, and forthwith to make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which such Substitute shall serve, to make good the same to the Treasurer of the County, out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Township or Place; and all Payments so made by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Overseer or Overseers, in pursuance of such Order or Orders of such Justice or Justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respe&ixe Accounts, in like Manner as other

Expences

In case the Family of a Substitute become chargeable to hit Parish, and he serve for a Parift* in a different County, then hit Parish shall be reimbursed out of the Stock of the County for which he serves« Account* to be laid before the Quarter Sessiontj who are to order the Overseer of the Parish for which the Substitute serves to make good tho

482 G 7X.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

fame to the County Trea-ft.rer < ut of the Pjrish Ratei. Proviso relating to peculiar Jurisdictions. Captain-lieutenants to be appointed.

Their Rank.

Qualifications of Captain-lieutenants.

Officers who have neg'eftfd to qualify themselves a^reeab’e to Militia Act l8 Geo. III. not liable to the Penalties thereof t

Provided they shall so qualify them (elves on or before the First of Dec. next.

All Militia Officers above the Rank of Lieutenant, to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace, on or before the first of Dec. next, or within six Months after accepting their Commissions, a Description of their Qualifications, dec*

How Lord Lieutenant to proceed respecting the ft Offic*rs who fh«U neglect to deliver in their Qualifications.

Account to be published in the Gazette o‘ the Dates of the new Commissions, &c. and the Names of the Officers whom tries made, and

Expences incurred on account of the Militia are by the Militia Law9 now in being directed to be parted

and allowed. x

V. Provided always, That in all Places having peculiar Jurisdictions, and not contributing to the County, such Account shall be made over to the Treasurer, Receiver, or other public Officer belonging to such peculiar Jurisdiction, to be by him reimbursed, accounted for, and allowed, in Manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties to appoint Captain-Lieutenants to all Regiments or Battalions of Militia to which such Appointment hath not been already made; and that all Captain-lieutenants shall rank with the Officers of his Majesty's other Forces of equal Degree as youngest of their Rank.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future all Persons to be appointed Captain-lieutenants, shall have the same Qualifications as Persons serving as Captains are required to have;

Provided that it shall not be necessary for any Person having acted as Captain-lieutenant before the first lay of July) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to hold any other Qualification than as a Lieutenant.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers of Militia shall have neglected of omitted to deliver in his or their several respective Qualification or Qualifications, agreeable to the Directions of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in th Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Biita*n called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned such Officer or Officers, notwithstanding such Omission or Neglect, shall not be fitbjeft or liable to any of the Penalties imposed by the said recited Act; and all Acts done by them in virtue of their respective Commissions as Officers in the Militia are hereby declared to be valid and of full Effect; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to prevent such Officer or Officers, who shall neglect or omit to deliver in his or their respective Qualification or Qualifications, on or before the first Day of December next, according to the Directions of the Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establip) certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain ether Corps therein mentioned, from being liable to the Penalties imposed by the same for Rich Neglect or Omission.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Officer now holding, or hereafter accepting a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, in the Militia, shall, on or before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or within six Months after having accepted any such Commission in future, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County in the Militia whereof such Officer shall serve, a true Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission as aforesaid, and also a Certificate of his having taken the Oaths required; and the Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith enter and inrol the same, and also shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the said County, a true Copy of every such Lift and Certificate so entered as aforesaid; and the Lieutenant shall (unless just Cause be shewn to the Contrary within the Time by this Act limited), on Receipt thereof, give Notice to the Officer or Officers who shall not have been certified by the Clerk of the Peace to have entered his or their Qualification, that he shall proceed to the Appointment of other fit Persons to serve in the Militia, if proper Persons duly qualified shall offer themselves for such Service, in the Room of such Officers as shall, at the Time or Times above mentioned, have omitted so to deliver in the said Lifts and Certificates respectively; and such Lieutenant shall, and he is hereby required and directed to declare, in the London Gazette, within six Weeks, the Commission of such Officer to be vacant, and shall proceed to such Appointment accordingly: And that, for the better ascertaining the Time of granting any such Commissions, the said Lieutenants shall, from Time to Time, cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, the Dates of the Commission, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Stead they are so commissioned, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War-office; and the said Clerk or Clerks of the Peace shall, on or before the first Day of December in every Year, transmit to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, in order that they may be laid before Parliament, a true Copy of all Entries to be made and inrolled, and also an Account of all Returns so transmitted by him to the said Lieutenants, together with the Dates of the Lid Entries and Returns; and every such Clerk of the Peace being guilty of any Neglect herein, shall he liable to the fagie Penalties as by the Militia Laws now in being are imposed on Clerks of the Peace for any Neglect of Duty.

they succeeL Clerk of the Peace to transmir, annually, to one of the Secretaries of State, to be laid before Parliament, a Copy of ill En-Returns by him tra&lmitted to the Lord Licutetenants, &c. v

Pena!tv on Persons who shill receive Mcneyto serve as Substituter, and shall neglect to appear to be I worn, agreeable to Act 2 Geo. III.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall take and receive of and from any Man ballotted to serve in the said Militia, or of and from any Person employed by him for th it Purpose, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of serving as a Substitute in the Militia, in the Room of such ballotred Man, as aforesaid, and shall afterwards neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing the Militia Man, or before some one Depu’y Lieutenant, in the Manner and according to the Directioni of an Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to explain, amc d% and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raising ami training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England), such Person or Persons so neglecting as aforesaid, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace, or before any Deputy Lieutenants

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4.83

at their said Meeting, shall not only return the Sum so by him taken and received, but shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be paid to the ballotted Man; or to the Poor of the Pari th, at the Discretion of the Justices or Deputy Lieutenants; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay the Sum so by him received, and the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of fourteen Days. Com ,.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Captain, or other commanding offic^of every’ Officer of each Company of Militia, to lay out, in the Manner most advantageous for the Militia Man under Company of Mi? his Command, the Sum of one Guinea, which, oy the said recited Act passed in the second Year of the litia to lay our. Reign of his present Majesty, is directed to be paid to all Militia Men, when the Regiment, Battalion, or to lhc most Ad-Independent Company, to which they belong, is ordered to be embodied, and march out of the County* ManTndc/his and to every Recruit who shall afterwards join the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, giving an Account, command, the within three Months, or as soon as atfired, to the Militia Man so intitled to receive the said Sum of one Guinn to which Guinea, how such Money has been expended. hc entitled,

by Act a Geo. III. on receiving Orders to march out of the County.

XIII. And whereas the Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, in several

Counties, Cities, and Places, where the Militia have been raised, have, in some Instances, proceeded to have'baUoued0 4 chuse by Lot, and to swear in Militia Men and Substitutes for such respective Counties, Cities, and and sworn in

Places, previous to the Times at which the same ought to have been done, pursuant to the Provisions Militia Men be*

*" contained in the Militia Laws now in being;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Pro- sole the Time ceediogs of the said Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby declared J^'Vre hereby valid and effectual, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the reace, are jnd"mntfed7 and beiehy tefpedliviely indemnified for such their Proceedings. their Proceed-

XIV. And whereas, by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in- ingsdedared r tituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being re- vall<1*

lating to the raising and training the Jill litia within that Part of Great Britain called England), it is (amongst Recital of a

other Things) enacted, That in case any Person shall be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, for any CUufeio Militii

Parish, Tithing, or Place, or Parishes, Tithings, or Places, and such Person shall be sworn and inrolled, Afta Geo. llL

or shall provide a fit Person to serve as his Substitute, who shall be sworn and inrolled, the Church- warden or Overseer, or Church wardens or Overseers, of such Parish, Tithing, or Place, shall, within one Month after the 1'irne of such (wearing or inrolling of the Man so chosen by Lot, or of the Substitute respectively, pay to every such Person so chosen by Lot, if the Regiment or Battalion, in which ho or his Substitute shall serve, shall be then embodied, any such Sum of Money, not exceeding five Pounds, as three Deputy Lieutenants, or two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice, or 4‘one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices, in whose Presence such Person shall be chosen by Lor, shall ad- judge to be, as near as may be, one Half of the current Price then paid fora Volunteer in the County or Riding where such Person shall be so chosen by Lot: And whereas by an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to gmend and render more effectual the Laws and iS Geo. III. *- relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to CaP- 59*

ejlab ish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part a/Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned, it is (amongst other Things) enabled, That at any Meeting for any County, City, or Town, whose Militia shall be at that Time on actual Service, it {nail be lawful for any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants of such County, City, or Town, or for any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any one Justice of the Peace of such County, to have and exercise all the Powers conferred by the therein (and herein) recited Act, with respect to the Militia, on any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants Every Church- together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two warden,&c. who Justices of the Peace of any County at large;* now, be it hereby enacted by the Authority afore- *al\*ea"fep°er. {aid, That in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of any Parish, Tithing, or Place, or Parishes, f0a, chof"n Tithings, or Places, shall, after the passing of this Act, refuse or neglect to pay to any Person by Lor, and chosen by Lot as aforesaid, who shall have been sworn and inrolled, or who shall have provided a fit Person sworn, or who to serve as his Substitute, who shall have been sworn and inrolled, within one Month after such Swearing have pro-and-Intolling, such Sum, not exceeding five Pour, ds, as two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieute- such Sum nant and one Justice of the Peace of such County, Riding, City, or Place, shall adjudge to be as near as not exceeding nay be one Half of the current Price then paid for a Volunteer in the County or Riding where such Per- 51. a*shall be son shall be so chosen by Lot, upon his producing to such Churchwarden or Overseer an Order for that adjudged, by the Purpose, under the Hands of two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Deputy Lieute-Peace of such County, Riding, City, or Place, the Militia thereof then being embodied, and in actual nT/Ah/cur-Service; that such Churchwarden or Overseer, so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of ten JCnt Price paid Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwarden or Overseer, fora Volunteer by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, or (on producing Ptace. where such Churchwarden or Overseer shall dwell, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Churchwarden or Overseer; and one Half fljaiWoVwc'lol* of which Sum shall be paid to the Person so chosen by Lot as aforesaid, in Lieu of the Sum ordered to be Application paid to him as aforesaid, and the other Half thereof to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion, to be added thereof, to the common Stock.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act passed in the last So much of the Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating io the raising Militia Atf of. and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations last with t efpeft to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men arrested to be raised in that Part of Great Britain Vf°Lime-

tailed Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned, as relates to the Half-pay of Lieutenants and En- jrn.

fig ns signv fciving in

484

the Militif; &c. repealed.

Persons intitled to Half-pay not

to forfeit it whilst they serve at Lieutenants, &c. in the Militia.

New Oath for Half-pay Officers serving in the Militia.

Half-pay not to be forfeited for serving as Lieutenant, &c. in the Fencible#.

C. 72.' Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

signs serving in the Militia, and the Oath therein directed to be taken by them, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is intitled to Halfpay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-master, or Surgeon, in any Regiment of Militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath now appointed, such Officer shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do swear. That I had not, between the any Place

or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay,

as a reduced in v late Regiment of (or

Allowance as in late Troop of Horse Guards, or

Regiment of Horse reduced), save and except my Pay as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-master,

or Surgeon (as the Case may be)y for serving in a Regiment of Militia/

And the taking of the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is intitled to HaJf-pay shall be deemed or feken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay, during the Time he shall serve as a Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-marter, or Surgeon, in any Regiment of Fencible Men, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath now appointed, such Officer shall take the following Oath:

New Oath for Half-pay Officers serving in the Fencible#.

Serjeants on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital nt 1 s. a Day, seeing appointed to serve in the Tencibles, shall

The Duty of Clerks of Sub-division Meet* ings.

Recital of Part of the Militia Act % Geo. III. relating to Subdivision Meeting*.

Every Person ballotted pursuant to the Militia Laws, at

any Subdivision Ale?ting, shall be inrolled; and every Substitute subs*ribe hi. Consent to serve for three Years.

Recital of a Clause in the Militia Alt k8 Geo. III.

J A- B. do swear. That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of

Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, beside9 my Allowance of Half-pay, as a reduced in late Regiment of (or Allowance as- in

late Troop of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced}, save and

except my Pay as a Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-master, or Surgeon (as the Case may be)> for

serving in a Regiment of Fencible Men/

And the taking of the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, at an Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, and, being appointed to serve in any Corps of Fencible Men, shall and may receive the said Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Corps of Fencible Men; any Law, Usage or Custotn, to the contrary notwithstanding.

receive the said Allowance, together with their Pay in the Fencibles.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, after any Subdivision Meeting hath been appointed, give reasonable Notice in Writing, of the Time and Place appointed for the same, to every Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace who shall be resident within the said Subdivision; and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, if on actual Service, or, if not on actual Service, to the Colonel thereof, an Account of the Days fixed for receiving Lifts, ballotting and swearing in the Men, of such Subdivision; and shall, as soon as the Men are sworn in, likewise transmit to the Commanding Officer or Colonel as aforesaid, a List, specifying the Names, Trades, and usual Places of Abode, of such Men as are sworn, and, if Substitutes, the Names, Trades, and Places of Abode, of the Principals in the Room of whom they were sworn.

XX. And whereas, by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one A Cl of Parliament, the everal Laws now in being relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That, in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Militia has been, or shall be, raised, four Subdivision Meetings shall, on the last Tuesday \t\ May, or on the last Tuesday in October, be appointed for the Purposes of the said Act; and several Directions, Provisions, and Penalties, are contained in the said Act, respecting the ballotting, inrolling, and providing Substitutes, and for other Purposes, to be done at such four Subdivision Meetings: And whereas Subdivision Meetings are likewise, by the said Act, directed to be held, upon seven Days Notice being given, for filling up Vacancies in the Militia,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned; but Doubts have arisen whether the several Powers, Provi- fions, and Penalties, in the said Act contained, can extend to enforce the Orders made at any other Sub- division Meeting than at the four that may be appointed by the General Meetings on the last Tuesday in

May, or on the last: Tuesday in October \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Ballots are directed to be taken by any of the Laws relating to the Militia, every Person chosen pursuant to the said Acts, at any Subdivision Meeting thereby appointed, shall be inrolled, and every Substitute provided shall subscribe his Consent to serve, and shall serve in the said Militia for the Space of three Years, and shall be liable and subject to all the several Directions, Provisions, and Penalties, in the said herein before recited Act of the second of his present Majesty contained, or in any other Act relating to the Militia of this Kingdom.

XXI. And whereas, by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, Power is given to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, upon Certificate from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment,

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 72.

Battalion, or Company, to ballot for other Men to serve in the Militia, where the Time of any Militia- man shall be within four Months of its Expiration, when the Regiment shall be embodied, and at a Dif- tance from Home: And whereas Doubts have arisen how far. the same Power extends when the Regi- 4 meat shall be embodied, and within the County; and it is highly expedient that the said Clause should be explained and made clear, so that no future Doubts may atife thereupon/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the same and like Powers, Directions, and Provisions, given by that Act to the Commanding Officers, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and others, with respect to the ballotting for proper Men to serve in the Militia, in Lieu of others, four Months previous to the Expiration of their Time, when embodied, and at a Distance from Home, shall be, and are hereby continued and given to the Commanding Officers, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and others, to proceed to ballot for such other Men, and to execute the Powers necessary thereto, at any Time within four Months previous to the Expiration of their Time, when the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, shall be within the County, Riding, or Place, to which it belongs, or in any other County, Riding, or Place; and further, that the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, shall have Power to discharge such Number of Men of his Regiment, Battalion, or Company serving the rein, whose Times of Service are within the Time of the Expiration aforesaid, and to receive such other Men, in Lieu thereof, as shall be so ballotted, or inrolled and sworn in as ballotted Men or Substitutes, at any Time within the Term so allowed, whether the Regiment shall be within the County, or absent from Home in any other Part of the Kingdom; and the Time of the Service of such Men so received^ sworn in, and inrolled, shall commence at any Time within the Term allowed as aforesaid, or at the End thereof.

ered to discharge so many of hii Men whose Time of Sendee it near expired, as there are others ballotted as aforesaid to supply their

XXII. And whereas it frequently happens that Persons drawn, by Ballot, to serve in the Militia, ne gleet to appear, agreeable to the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, to be sworn in and inrolled, or to find a Substitute to serve in their Stead, or to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and such Persons so neglecting have not sufficient Effects whereon to levy the said Sum by Distress and Sale, and by the Laws now in being, in case they are apprehended for such Failure or Neelect, can only be pu- nished by three Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, which Punishment is by no Means adequate, when the Militia in which they are drawn to serve are embodied/ be it therefore enacted, for Remedy thereof. That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Person drawn, by Ballot, to serve in any Militia Regiment or Company, shall neglect to appear to be sworn in Or to find a Substitute to serve in his Stead, or to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, or shall not have sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same by Distress and Sale, and be afterwards apprehended, by Warrant from any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, for such Offence, instead of being punished by Commitment to the House of Correction, as aforesaid, his Name shall be entered on the Rolls, and he shall be delivered over to some proper Officer of the Regiment or Company for which he was drawn, and be compelled to serve for the full Term of three Years from the Time of his Apprehension, and be liable to the same Punish-ments for afterwards absconding, deserting, or otherwise, as if he had originally attended, and been duly sworn and inrolled.

XXIII. And whereas, by an Act passed in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws relating to the Militia Forces in

that Part of Great Britain called England, certain Powers were granted to Deputy Lieutenants and Juf- tices to hold Subdivision Meetings, and to order fresh Ballots for the Purpose of filling up Vacancies, in the Cases therein mentioned, giving seven Days Notice of such Meetings 5 and Doubts have arisen to what Cases or Vacancies such Powers extend / be it enacted, That the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices shall, and they are hereby required, in all cases, when a regular Discharge of any Militia Man shall be produced to them, from any Commanding Officer, certifying the Reason of such Discharge, and that such Reason renders such Militia Man unfit for Service, to proceed to confirm the same, and also to cause the Lifts to be amended, and other Persons to be chosen to fill up such Vacancies, in like Manner as in and by the said recited Act, or any other Law now in Force relating to the Militia, is directed and provided.

XXIV. And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen from certain Powers granted by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Tear, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cases therein mentioned\ be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Powers granted to Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, and to Colonels or Commanders of Regiments or Battalions, to discharge Militia Men, and order fresh Ballots, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Militia Men shall have been chosen by Lot, and inrolled to serve, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXV. And whereas, by the Militia Laws now in being, it is enacted, That his Majesty's Lieute-

nant for every County, Riding, and Place, together with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Absence, Removal, or Death, of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three Deputy Lieutenants, shall, for several of the Purposes in the said Act declared, appoint Subdivisions of the said Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, and shall issue out their Orders to the Chief Constable, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several Hundreds, Rapes, ? Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, to require, by Orders under their Hands, the Constable, Tithing-man, Headborough, or other Officer, of each Pa- mb. Tithing, or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divi-4 (ions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Day appointed at the said first General Meeting, fair and true Lifts in Writing of the Names of all the Men

48s

The same Powers given by that Act to Commanding Officers, Deputy Lieutenants, &c. respe&irg ballotting four Months previous to the Expiration of the Time of Service, when the Regiment, &c. shall be ac a Didance from Home, are hereby continued, whether they are in or out of the County. Commanding Officer impow-Places.

If any Person ballotted to serve in the Militia, shall not appear to be sworn in, nor find a Substitute, nor pay 101. &c. but Hull be afterwards apprehended, his Name dull be entered on the Rolls, and he shall be delivered to a proper Officer, and compelled to serve three Years.

Deputy Lieutenant*, &c. on receiving from a Commanding Officer a rernlac Discharge of a rtf Militia Man, &c. are to chulc another in his Stead.

Psrtof 18 C,eoi III. Cap. 14, repealed.

Recital of Part of former Militia Laws relating to the appointing of Subdivisions of Deputy Lieutenants,

486 C. 73, 74. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

usually, and at that Time, dwelling within their respective Parishes, Tithings, and Places, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and for the several other Purposes in the said Act directed: And whereas, for the different Rapes in the County of Sussex* there are no Peace Officers who can act officially as belonging to the said Rapes: And whereas the Rapes in the said County are the most convenient Districts to be appointed as the Subdivisions for the Deputy Lieutenants to execute the several Purposes directed by the said Acts, and do contain within their Bound- aries several Hundreds, to each of which there is a Peace Officer belonging: And whereas the Boroughs and Tithings, over which there are Headborough?, Tithingmen, or other reace Officers, are uncertain in their Boundaries, and often include Parts of various Parishes, from which great Inconveniencies arise, both in ballotting for the Men to be drawn by Lot for the Service of the said Militia, and also in the

Payment of the Money.directed to be paid by the Parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: And whereas it would be more expedient that the ballotting for Men to serve in the said Militia for the County of Suffct^iftcr1 4 Suff*x should be by the Division of Parishes, to which Division there are no Peace Officers \ be it the lift Tuesday therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the last Tuesay in October next, his in next oaober, said Majesty's Lieutenant, or on his Death or Removal, or on his Absence, any three or more Deputy to issue Orderito Lieutenants of the County of Sussex, shall and may issue out his or their Orders to the Chief Constable of ?hiCh,ffH°n" several Hundreds in the Rapes in the said County where their Subdivisions may have been or may be

tiredt*\fCae~ appointed, directing such Chief Constables to issue their Precepts to the Churchwardens or Overseers of

their Precepti to the Poor of each Parish within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieu-Churchwardens, tenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Days by them directed, fair and true &c. to return to Lifts in Writing of the Names of all the Men usually dwelling within their respective Parishes* between u\ThPUa'7 ^Pes c^8"tcen an<* forty-five, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and for such the*Names 'fall several other Purposes as are directed to be done by the Constables, Tithingmen, Headborough, or other Men dwelling in Officer, of each Parish, Tithing, or Place, within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions, in an Act, their Pari&esbe- made in the second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain* amend, and reduce into one tween the Age* jfft 0j parliament, the several Laius now in being relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Churchwarden*" ^art of ®rcat Br*ta>n called England j and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several. endOverfeew" Parishes in the said County, to whom such Orders shall be issued, shall, for the Purposes of the several for the Purpose* Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia of this Kingdom, be deemed the Officer of such Parish, and of the Militu shall be inverted with all the Powers and Authorities, and be liable to the several Pains, Penalties, and Law*, to be Forfeitures, as the Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, or other Officer, of any Parish, Tithing, or ficerof such Pa- Place, are subject rand liable to, for or upon account of his refusing or neglecting to return such Lifts, vUhfftc* " 88 aforesaid, or being guilty of Fraud or wilful Partiality in making thereof, or not attending the Orders issued by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants, or for the several other Offences in the said recited Act or in the present Act contained.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

When any Person isconvifled, in England or Wales, of any Crime puniflwble by Transportation to America, the Court may order him to be transported to any Parts beyond the Seas, either 5n America, or elsewhere.

When any Cnn-vidi fh til be ordered for Transportation as aforesaid, or any Offender, excluded from Bc-

CAP. LX XIV.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders.

WHEREAS the Punishment of Felons, and other Offenders, by Transportation to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, is attended with many Difficulties Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, when any Person, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Se(-fion of the Peace, to be holden for any County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of Wales, shall be lawfully convicted of any Grand or Petty Larceny, or any other Crime, for which he or she is or shall be liable by Law to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America; or if any Person convicted of such Crime hath already been ordered to be transported, btit such Order hath not yet been executed; it shall and may b* hwful for the Court before which any such Person hath been or shall be so convicted; or any Court holcftn for the same Place with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, to order and adjudge that such Person shall be transported to any Parts beyond the Seas, whether the same be situated in America, or elsewhere, in such and the like Manner, and for any Term of Years not exceeding such and the same Term as and for which such Person is or shall be liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America aforesaid; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any such Person, who hath already been, or shall hereafter be so convicted, shall, in consequence thereof, be ordered to be transported to any Parts beyond the Seas#j or if his Majesty, his Heirs and oucccflors, shall hereafter be graciously pleased to extend the Royal Mercy to any Offender convicted or attainted of any Felony by which he or she is excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, or of such Statutes as are equivalent thereunto, upon the Condition of Transportation to any Parts S beyond

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74< 487

When any Person it convicted of any Felony for which he shall be liable to. be burnt in the Hand, the Court may, instead thereof,.iirpose on him a moderate Fine; or order him to be whipped.

beyond the Seas as aforesaid, then and in any such Cases all Laws, Statutes, Ufa^es, and Customs now in ne/ic of Clergy, Force, with regard to the Transportation of Criminals to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in A all receive hi* America, and their Punishment for being afterwards at large, within any Part of the Kingdom of Great ^ucmd^tion Britain, before the Expiration of the several Terms for which they were ordered to be transported, or had of Transporta! agreed to transport themselves, and particularly the several Provisions contained in an Act, made in the tion as aforesaid, fourth Ye^r of King George the Fir It, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and all Laws relating other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool; and for to Transportation declaring the Lavu upon some Feints relating to Pirates; and in one other Act, made in the sixth Year of King Americ^imd0 George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for tbdrrefurni^g the more effectual Transportation of Felons', and in one other Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his lat2 before the E*- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Offenders pi ation of their found at large within the Kingdom <^Great Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportation; and in one ^J*lbeil1

other Act, made in the eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual f °c& ta\hcOf-Transpotiition of Offenders*, shall take place, be in Force, and enure, with regard to the Transportation of fcnders°failmen-all such Offenders as aforesaid, to any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, and with regard to their Punishment tioned. for being afttrwards at large in this Kingdom before the Expiration of their respective Terms, in like Manner as if the same had been repeated and specially inserted in this Act.

III. And whereas the Punishment of Burning in the Hand, when any Pjerson is convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, is often disregarded, and ineffectual; and sometimes may fix a lading Mark of Disgrace and Infamy on Offenders, who might otherwise become good Subjects, and profitable Mem- bers of the Commonwealth be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

when any Person shall, in any of the Courts before mentioned, be lawfully convicted of any Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, for which he or she is liable by Law to be burned or marked in the Brawn of the left Thumb, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any Person shall be so convicted, or any Court holden for the same Place with the like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, instead of such Burning or Marking, to impose upon such Offender such a moderate pecuniary Fine as to the Court in its Discretion shall seem meet; or otherwise it shall be lawful, instead of such Burning or Marking, in any of the Cases aforesaid, except in the Case of Manslaughter, to order and adjudge that such Offender shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three Times, either publicly or privately whipped, such private Whipping to be infiided in the Presence of not less than two Persons, besides the Offender and the Office* who inflids the same; and in case of Female Offenders, in the Presence of Females only; and such Fine or Whipping, so imposed or infiided, instead of such Burning or Marking, shall have the like Effects and Consequences to the Party on whom the same, or either of them, shall be so imposed or infiided* with respect to any Discharge from the same, or other Felonies, or any Restitution to his orher Estates, Capacities, and Credits, as if he or (lie had been burned or marked as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall abridge or deprive any of the said Courts of the Powers now vested in them by Law of detaining and keeping in Prison, for any Time not exceeding one Year, or of committing to the House of Correction, or public Work-house, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not less than six Months, or exceeding twp Years, any such Offender as aforesaid; but that such Offender may, if such Court shall think fit, after such Burning or Marking, or after such Whipping or Fine, as shall by virtue of this present Act be infiided or imposed instead thereof, be so detained or committed, and with such accumulated Punishment, in case of Escape from such House of Correction or Workhouse, as if this Act had never been made.

V. And whereas, if many Offenders, convicted of Crimes for which Transportation hath been usually His Majesty im- infiided, were ordered to solitary Imprisonment, ►accompanied by well regulated Labour, and religious powered to ap- Instruction, it might be the Means, under Providence, not only of deterring others from the Commission pointthreeSuper- of the like Crimes, but also of reforming the Individuals, and inuring them to Habits of Industrybe it V1 or*’w 0 are therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, in his Privy Council, to appoint three Persons to be Supervisors of the Buildings to be erected in pursuance of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove them, or any of them, and appoint others in the Place of such as shall be so removed, or shall die, or resign their Trust; and the said Supervisors, or any two of them, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, fix upon any Common, Heath, or Waste, or any other Piece or Pieces of Ground, which maybe lawfully purchased under the Powers of this Act, and which shall befituated within any one of the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, or Surrey, upon which they, or any two of them, shall ered, or cause to be erected, two plain* strong, and substantial Edifices or Houses, which shall be called The Penitentiary Houses, for the Purpose of confining and employing in hard Labour, in one of t,he said Houses, such Male Convids, and in the other, such Female Convids, as, in pursuance of the Powers herein after contained, shall be ordered to Imprisonment and hard Labour: Provided always, That in fixing upon such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, Regard shall be especially had to Healthioefs and the Accommodation of Water, avoiding, as far as possible, any Place where other Buildings are or may be, erected contiguous to, or within a small Distance from the outward Fence or Inclosure of such Houses, ^aicr or a Situation within any populous Town: Provided also, That the Situation and other Circumstances of ThcSitoatfon, such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be reported to and approved of by the Lord Chancellor, the Speaker &c. to be*p- of the House of Commons, the Justices of thq Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, the Barpns proofed of.by the the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, and the Lord Mayor of London, for the Time being respectively, or LLrdsCh^ncd, Lr' by any eight or more of them, before the same shall be finally fixed upon, or any Purchase made of thq judge*!M^Lord

fame. i Mayor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be fixed upon, with After such Ap.; such Approbation as aforesaid, the said Supervisors, or any two of them, shall, as soon as may be, contract probation, the for theabfolute Purchase, in Fec-simple, of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purpose of ered- suPemfow«

t> — purchase the

This Act not to abridge the Powers vested in the said Court of imprisoning Offender*

to fix upon a Piece of Ground, and to erect thereon two substantial Edifices, to be called Penitentiary-Houses, for confining and employing Con-vi&s.

In the Choice of, the Ground, special Regard to be had to Healthiness and Accommodation of Water, &c.

Rtr i

log

488 C. 74.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Incapacitated Per Iona impowered to sell and convey, for the Purposes of this A Cl,

Sums paid for Ground to Corporations, fice. to fee laid out in the Purchase of Lindt fdbjeft to the same Limit* atiodij ftc> 3

Ground, which ing thereon such Penitentiary Houses, and other Buildings and Inclosures, in such Manner as herein is Aall be conveyed directed; which Ground so to be purchased shall be conveyed to the Clerk of Assize of the Home Circuit Affiae o/the for the Time being, and to his Successors forever; and the said Clerk of Assize for the Time being is Home Circuit for hereby made and declared to be a Corporation Sole, for the special Purpose of being capable to take the Time being, and hold, in perpetual Succession, the said Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Eleemosynary, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Executors, Administrators# and all Trustees whatsoever, not only on Behalf of themselves, butalfoon Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes^covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability whatsoever, and also for all other Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any Piece or Pieces of Ground on which the said Penitentiary Houses, or either of them, shall be appointed to be erected, to contract or agree for, fell, convey, and assure such Piece or Pieces of Ground unto such Clerk of Assize for the Time being; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding, and all Corporations and Persons so agreeing or conveying, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do by virtue of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be agreed to be paid to any Corporations, Husbands, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes-covertj or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any other Person or Persons whose Lands shall be limited in ftri& Settlement, for the Purchase of any such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall, in case such Sums of Money shall exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, be laid out by such Corporations, Husbands, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or any Person or Persons seised ^of Land so limited in ftri& Settlement, as (bon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee-simple, to be conveyed to, or to the Use of, such Corporations, Husbands, Executors, Admiiu-strators, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, and to and for such other Person or Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders# and Contingencies, as the Lands or Grounds for or in respect whereof such Purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid, (haW be limited, settled, and allured, at the Time such Purchase or Contract shall be made in Manner aforesaid, or such as shall be then capable of taking Effect, the Charges of such Conveyances and Settlements to be paid in the same Manner as the Expence of building on fudi Ground; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, such Money, whether the same shall or shall not exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall be laid out by such Corporations, or other Persons for the Time being interested therein, in fume Government Securities, in the Names of two Persons, one to be nominated by the Party or Parries for the Time being interested therein, and the other by the Supervisors aforesaid; and the Interest arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, in case the same had not been fold, or would for the Time being be intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid,

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Corporations, Husbands, Guardians, Committees* Executors, Administrators, or other Trustees, or any Person or Persons for the Time being interested in any such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the House or Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Corporation, shall, for the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall refuse to accept such Price as shall be offered by the said Supervisors, or their Agent, or shall otherwise not agree for the Sale of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or if, by Reason of Absence or Incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such Sale, then, and in every such Case, the said Supervisors, or any two of them, shall cause the Value of such Ground to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County, Riding, Li-

wit&eflts tray be berty, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, wherein the same shall be situated; and to that End shall summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath (which Oath any one or more of such Supervisors is and are hereby impowered to administer), any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Supervisors, or any two of them, shall, by ordering a View, or otherwise, use all Ways and Means for the Information of themselves, and of Rich Jury, in the Premises; and when such Jury shall have enquired of and ascertained the Value of such Ground, the said Supervisors shall thereupon order that the Sum or Sums of Money which shall so appear to be the Value of such Ground, shall be paid and applied in such Manner as is herein*before directed touching the Money to be paid for Ground, for Sale whereof the Person or Persons interested shall contrail and agree in Manner aforesaid; which Verdict or Inquisition, and Order* shall be filed of Record by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, Riding, Liberty, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, and shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Fmes-covert, Lunatics, Idiots and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, Corporations, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

X. And, for summoning and returning such Juries/ be it further enacted, That such Supervisors* or any two of them, may issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff’or Bailiff of any particular County* Riding, Liberty, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, within the Limits of which the said Ground < 6 shall and, til) such > Pure bate shall be made, to be placed out on Government Se-cority.

If Owners refuse to treat, or to accept the Price oQesed by the Swpervifora, the Value of the Gtound to be ascertained by 6 Juty.

examined on Oath,

Supervisors to order such Sum to be paid as shall be ascertained by the Jury.

Verdict of the Jury, and Order thercupur, to be reeoided, and final.

How the Jury shall be (un* mooed.

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. 489

shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return, an Indifferent Jury of twenty-four Persons, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Supervisors, or any two of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall, be appointed; and such Sheriff or Bailiff is and are hereby required to impanne), summon, and return, such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Person? so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Supervisors, or any two of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said sheriff or Bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent Men of the Bystanders, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Chal- Jaronmty 6m lenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Supervisors, or any two challenged, of them, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose a Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff or Bailiff, Supervisors m*y or his Deputy or Deputies, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be sum- topose a Fineon moned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on tinE De^uttT* the said Jury, or being sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give, a Verdict, or shall in any other Man- s tier wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein; and also on any Persons who, being summoned and required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to

be sworn, or to give Evidence; so that no such Fine be more than ten Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on any one Person for one Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for more E*p«nc« of jury Money, as the Value of such Ground so to be purchased, than what shall have been offered for the Pur- and Witnciirs by chase thereof by the said Supervisors or their Agent, to any Person capable of contracting for the same, whomiobepaidr the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid,

out of the same Fund as the Expence of the Buildings to be erected thereon; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for no more, or for less Money than the Money which shall have been so offered by such Supervisors, or their Agent, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom such Controversy or Dispute, touching the Value of such Grounds, shall arise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so ordered to be paid for the Purchase of such Grounds and Premises, or, ppon Refusal or Inability to receive the same, leaving the same chTfe Money1/-

Supcnjrifors may lake Possession of the Premisei.

in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace of the County where such Penitentiary Houses are to be built, for the Use of the Persons or Parties intitled thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Supervisors, or any two of them, their Workmen or Agents, to enter upon and take Possession of such Grounds and Premises, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and thereupon all such Persons and Parties shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Grounds and Premises.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to compel the Sale of any Ground, with a House or other Building bona fide intended for the Purposes of Habitation, upon it; or of any Park, Paddock, Orchard, or other Ground, inclosed for the immediate Convenience of any House, or of the Offices belonging thereto; or any Ground improved as Pleasure Ground, or planted with Wood; or any inclosed Ground immediately adjoining to any House, Park, Paddock,

Garden, Orchard, Yard, or Pleasure Ground, and occupied therewith; or any Ground between any House and any Park, Paddock, Yard, Offices, Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure Ground, belonging to such House, and occupied therewith.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Supervisors, or any two of them, shall contrail with proper Persons for erttfting such Penitentiary Houses, together with the fevtyal Buildings and Inclosures thereunto belonging, and shall superintend the Erection of such Houses and Buildings, and the due Performance of such Contracts as shall be entered into touching the same; and the said Penitentiary Houses shall be made sufficiently large to contain, the one of them six hundred Male Convifis, and the other of them three hundred Female Convitfts; and each of such Houses, or the Buildings and Inclosures thereunto belonging, shall contain proper Storehouses, Warehouses, Workhouses, and Loaging-rooms, an infirmary, a Chapel, and Burying-ground, a Prison divided into dark but airy Dungeons, a Kitchen Garden, and also proper airing Grounds, Yards, Offices, and other necessary Apartments for the several Officers and Servants herein-after directed to be appointed: Provided always, That before any such Contracts shall be made or entered into by the said Supervisors, the Plan of such Houses and Buildings, with the Estimates of the Expence of erecting the same, shall be laid before, and approved of by, the same Persons to whom the Approbation of the Piece or Pieces of Ground whereon the same are intended to be erected is hereinbefore referred, or by any eight or more of them: Provided also, That the Expences of purchasing the said Ground, of erecting the said Buildings, and of making a proper Compensation to the said Supervisors for their Trouble and Charges, being previously examined and settled, from Time to Time, by the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place wherein such Ground shall be situated, at their Quarter or other General Seflinn, and approved and allowed by the Justices of Assize, at their then next subsequent Assizes, or, if in Midd!cfexy by the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, shall from Time to Time be defrayed by Warrants from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be provided for in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in his Privy Council to nominate and appoint three Gentlemen, or other creditable and substantial Persons, as and for a Committee to superintend the said Houses, and from Time to Time to remove all or any of the Persons com- v i ia posing the said Committee, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of such as shall die or resign;

which Persons so composing the said Committee, shall be intitled to such Allowance per Diem for their fons, rofupenn-Trouble and Expences, in every Day’s actual Attendance on the Duties of their Office, as the said Justices *»d the i.nd

Qf Houses*

Limitatior.of the Power to compel Owners of Ground to fclV

Sopervi/ors tofu.* perintend the Erection of the ' Houses, Stc,

One of which shall be large enough to contain 6( o Male.*, and the cthrr 300 Females; wr.h proper Stnrrhnufe?, &CHAPlan of the Buildings, and n fclliniatecd the Expence, to be approved of I y th- Lord Clnn* ctllor, &c. Erpr.ices of purchasing the Ground, and errfting the Bnil ii.gs,&c. to be defrayed by Warrant? from the Treasury,

His Majesty* impowered to appoint a Commit-

490 C. 74.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

of the Peace, at their Quarter or other General Session, with the Approbation and Allowance of the Justices of Assize, at their then next subsequent Assizes, or, if in Middlesex, by the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Kings Bench, shall from Time jp Time order and direct; and the iaid Committee, or any two of them, shall and may appoint a Clerk, to continue during their Pleasure, with such Salary as they shall judge to be reasonable; which Clerk shall keep regular Adinutcs of the Proceedings of the said Committee; and the said Committee, or any two of them, are also hereby authorised and required to appoint Hated Meetings, giving two Days Notice thereof, and from Time to Time to adjourn the same, and at such Hated and adjourned Meetings, and not otherwise, nor in any less Number, to carry this Act into Execution; and at every such Meeting the Chairman of such Committee shall not only have a single Voice or Vote* but, in case of Equality of Numbers, a decisive or calling Vote.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Penitentiary Houses shall be erefled, and so fitted up as to be ready or nearly ready for the Reception of the Offenders herein after directed to be font thereto, the Committee shall elect such Officers as are herein after directed, and shall make Provision for Stock and Materials for the Use and Employment of the Offenders to be confined in the said Penitentiary Houses; and also shall make Orders for the Regulation of the Lid Houses, and of such Offenders, in such

Cases as are not by this Act particularly provided for; which Orders of Regulation being approved of by

tion, which mu ft the said Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter or other General Sessions, and confirmed and allowed by

be approved by the Justices,

Sec. before they are carried into Execution.

Committee to appoint a Clerk, who shall minute their Proceedings.

Committee to

ele&OfficerSjand pi ovi vie Materials for employing Ofrcmiers; and to make Orders ot Ref ula

Enumeration of Officers to be appjinted by the Committeej

who shall allow them Salaries.

Salaries of Go. wernors and Task-masters to arise at much at possible from the Profitt of Work dene in the Houset.

Committee may, with such Approbation as aforesaid, vary the Number of Officers.

The Governor of each House to be a Body Corpo-rwe, and account* able for the Conduit of hit Servants.

Governor impowered to con-trait for Clothing, D et, Sec, necessary for the Offenders, with the Approbation of the Committee.

Accounts relating to the Maintenance of each House, &c. to be entered in a Boole.

Duty of the Stere-keeper and Talk master.

the Justices of Assize at their then next subsequent Assizes, or, if in Middlesex y by the Justices of the Court of Kings Bench, shall be carried into Execution; and the said Committee shall, in like Manner, from Time to Time, as often as they shall think necessary, make any other Oiders of Regulation, as well fof Repeal of such Orders before made, as by way of Addition thereto, which, before they are carried into Execution, shall also be approved of, confirmed, and allowed by the Justices aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Regulation and Management of each of such Penitentiary Houses, and previously to the opening thereof for the Reception of Offenders, there shall be elected and appointed by the said Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Surgeon or Apothecary, a Storekeeper, and a Task-mafier; and also, in the House set apart for Female Convicts, a Matron; and in each of them, fu* h other Officers as the said Committee, with such Approbation, Confirmation, and Allowance, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary; and such Officers shall from Time to Time be removeable by any Order of the said Committee; and when any Vacancy shall happen, new Officers shall be elected by the same Authority; and such Salaries and other Allowances shall be made to the said Officers, with such Approbation, Confirmation, and Allowance, as aforesaid, and also such of them from whom the said Committee may deem it proper to require Security for the due and faithful Execution of their Offices, shall give such Security accordingly, as the said Committee from Time to Time shall direct.

XVIII. Provided always, That the Salaries of the respective Governors and Talk-masters shall totally. If possible, or at leafi in great Measure, arise from the Profits of the Work that shall be done and performed in each several Penitentiary House; and the said Committee is hereby required, with such Approbation, Confirmation, and Allowance, as aforesaid, so to order and appoint such Salaries, that the same may bear a conffant Proportion to the Quantity of Labour performed in each several House, and that it may become the Interest, as well as Duty, of each Governor and Task-mafier to see that all Persons under his and their Custody and Direction be regularly and profitably employed.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee, from Time to Time, with such Approbation, Confirmation, and Allowance as aforesaid, ta increase, diminish, discontinue, or vary the Number of Officers to be appointed for any such House in pursuance of the Directions aforesaid, except by taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecary to the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of every such Penitentiary House shall be a Body Corporate, and shall sue and be sued, by the Name of The Governor of the Penitentiary House for Maks (or for Females, as the Case shall require), in the Parish or Place wherein it shall happen to be situated; and shall from Time to Time employ such Servants, Overseers, and Affifiants, as he shall think proper and necessary, and for whose Conduct he shall be answerable; provided that the said Governor do employ no other but Males, in the Houses set apart for Male Convicts, and Females, where the Work can be performed by Females, in such as shall be set apart for Female Convicts.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor shall also have Power to make Contrasts with any Persons whomsoever, for the Clothing, Diet, and all other Necessaries for the Maintenance and Support of the Offenders confined in such House, for Implements or Materials of any Kind of Manufacture, Trade, or Mystery, in which Offenders confined in such House shall be employed, such Contracts being previously approved by the Committee, and also to carry on such Manufacture and Mystery inYuch House, and to fell such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as shall be there wrought and manufactured; and the Governor of every such Penitentiary House shall cause all Accounts touching the Maintenance of such House* and the Offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and also the Governor and Storekeeper shall each keep separate Accounts of all such Stock and Materials as shall be brought into such House for employing such Offenders; and such Stock and Materials shall from Time to Time be delivered out by the said Storekeeper, as Occasion shall require, to the Task-master, who shall give Receipts to such Storekeeper for the same, and shall distribute the same amorgit the several Offenders to be employed in working thereon; and such Task-mafier, or his Affifiants, shall constantly superintend the Work of the said Offenders, and take an Account of every Neglect of Work, or other Misbehaviour, and likewise of any extraordinary Diligence or good Behaviour in any of such Offenders, and from Time to Time shall report the same to the Governor, who shall cause the same to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and such Task-mafier shall also keep Accounts of the Quantities daily worked by the several Offenders, and shall return the Materials, when wrought and manufactured, to the

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. 491

Storekeeper; who shall give Receipts to the Task-master for the same, and shall from Time to Time, with the Privity and Approbation of the Governor, sell and dispose thereof, and pay the Money arising from such Sales to the Governor, who shall be accountable for the same to the Committee, in Manner herein-afrcrmemioned; and the said Governor and Storekeeper shall keep separate Accounts of the Materials so wrought, manufadhired, fold, and disposed of, and the several Sums of Money for which the same shall be so fold, and when fold, and to whom, in Books to be provided for those Purposes.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Books so to be kept by the said Governor and Storekeeper, and the several Entries therein, shall be examined by the said Committee, and shall be by them compared with the several Receipts and other Vouchers, and shall be verified by such Governor and Storekeeper, upon Oath, if required, before such Committee, and shall, if approved of by such Committee, be allowed, and signed by any two of them; and if such Committee shall disapprove of any Articles in such Accounts, they shall disallow the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall susped any fraudulent or improper Charges in any of such Accounts of the said Governor or Storekeeper, or any Omission thereout, they may examine upon Oath the said Governor, Storekeeper, or any of the Officers or Servants belonging to such House, or any of the Persons employed about the same, or any Persons of whom any Necessaries, Stock, Materials, or other Things, have been purchased for the Use of such House, or any Persons to whom any Stock or Materials, wrought or manufactured therein, have been fold, or any of the Offenders confined in such Penitentiary House, or any other Persons, touching any of the Articles contained in such Accounts, or any Omission thereout; and in case there shall appear in any such Accounts any false Entry, knowingly or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omission thereout, or any other Fraud whatsoever, or any Collusion between any Officer or Officers, or Servants, belonging to such House, or between any such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, and any other Person or Persons, then, besides the private Satisfaction in Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be intitled to recover by Lawj the said Committee may dismiss any such Officer or Officers, who shall to them appear to have been guilty of any such false Entry, Omission, Fraud, or Collusion, and appoint another, or others, in his, her, or their Stead; and if the said Committee shall see fit, they shall cause an Indictment or Indictments to be preferred against the Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, so offending, at the next Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, wherein such Penitentiary House shall he situated, or for any other adjoining County; and in case such Person or Persons so indicted shall be found guilty of such Offence or Offences, he, she, or they shall be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Court.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Penitentiary Houses herein-before directed to be built, shall be fitted and completed for the Reception of Offenders, and proper Officers shall be appointed for the Care and Management thereof, the said Committee shall certify, under their Hands and Seals, to the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, that such Houses are so fitted and completed, and that such Officers have been appointed; and after the making of such Certificate where any Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, to be holden for the County of the City of London, or the County of Middlesex, or during the Assizes for any other County within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of Wales, be lawfully convicted of Grand or Petty Larceny, or any other Crime for which be or (he shall be liable by Law, either under this Statute or any other Statute now in Force, or hereafter to be made, to be transported to any Parts beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for the Court before which any such Person shall be so convicted, or any Court held for the same Place with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of such Punishment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Person shall be punished, by being imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, in one of such Penitentiary Houses, for any Terra not exceeding two Years, in case of Petty Larceny; and for any Term, if such Offender be a Male, not less than one Year, or if such Offender be a Female, not less than six Months, nor exceeding, in either Case, five Years, if he or she is liable by Law, on account of any other Crime, to be transported for seven Years; and for any Term not less thin two Years, nor exceeding seven Years, in case any such Offender is liable by Law to be transported for fourteen Years.

XXV. Provided always, That during the Continuance of this Act, not more than two Offenders shall be sent to such Penitentiary Houses, from all the Great Sessions to be holden within any one of the four Circuits of Chester or H ales, either in Spring or Summer; nor shall more than four Offenders be sent from any one Session of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be holden for the City of London, nor more than nine Offenders from any one Session of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be holden for the County of Middlesex; and that not more Offenders than, is herein after specified shall be sent from all the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be holden within each of the several Spring Circuits, and not more than the like Number from all the said Sessions within each of the Summer Circuits of England;- that is to say, from all the said Sessions within each of the two Annual Northern Circuits, eight; within each of the two Annual Midland Circuits, ten; within each of the two Annual Norfolk Circuits, ten; within each of the two Annual Oxford Circuits, twelve; and within each of the two Annual Western Circuits, twelve; and within each of the two Annual Home Circuits, sixteen Offenders.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Certificate shall be made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Court in which any such Offenders as aforesaid shall be convicted, or any other Court held for the same Place, and with like Authority, to order and adjudge such Offenders, not exceeding the Numbers herein-before respectively limited, to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, for the several Terms aforesaid, in the respective Houses of Correction, or other proper Places, within each respective County; which Houses of Correction, or other proper Places, shall, during such Time, be deemed and esteemed to be Penitentiary Houses to all Intents and Purposes, within the

Meaning

The Books to be kept by the Governor and Storekeeper shall be examined by the Committee;

who, on Sufpr-cion of any frau* dulent Charges, Sic. may examine upon Oath* any Persons concerning the Tamer

If any Fraud cr

Collision shall appear, the Committee may dif* mifi the Offender.

and may prefera» Indictment against him at tht mxt Quarter Sessions.

Committee to-certify to the Court of King*1 Bench when the-Penitentiary Houses are (ittedT for Reception of Offenders; after which, a limited Number of Persons convicted, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, Ac, in England or Wales, of any* Crime punishabbr by Transportation, may be sent to and confined in such Houses.

The respective' Terms of Con-fioement. Limitation of the* Number of Offenders to be sent from each of the Welsh Circuits, and from each of the English Gr-cuitsrcfpedHvc-

Until Certificate shall be made U aforesaid, the Court in which such Otferiders shall be convict-eJ, may order the Number above specified to hard Labour 14

492

C. 74.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

lion.

Any Male convicted in "England or Wale», of any Criu.e (eecept Petty

in cleansing the Thames, &c. for any Term notless than oqe Year, nor more

the fwc of Meaning of this Act, except only with regard to the Appointment of Officers and Servants, and other Correction, &c. interior Regulations of such Houses, directed by this Act; and when such Certificate shall be made as for ric cvmny j aforesaujt the Offenders then imprisoned in such floufcs of Correlation, or other Places, by virtue of this be tiiKi'erred*u> Act, shall be transferred to such new-erected Penitentiary Houses, for the Residue of the several Terms the Penitentiary during which they were ordered and adjudged to be imprisoned; and the Justices of the Peace for every Housesas foonij County, at their several Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the Feast of Saint Thomas tht Martyr, in they are reaty the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or at any Adjournment of the same

for their Reccf Se(fl0nSi

are hereby required to give Directions for the temporary Reception, safe Custody, Employment, and due Regulation of such Offenders, the Expences of which., being previously examined and allowed by the said Justices at. their Quarter Sessions, shall be paid by the Treasurer of each respective County, who shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

XXVII. And, for the more severe and effectual Punishment of atrocious and daring Offenders,’ be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Ta/y, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, where any Male Person, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, to be holden for the County of the City of London, or for any other County within that Part of Great Britain called Entlani,

Larceny) punish- or for the Royal Franchise of Ely, or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Che/kr, able by Trans- or within the Principality of Wales, shall be lawfully convicted of Grand Larceny, or any other Crime, Uof c^pJTent except Petty Larceny* for which he shall be liable by Law to be transported to any Parts beyond the Seas, Age and bod!iy it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Person shall be so convicted, or any Court Strength, bekrpt holden for the same Place with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of fucbrunish-to hard Labour ment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Person, appearing to be of competent Age, and free from any bodily Infirmity, shall be punished by being kept on board Ships or Vessels properly accommodated for the Security, Employment, and Health of the Persons to be confined therein, and by being employed in hard Labour rn the raising Sand, Soil, and Gravel from, and cleansing, the River Thames, or any other River navigable for Ships of Burthen, or any Port, Harbour, or Haven, within that Part of than Seven Years. Great Britain called England, such River, Port, Harbour, or Haven, being previously approved and appointed for that Purpose by Order of his Majesty in his Privy Council, or in any other Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of the said Rivers, Ports, Harbours, or Havens, or in any other public Worici upon the Banks or Shores of the same, under the Management and Direction of such Superintends or Superintendants as hath been or shall be appointed, for the River Thames, by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and for other Rivers, Ports, Harbours, or Havens, by the Justices of the Peace for the Counties wherein such Rivers, Ports, Harbours, or Havens, are situated, or of such of the Counties ‘ next adjoining to the same, respectively, as his Majesty in Council shall direct, at their Quarter or other

General Session of the Peace, for such Term, not less than one Year, nor exceeding five Years, or in case such Offender shall be liable to be transported for fourteen Years, not exceeding seven Years, as such Court of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, shall think (it to order and adjudge.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or Great Session, within England or Wales, be lawfully convicted of any Robbery, or other Felony, for which he or she shall by Law, either under this Statute, or under any other Su-conviaed of any tute now in Force, or hereafter to be made, be liable to suffer Death, without Benefit of Clergy, and his Fdony punish- Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the Royal Mercy to any such Offender, upon Condition of being kept to hard Labour, during any specified Term, in any Penitentiary House to be erected in pursuance of this Act, or, such Offenders being Males, upon Condition of being kept to hard Labour, during any specified Term, in the Custody of such Superintendant or Superintendants as aforesaid, for the Benefit of the said Navigations; and such Intention of Mercy shall be notified, in Writing, by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the Court in which such Offender shall be convicted, or to Thilme^&c for Court held for t^e same Place with the like Authority; or, if no such Court shall be fitting, then to fpc-°r any Justice of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or Justice of Great Sessions, by or before whom such Offender shall have been convicted or condemned; such Court or Justice may and shall, immediately

on receiving such Notification, allow to every such Offender the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, in the same Manner as if there was a conditional Pardon under the Great Seal 5 and may and shall order, thit every such Offender shall be kept to hard Labour in such Penitentiary House as aforesaid, or in the Custody of such Superintendant or Superintendants as aforesaid, for the Time specified in the Notification from such Secretary of State.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender shall ht ordered and adjudged to be kept to hard Labour in any of the Manners aforesaid, the Clerk of Assize, or other Clerlq of the Court in which such Offender shall be convicted, shall give to the Sheriff or Gaoler, having the Custody of such Offender, a Certificate in Writing, under his Hand, containing an Account of the Christian Name, Surname, and Age, of such Offender; of his or her Offence, of the Court before which he or she was convicted, and of the Term for which he or she shall be so ordered to hard Labour; and the Sheriff or Gaoler, having the

Sham or Gaoler, Custody of such Offender, shall, with all convenient Speed, after the making of such Order, and the receiving such Certificate, convey such Offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed to such House or Place ^Ho&all deliver to which such Order dial direift him or her to be conveyed; and shall deliver such Offender, or cause him r'"L J or her to be delivered, together with such Certificate, to such Governor or Superintendant as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as such Governor or Superintendant shall appoint; and such Governor or Sj-perintendant, or other Person or Persons to whom such Offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper Receipt in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to the Sheriff or Gaoler so delivering such Offender, which shall be his sufficient Discharge; and such Governor or Superintendant shall transmit such Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Place wherein such Penitentiary House, or other Place of Confinement, shall be situated, to be filed with the Records of the Sessions*

Tft case his Majesty should extend his Mercy to any Person

able by Death, the Judge shall enter the Offender to be kept to hard Labour In a Penitentiary

cified by the Secretary of State.

When any Offender shall be ordered to hard Labour, the Clerk of AfTite, tec, shall give a Certificate to the

such Offender and Certificate to the Governor er Superintendant, Sec, who shall give a Receipt for the same*

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. 93

Fees to be paid to the Clerk of Assize, Sec, and to the Sheriff or Gaoler.

Kind; and those of left Ability are to be employed in left laborious Work*

Offenders during the Hous* of Rest, to be lodged

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, or other Clerk of the Court, shall have the same Fee, Gratuity, or Satisfaction, on granting such Certificate, and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall have the same Fee on delivering out of his Custody any mch Offender so to be ordered to any such Penitentiary House, or other Place of hard Labour, as hath usually been paid, and would hate been due to them respectively, if such Offender had been sentenced to Transportation, except in the Case of Petty Larceny, wherein they shall have only such Fees as have usually and of Right been paid upon Conviction for the said Such Fccg> >fu! Offence, and Judgment to be whipped for the same; and such Fees, Gratuities, and Satisfaction, and also the Expends of all Expences to be incurred by any Sheriff or Gaoler in the Conveyance of any such Offender whatever to cpnveying of the House or Place to be appointed for his or her Confinement, such Expences being previously examined to their and allowed by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter or other General Session, shall be paid by the ([tLot"*bc Treasurer of the County or Place for which the Court in which such Offender shall be convicted shall have by the been held, to such Clerk of Assize, or other Clerk of the Court, and to such Sheriff or Gaoler, respect County Trestively, and every such Treasurer shall be allowed every such Payment in his Accounts. surer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of any such Offender as aforesaid into the Cuf- Governor or Su-tody to which he or flic shall be ordered or adjudged, such Governor or Superintendant, or other Person pcHntendant to having the Custody of Offenders under his Direction, shall, during the Term for which such Offender p^h0cv, Qft-. shall be ordered to hard Labour, have the same Powers over such Offender as are incident to the Office of fenderi!nbis

a Sheriff or Gaoler and in case of any Abuse of such Custody, or other Misbehaviour or Negligence in cofMy »* a the Discharge of his Office, shall be liable to the same Punishment as a Gaoler is now liable to by Law. sheriffo* Gaoler.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Governor of each such Penitentiary Houses shall, All offender* in during the Term prefertbed for the Imprisonment and hard Labour of such Offender, keep him or her, so the Penitentiary far as may be confident with his or her Sex, Age, Health, and Ability, to Labour of the hardest and most *Joufesf whb°care servile Kind, in which Drudgery is chiefly required, and where the Work is little liable to be spoiled by bef['o Labour Ignorance, Neglect, or Obstinacy, and where th* Materials or Tools are not easily stolen or embezzled, Df imdeft such as treading in a Wheel, or drawing in a Capftern, for turriink a Mill or other Machine or Engine, and most servile (awing Stone, policing Marble, beating Hemp, rasping Logwood, chopping Rags, making Cordage, or any other hard and laborious Service; and those of less Health and Ability, Regard being also had to Age and Sex, in picking Oakum, weaving Sacks, spinning Yarn, knitting Nets, or any other less laborious Employment: And if the Work to be performed by any such Offenders shall be of such a Nature as may require previous Instruction, proper Persons shall be provided to give the same, by Order of the said Com* mktec, to whom a suitable Allowance shall be made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders as shall be sent to either of such Penitentiary Houses shall, during their Hours of Rest, be kept entirely separate and apart from each other, and be

lodged in separate Rooms or Cells, not exceeding twelve Feet in Length* eight Feet in Breadth, and eleven -

Feet in Heighth, not less than ten Feet in Length, seven Feet in Breadth, and nine Feet in Height, and Room<»

without any Window Within fix Feet of the respective Floors; which Rooms or Cells shall be dried and moderately warmed, in damp or cold Weather* by Flues from the Fires in the Kitchens, and other public Fires belonging to each House; and the said Offenders shall also, during their Hours of Labour, in case the and during the

Nature of their several Employments will permit, be in like Manner kept separate and apart from each u f

other; and where the Nature of the Employment may require two Persons to work together, the Room in which fifth two Persons shall work shall be of suitable Dimensions; and if the Nature of the Work Wherein any such Offenders shall be employed shall require the Labour of many Persons at one Time, a common Work-room or Shed shall be allotted to them for that Purpose; but during the Time the Offenders are employed in such common Work*room or Shed, the Governor of the said House, or the Talk-matter, willallow, or one or more of their Servants or Assistartts, shall bt constantly present, to attend to the Behaviour of such Offenders; and such two or more Persons shall not be fuffefed to continue together, except during the Hours of Labour, and Divine Service, and the Times respectively allotted for their Meals and Airings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders shall be employed in Work* at the said Penitentiary Houses, every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Christmas-day, and Geod-Friday, and also except such Days when ill Health will not allow of their wonting; and the Hours of Work in each Day shall be as many as the Season of the Year, with an Interval of Half an Hour for Breakfast, and an Hour for Dinner, will permit, but not exceeding eight Hours in the Months of November, December, and January^ nine Hours in the Months of February and October, and ten Hours in the rest of the Year and when such Hours of Work are passed, the working Tools, Implements, and Materials, or such of them as will admit of daily Removal, shall be removed to Places proper for their safe Custody, and there be kept till the Hour of Labour shall return.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be ordered to either of such Penitentiary Houses shall, during the Time of his or her Confinement therein, be fed and (attained with Bread, and any coarse Meat, or other inferior Food, and Water, or small Beer: and also be clothed with a coarse and uniform Apparel, with certain obvious Marks or Badges affixed to the same, as well to humiliate the Wearers as to facilitate Discovery in case of Escapes; the Whole to be ordered in such Manner as the Committee aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint for those Purposes; and no such Offender shall, during the Time of his or her Confinement, be permitted to have any other Food, Drink, or Clothing, than such as shall be so appointed; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully supply any such Offender, at any Time during the Term of his or her Confinement, with any Food, Drink, or Clothing, other than such as shall be fq appointed, or with any Money, he or she so supplying such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Servant of either of such Penitentiary Houses if §nj Officer or shall supply arty of the Offenders therein with any Money, Clothing, Provisions, or Diet, or with any Semotin either

Spirituous Of the Peahen-

Hour* of Labour also to be kept separate at much as the Nature of their Employ menu

The Hours of Work in different Parts of the Year.

How the Offenders shall be fc4 and clothed*

Penalty on /applying them with other Food or

Clothing.

49+

liary HeufeS shall supply any Offender with Money, Proti-fions, &c. contrary to this Act, he shall be fuf-j-endrd by the Governor, and reported to the Committee; who may punish him by Fine And I r.pnibnment. ‘ Offenders, when brought to the Pm ten'isry Hon ft*, to be fj-p irately lodged, and waffled, and examined by the Surgeon;

and when dif-ch^rged, to re furn Hied with deccrr Clothing and Money; and af'rr having continued in a reputable Service for one Year, to be entitled to a further Sum of Money.

The Offenders to be divided into three Classes, and the Term of their Confinement to be divided into three equal Parti, &c.

Governor may

employ Offenders in the third Class as Servants, &c.

H >w the Lodging-rooms ffull be furnished.

The Door* to be locked, and the Lights txfin-gu:ff)"d, every N.ght at Nine,

[uff:ces for the Oun y may in-fptft th* Penitentiary' Hotifes, Scc. at all sea-f'.nable Times,

Chaplain to read Mlining and Evening Prayers, and preach two Strrnoo*, every Sunday, &c.; and to viht the Offenders, with the Governor’* Leave,

C. 74. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Spirituous or other Liquors whatsoever, except such Money, Clothing, Provisions, or Diet, or such Water and Small Beer, as the Governor of the House shall from Time to Time permit or direct, and except such Diet and Liquors as thp Surgeon or Apothecary attending such House :shall think proper to order for any such Offenders, in case of Illness; and in case any such Officer or Servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such Offender, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any such Offender, any Money* Clothing, Provisions, or Diet, or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Officer or Servant shall immediately he suspemltd by the said Governor; who shall report the same to the Committee at their next Meeting; and such Committee shall esquire thereof upon Oath, and shall punish such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, by any Fine not exceeding ten Pounds, and by Imprisonment for any Term nor exceeding six Months, or by anyone or more of such Punishments, as the said Committee (hdll, in thcii Discretion, think proper

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender, who shall be ordered to hard Labour in either of such Houses as aforesaid, shall be brought thither in pursuance of the Powers contained in this Act, he or she (h ill be separately lodged, and waihed, cleansed and purified, and shall then be examined by the Surgeon or Apothecary, and shall continue in such fepa rate Lodging until it be certified by such Surgeon or Apothecary that he or lhc is fit to be received among the other Convicts, and the Clothes in which he or she shall then be clothed shall be burnt, if necessary, pr otherwise shall be fold and disposed of at the Discieiion of the Governor, and the Produce thereof shall be accounted for to the Committee aforesaid; and such Offender shall not be dismissed at the End or other Determination of his Term, unless at his own Request, if he shall then labour under any acute or dangerous Distemper, nor until he can be safely discharged; and when such Offender shall be finally discharged, such other decent Clothing as shall be judged necessary and proper by the Committee aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Offender, and also such Sum of Money, for his or her immediate Subsistence, as the said Committee shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not exceed three Pounds, nor be less than twenty Shillings, in case such Offender shall have been confined in such Penitentiary House for the Space of one Year and so in Proportion for any shorter Term of Confinement; and if such Offender, at the End or other Determination of his or her Term, shall procure any reputable Matter of a Ship, or Tradesman, or other subst^ntial Housekeeper, to take him or her into Service, or provide him or her with proper Employment for one Year then next ensuing, the same to be approved by the Committee aforesaid, he or she, having served accordingly, shall be entitled at the End of the Year to another Sum of Money, equal to that which was allowed to him or her at/the Time of his or her Dismission,

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Offenders to be sent to each of such Penitentiary Houses shall be divided into three Classes, which shall be called The Firsty Second, and Third Class; for which Purpose the Time for which such Offenders shall severally be committed shall be divided into three equal Parts; and during the first Part of the Time of the Imprisonment of every such Offender, he or she shall be ranked in the first Class, and during the second Part of such Time, he or she shall be ranked in the second Class, and during the third and last Part of such Time, he or she shall be ranked in the third Class; and the Confinement and Labour of such Offenders as shall from Time to Time be ranked in the first Class, shall be the most drift and severe, and the Confinement and Labour of the Offenders ranked in the second Class, shall be more moderate, and the Confinement and Labour of those ranked in the third Class, shall be dill more relaxed; which several Degrees of Confinement and Labour* so to be affixed to each Class, shall from Time to Time be settled by the said Committee, by Orders of Regulation to be approved of in Manner aforesaid, but so as not to defeat or elude the special Provisions made and appointed by this Act.

XXXIX. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of each such Houses to employ, at his Discretion, any of the Offenders aforesaid, who shall be ranked in the said third Class* as Servants, Overseers, or Alfiflants, in the Management of the Works, and Care of their Fellow Prisoners, instead of being confined to such their daily Labour as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That each of the Lodging-rooms which shall be appointed in the said Penitentiary Houses, for the Offenders so confined therein, shall be provided with*an Iron Bedstead, with Matting for lying upon, one or more hempen Sheets, a Coverlit, and two or more;coarse Blankets; and no Person, except the Officers and Servants of the House, and such Person or Persons as shall be authorised by Order of any two of the Committee aforesaid, shall be permitted to go at any Time into such Lodging-rooms, or to fee or converse with the Offenders; and every Night in the Year the Doors of all such Lodging-rooms shall be locked, and all Lights therein extinguished, after the Hour of Nine; and a Watchman, shall patrole each of such Penitentiary Houses at least twice in every Hour during the Night, and until Return of the Time of Labour in the Morning of the next Day.

XLI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting for the County or Place wherein such Penitentiary Houses, or Places of Confinement, to be provided in pursuance of this Act, shall be situated, at all seasonable Times, to vifft and inspect every Part of such Penitentiary Houses, or Places of Confinement, in order to make Report to the Quarter Sessions, or give Notice to the Inspector, herein after mentioned, of any Abuse or Mismanagement which he or they may observe therein.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Chaplain shall read Morning and Evening Prayers, in the Chapel of each of such Penitentiary Houses, and preach a Sermon both Morning and Afternoon, on every Sunday in the Year and also on every Christmas-day and Good Friday s and all the Offenders confined in such House, who shall not he difibled by Illness, shall attend the said Prayers and Sermons, which shall also be attended by the resident Officers, and by the Servants of such House, or such of them as can be spared from their several Employments, and shall not be prevented by Illness; and the said Chaplain shall visit, with the Leave of the Governor, any of the Offenders, either sick or in Health, that may desire or

kmd

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo'nono Georgii III. c. 74.' 495

themselves.

Offender!, when sick, to be vifr.ed by the Surgeon, and, if n’Cessary, to be sent to the Infirmary*

Two of the

Committee to attend at each

(land in need of his spiritual Advice and Assistance, provided that such Visitation, to such of the Offenders as shall be in Health shall not interfere with their dated Hours of Labour.

XLLII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be, adjoining to each of such Penitentiary Houses, Large Yards, one or more large ai.d airy Yards or Places, inclosed and properly secured, in which, and on the Top of properly recured, such House, if the Building will admit such a Convenience, the Offenders ordered to be confined in such J® {he*Pen£cn^ House shall be permitted to walk and air themselves, for such dated Time as their Health may require, fUrv Houses* for and she Governors shall respectively permit; and if proper Employment can be found, such Offenders may the Offenders to-also be permitted to work in such Yards, indead of their Lodging-rooms or Woik-rooms; but such air- walk in and air ing or working in such Yards shall never be permitted unless in the Presence or within the View of the Governor or Taflc-master, or some of their Servants or A Aidants.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Offender shall appear to be sick, he or she shall be visited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such House, and if the Sickness be found to be real, the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall report the same to the Governor; who shall, if the Sickness be of such a Nature as to require it, order such Offender to be sent to the Infirmary belonging to such House, and to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose as sick; and when such Offender (half have so far recovered his or her Health, as that the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall judge him or her in a proper Condition to quit the Infirmary, and to return to his or her Employment, and the said Apothecary shall so report, the said Governor shall order such Offender to be brought back to his or her Lodging*room, and to be again employed in Labour, so far as shall be confident with the Health of such Offender.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, or any two of them, shall attend at each

«5f the said Penitentiary Houses once at lead in every Fortnight; and on every such Attendance shall examine the State of such Hotife, and shall fee every Offender confined there, and not disabled by Sickness p ' amd shall inspect the Accounts of the Governor and Storekeepers, and also examine the Conduct and Ma- House every nagement of such House, and the Behaviour of the Officers thereof, and of the Offenders confined there- Fortnight, when ih; and the said Committee are hereby authorised and impowered to confer Rewards and Encouragements they fluii fee the on such of the said Offenders as shall appear the most diligent and meritorious, by giving them a small Pj?c^cr,s>and Part of the Profits of their daily or weekly Earnings, to be properly applied for the Use and Benefit of l*0*lt themselves or Families, or by permitting them to work, during the Intervals of their dated Labour, for Governor and the like Use and Benefit. Storekeepers, &c.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of each of such Penitentiary Houses shall have Governor im. Power to hear all Complaints touching any of the following Offences; that is to say, Disobedience of any of the Orders of the House; Assaults by one Person confined in such House upon another, when no dangerous Wound or Bruise is given; profane Cursing and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Absence from an(i io Chapel, or irreverent Behaviour there; and Idleness or Negligence in Work, of wilful Mismanagement of offenders7 it; all which are declared to be Offences by this A£\; and the said Governor may examine any Persons touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such Offences, either by moderate Whipping,- or by ordering the Offenders to close Confinement in the Dungeons of such House, and by keeping them upon Bread and Water only, for any Term not exceeding three Days!

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender who shall be committed to any such Penitentiary House shall, during the Term for which he shall be so committed, be guilty of any Offence which the Governor of such House is not hereby authorised to punish, or for which the Punishment which such Governor is hefeby authorised to inflidl shall by such Governor be deemed not sufficient, by reason of the Enonfiity of the Offence, or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may, and he is hereby required to Commhtceat confine such Offender, either in his or her own Lodging-room, or in one of the Dungeons belonging to their next Meet-such House, till the next Meeting of the said Committee, and shall then report such Offence, with the Nature^nd particular Circumstances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee; and such Committee shall have Power to enquire of, upon Oath, and determine concerning all such Offences to reported to them as aforesaid, and shall order such Offenders to be punished, either by moderate Whipping, or repeated Whippings, by close Confinement in one of the Dungeons, with Bread and Water only for Sustenance, for any Term not exceeding one Month, or by removing such Offenders, if ranked in the fiecond-or third Class, into any prior Class, or by any or all of such Punishments; and in case of Removal

into any prior Class, the Offender shall, from the Time of making such Order of Removal, go through such prior Class, and also the subsequent Class or Classes, in the same Manner as under his or her original Commitment, and for such additional Time as such Committee shall think proper to order, so as the whole Time of Confinement, to be computed from such Order of Removal into such prior Class, to the final Discharge of the Offender, shall not exceed the original Term for which he or she was committed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever by this Act the said Committee, or any two of Any one of the them,1 are impowered or directed to make any Enquiry, or receive any Proof upon Oath, any one of the Committee miy said Committee is hereby authorised to tender and administer such Oath; and any two of the said Committee may summon, or cause to be summoned, such Witnesses as they shall think meet, to appear and give Evidence before them; and if any Person, being duly summoned, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or being piefent, and competent to be a Witness, shall refuse to be sworn. or being sworn, shall refuse to give

powered to hear Complaints of certain Offence?, and to punish the

Enormous Offenders to be confined by the Governor, and reported to the

»ng.

Committee to enquire concerning such Offences, and to punish the Offenders.

ad mini ft Oa'.h, &c.

Evidence, such Person shall forfeit any Sum not less than twenty Shillings, or more than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Committee.

XI,

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall at any Time observe, or be satisfactorily informed of, any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the Offenders under their In fir crion, they shall report the same to the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Goal Delivery, or Great Stifions, at their next or any subsequent Seffon to be holden for the County in which such Offender was convicted; ard such-Justices, if the Offender shall be committed for a certain Term of Months or Years, shall and huy, if they shall think proper, shorten the Confinement of such Offender, on Condition that Inch Of-

S if 2

Penalty on Periods furriTV'^eJ who shall i' (n(c to appe r, &c.

Cornn litre fa rerort to be Juvicer- *r the ntxt A if z :« all Off f.Jc:s who flu JI mamfc eo:-11nord:jirry Dili-fender, g«ce or Merit;

49*

who aty ' ihocten their Tine of Con-fiaement, &c.

Male Conyi^ti, after th'y are delivered to the Superintendant, /h.ri be wafinrd, and (bfiirClj.hcs changed, &c.

Ao Hospital to be provided for the 5ick, lie. {

like wife a Urge Garden for raif-log Vegetible* for the Use of the Offender?.

Offender*, in Custody of the Superintendant, to be eoiplovtd in raiGog Sand, ice. for the Benefit of the Navigation of the Thamet, dec.;

but not in delivering Ballast to Matters of Shipi.

Offender* to be fed with Bfcad, coarse Meat, dec. and Water or Small Beer.

Penalty on Persons supplying them with any other Food, Ac,

Offenders who refuse to work, or other wise mif-behave themselves, may be whipped, dec.

Every Offender, at the End of his Confinement, Dull receive a Sum of Money, not left than nos* nor more than 3l. with decent OJothing. His Majesty, on the good Ifehi-vioor of Offender*, may Shorten the Term of their Confinement.

Off ! ieri, who fli il c n'iaue in a repotjr Ser-vr- r«ar Yr-.r from the Time of their Difotif* Bon, to be in-

C. 74. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

fender, bein£ a Male, shall engage himself to fare in the Sea or Land Forces, or without any Condition, as to them in their Discretion mall feera meet; and if the Offender shall be committed for Life, in pursuance of a conditional Pardon, such Justices shall, if they think proper, report him or her to his Majesty as an Object of Royal Mercy.

L. And be it further enacted, That after the Delivery of any such Male Offender into the Custody of any such Superintendant or Superintendants as aforesaid, he shall be confined in some secure Place or Vefr fel, to be provided for the sole Purpose of receiving such Offenders on their (lift Arrival, and shall be waffled and cleaned, and his Clothes shall be burnt, if it is deemed necessary, and others provided for him; and he shall remain there for the Space of four Days at the lead, unless, during that Time, be shall be found to be infected with any putrid or contagious Fever, or other Disease; ia which Case he shall be mi- mediately sent to the Hospital or Infirmary, till such Time as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending the same shall think It safe to remove him on board one of the Vefitls appointed for the C^nhnemeat of Offenders in general, and to lodge bim among the healthy Convicts.

LI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided for the Reception of such Offenders, in the Custody of every Superintendant,* shall happen to be sick, or to be disabled by any Wound or Accident* a secure Place or Vessel, to serve as an Hospital or Infirmary, with such proper Afliftantsas may be necessary for their speedy Recovery, but the whole to be under the Charge and Controul of such Superin— tendant aforesaid, who shall be liable to answer for the Escape of gny Offender (bremoved to such Hospital or Infirmary; and there shall also be provided, by the said Superintending a large Piece of Ground, securely fenced and inclosed, for a Garden and Airing-ground, in which shall be raised proper Vegetables for the Use of the Offenders under the Custody of every such Superintending who shall be at Liberty to employ such of the invalid Offenders, recommended for that Purpose by the Surgeon or Apothecary, a*, the said Superintendant shall think proper, and for whole Escape he shall be liable to answer, in the Culture and Management of such Garden.

LII. And be it further enacted, That, subject to the Exceptions and Provisions aforesaid, every such Super intendant or Superintendants shall, during the Terra prescribed for the Imprisonment and Hard Labour of every such Offender, keep him to hard Labour, either in raising Sand, Soil, and Grave], or in top other laborious Service, for the Benefit of the Navigation of the Thames, or of such other Navigable Rivers*; Ports, Harbours, or Havens, as aforesaid, or in any other public Works upon the Banks or Shores of the: same; but when the said laborious Service shall be for the Navigation of the Thames, then at such Places only, and subject to such Limitations and Restrictions, as the Master, Wardens, and Assistantt of the Trinity-hpufc shall, from Time to Time, prescribe.

LIII. Provided nevertheless, That such Offenders shall in no Case be employed in delivering Tonnage or Ballad to Masters and Commanders of Ships, but only in digging, raifrag, and taking up the Grave), Sand, and Soil, from the Shelves and Sand-banks of the said Rivers, Ports, Harbours, or Havens, and ia discharging the same upon the Shore, above the High-water Mark, except in such Cases where any Embankment or Sea-wall shall be directed to be made or repaired, or in some other laborious Service for the Benefit of such Navigations, or for completing such other public Works as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be ordered to Hard Labour in the of such Superintendent or Superintendants as aforesaid, shall, during the Time of such Service, be fed and sustained with Bread, and any coarse Meat, or other inferior Food, and Water or Small Beer, and also clothed, at the Discretion and under the Direction of such Superintendantor Superintendantssiand such Offender shall not, during the Term of such Service, be permitted to have any other Food, Drink, o* Clothing, than such as shall be so directed; and if any Person shall supply any such Offender, at any Tima during tpe Terra of his said Service, with 4ny Drink, Food, or Clothing, other than such as shall be so directed, or with any Money, he or she so supplying shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceed- ipg tea rounds, nor under forty Shillings*

LV. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Offender, who shall be lb delivered to such Superintendant or Superintendants to be kept to Hard Labour, shall, during the Term of such Service, refute to perform any Labour authorised by this Act, or shall be guilty of any other Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful for the Superintendant or Superintendants, having the Custody of any such Offender, to order such Whipping* or other moderate Punishment, to be iufiided upon him, as may be inflicted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction for Hard Labour.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Offender, who shall be delivered to such Superintendant or Superintendants to be kept to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid, shall, at the End of the Term of such Service, and upon being restored to hit Liberty, receive from the Superintendant or Superintendants, un-t der whom he shall have so served, such Sum of Money, not being less than twenty Shillings, nor more than three Pounds, in case he hath been confined for one Year and To in Proportion for any (hotter Terra, together with such decent Clothing as the Court, into which such Returns shall be made, as herein after mentioned, shall appoint: And if any furb Offender, whilst confined to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid shall, by his Industry and other good Behaviour, shew such Signs of Reformation as shall induce the said Court to recommend him as an Object of his Majesty's Mercy, and it shall be thereupon signified, by si Letter from one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, to the Superintendant or Superintendants as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks fit, in Consideration of such good Behaviour, to shorten the Duration of such Offender’s Term, such Offender shall be accordingly set at Liberty at the Time mentioned in such Letter, and shall, together with necessary Clothing, receive a Sum of Money from his Superintendant or Superintendar ts in Proportion to the Time of his Confinement, according to the Rates aforesaid; and any such Offender so dismissed attoe End or other Determination of his Term, who shall procure any reputable Master of a Ship, or Tradesman, or other substantial House keeper, to take him into Service, or provide him with proper Employment, for one Year then next ensuing, the same to be approved by such

497

titled to a for* ther Sum of Money. Offender* labouring under acute Disteropers not to be dif-mifled, unless they desireit. Direction* relative to the Burial of Oftcodera who shall die in Custody of the Superintendent*

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74.

Superintendant or Superintendants, and who shall serve accordingly, shall be entitled, at the End of the Year, to another Sum of Money, equal to that which was allowed him at the Time of his Difmiilion.

LVII. Provided always, That no Offender shall be dismissed out of the Custody of the said Superintendant or Superinrendams, at the End or other Determination of his Term, unless at his own Request, if he shall then labour under any acute or dangerous Distemper, nor until he can be safely discharged*

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Offenders shall happen to die in the Custody of such Superintendant or Superintendants as aforesaid, they shall be buried in the most commodious Places adjacent to the several Rivers, Ports, Harbours, and Havens, in or near which they shall have been respectively employed, according to the Form for Burial prescribed by the Liturgy of the Church of England', and the necessary Charges of such Funerals, and also of the Coroners who shall (it on the Bodies of the Offenders so dying in such Custody, together with the necessary Expences of providing such Chaplains, Surgeons, and Apothecaries, as the said Superintendant or Superintendants shall find it expedient, or shall be required by the Court into which such Returns as are herein after mentioned shall be made, from Time to Time, to employ in attending the Offenders in his or their Custody or Custodies, shall be paid by such Superintendent or Superintendants, and brought tb Account in Manner herein after mentioned.

LIX. Provided always, That such Chaplains so to be employed as aforesaid shall read Morning and TkaCbaplabft Evening Prayer, and preach a Sermon after each, in every such Place of Confinement, on every Chrfflmas- Docy» day. Good-Friday, and Sunday, throughout the Year.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every such Superintendant shall, in the Custody, Treatment, and Employment of the Offenders committed to hh Care, conform to and observe the several Directions herein-trcfore given for regulating the Conduct of the Governors of the said Penitentiary Houses, so far as the Nature oTthe Service in which the said Offenders shall be employed, and their different Places and Modes of Confinement, will permit, and so far as is confident with the other Regulations and Orders contained in this Act, with respect to the said Offenders.

to the Governor* of the Penitentiary

LXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the Governors and Superintendants of the several Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Act.foall keep a regular Book or Books, for the Purposei herein after mentioned; and from thence, from Time to Time* shall make true and just Returns,

Specifying the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall be committed to their Custody, the Offences of which they shall have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was convicted| the Sentence of the Court, the Age, bodily Eftare, and Behaviour of every such ConviA while in Custody, and also the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall have died under such Custody, or shall have escaped from such Place of Confinement, or shall have been discharged from thence by Order from one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, or otherwise; which Returns shall be made, the first Day of every Term, to his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, and shall be verified on the Oath of the Person making the same.

N Person* committed to their

LXII. And be it further enacted, That a State of the Accounts of each of the said Penitentiary Houses*

shall be hid before the justices of the Peace for the County in which the same shall be situated, four Times in the Year, at their General Quarter SefSons of the Peace, and the said Accounts shall be then, or at any other adjourned Sessions to be then appointed for that Purpose, inspected, and carefully examined; and if the said Justices shall observe any notorious Waste to have happened, or any extravagant Expences to have been incurred, or any other gross Mismanagement, they shall report the same to the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, who shall immediately take Order therein, and check or redress the same.

are to report the same to the Court of Kii*’,

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to appoint one fit and able Person to be Inspector of the two Penitentiary Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and of the several Ships and Vessels, to be employed on the River Thames for the Confinement of Offenders as aforesaid, and of all other Gaols and Places of criminal Confinement within the City of London and County of Middlesex, which Inspector shall personally visit and inspeA every such Place of Confinement once at least in every Quarto of a Yean, or oifrener, if Occasion shall require, and shall diligently examine into the several Particulars herein-before directed to be returned to his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, and also into the State of the Buildings the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of the several Earnings and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement, and shall make a faithful Report of the same to both Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of every Session, and a Mb in Matters of extreme or pressing Necessity, shall and may make a special Report thereof to the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, who shall immediately take Order therein, and regulate or redress the same: and such Inspector shall continue in Rich Office during his Majesty's Pleasure, and shall receive such Salary as his Majesty shall appoint, not exceeding two hundred Pounds par Annum.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, not hereinbefore special Jy provided for, shall be annually laid before the rioufe of Commons, and after deduAin* thereout the Nett Profits, if any, arising from the Earnings of the Offenders who shall be kept to H*a Labour in any of the Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this A A, shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to his Majesty by Parliament.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall he ordered to Hard Labour in any of the Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Act, instead of being capitally punished, shall, at any Time during she Term for which he or foe shall be so ordered t* Confinement, break Prison, or

3 efittpc

Superintend*!*, in Um Treatment and Employment of Offender*, to pb-serve the Direr- > tions before given House», &c.

Governor* and Superintendents to keep tegalat Book*} from which Retnrms art to be made* the first Day of ewy Term, 10 the Court of King* Bench, specifying the Name* and Offence*, Re. of alt Custody.

A State of the Account of each Penitentiary Hoefe to be laid before every Qo irter Sessionv for the County % who, it they observe aoy notorious Waste, Ac*

His Majesty may appoint an In-

foeftor of the Penitentiary Housei, &c. f who shall visit and’inspect every foeh Place of Confinement once a an t make t itbful Report of the State thereof ? both F* > wc* of Par-at the Bepittr Iryf of every Stflhn. Etcpmcei of executing thSa AO to be laid annually before the Hroic of Comn.oAs, &c. Puniftiwem of ^ons ordered to hard Labour who Aail break

498 C. 74. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Prison, or escape from lavrful Custody.

If any Person shall rescue, or attempt to ref-cue, any Offender ordered to hard Labour;

or any Perron having the Custody of foeh Offender shall to* Juntarily permit his Escape, or any other Person shall be (lifting the rein; every such Person shall be guilty of Felony.

Method of Trial and Conviction of Offenders for making Escape, or breaking Prison $ and of Per-fooa for assisting the rein*

Pemlties of this A£\ how to be recovered and appl.cJ,

Allrwar.ee to be mode to the County of M d-dlrftx for their ditpreportonatc Expences,

Regulation re-

lat ve to the Lodaingi of the Jue^s at County Allies.

escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Offender, he or she so breaking Prison or escaping, shall be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; but in case he or she so breaking Prison, or escaping, hath been ordered to Hard Labour instead of Transportation, he or she shall be punished by an Addition of three Years to the Term for which he or she, at the Time of his or her Breach of Prison, or Escape, was subject to be confined; and if such Person, so punished by such Addition to the Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be convicted of a second Escape, or Breach^of Prison, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refeue any Offender, who by Force of this Act, or any Part of it, shall be ordered to Hard Labour, in any Place of Confinement appointed by virtue of this Act, either during the Time of his or her Conveyance to the Place appointed for such Hard Labour, or whilst such Offender shall be in the Custofty of the Person or Persons under whose Care and~ Charge he or she shall be so confined; or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in any such Refeue; every such Person so refeuing, aiding, or assisting, shall be guilty of Fdony, and may be ordered to Hard Labour in any Place of Confinement appointed by virtue of this Act, for any Term not less than one, nor exceeding five Years: And if any Person having the Custody of any such Offender.as aforesaid, or being employed by the Person having such Custody, as a Keeper, Under-keeper, Turnkey, Assistance, or Guard, shall voluntarily permit such Offender to escape; or if any Person whatsoever shall, by supplying Arms, Tools, or Instruments of Disguise, or otherwise, be in any Manner aiding and assisting to any such Offender in any Escape, or in any Attempt to make an Escape, though no Escape be actually made, or shall attempt to refeue any such Offender, or be aiding and assisting in any such Attempt, though no Refeue be actually made, every such Person so permitting, attempting, aiding, or assisting, shall be.guilty of Felony; and if any Person having such Custody, or being so employed by the Person having such Custody as aforesaid, shall negligently permit any Aicfy Offender to escape, /uefy Person so permitting shall be guilty of a, Misdemeanor; and, being lawfully convicted of the same, shall be liable;to Fine or Imprisonment, or to* both, at the Discretion of the Court.

LXVII. And, to the Intent that the Prosecutions for Escapes, Breaches of Prison, and Rescues, may be

carried on with as little Trouble and Expence as is possible ;’ be it further enacted, That any Offender

escaping, breaking Prison, or being refeued, in Manner aforesaid, may and shall be tried before the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Sessions for the County where he or (be shall be apprehended and retaken; and in case of any Prosecution for any such Escape, Attempt.to escape,^ Breach of Prison, or Refeue, either against the Offender escaping, or attempting to escape, or having broke Prison, or been refetfed, or against any other Person or Persons concerned therein, or aiding, abetting, or assisting the same, a Copy, properly atteiled, of the Certificate herein-before directed to be given to the Sheriff or Gaoler by the Clerk of the Assize, or other Clerk for the Time being of the Court in which such Offender shall be convicted, and by such Sheriff or Gaoler to be delivered, together with the Offender, to such Governor or Superintendant as aforesaid, and by such Governor or Superintendant to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, to be filed with the Records of the Sessionsi shall, after Proof made that the Person then in Question before the Court is the same that was delivered with such Certificate, be sufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury* not only of the Nature and Fail, of the Conviction, itself, *and the Species of Confinement to which such Person was ordered, but also that the Person then in Question is the same that was so convicted, and ordered to such Confinement.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalties created by this Act, for the Recovery of which no Mode is herein-before prescribed, shall be recoverable before two or more Justices of the' Peace in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, dr Place^ in which the Offence shall be committed,* onTnKjf of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of t>rfe or^hftore credible Wirf.efs or T Witnesses, or on Confession of the Offender; and one Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Use of the Pen!- ttfntiary House, or other Place of Confinement, to which the Offence more immediately relates, and the other. Moiety to the Informer' or Informers prosecuting for the same ;land in case of Nonpayment* shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands* and Seals of such Justices; apd the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty,- and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Distress the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or PJace, for such Tqrm, not exceeding six Months, nor less than, one Month, as such Justices shall think, most proper.

LXIX. Providedt always, and be.vk further enacted, That in Confidefetion of the great and disproportionate Expences which the County of Middlesex will probably incur, in providing for the temporary Reception and Maintenance of great Numbers of Offenders as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue and allow to the Treasurer of the fain County of J^diddkfex^ from Time to Time,.till such Certificate shall ;be made as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear 4to be reasonable, in Aid of such extraordinary Expences, not exceeding the Sum of three hundred Pounds for one Year and so in Proportion for any, longer or (liorter.Time.

LXX. And whereas the Courts of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for several Counties*t large in this Kingdom, are often htlfl j-ft or ihear, Cities or Towns that are Counties of themselves, and at the same Time with the like Courts/drithe said Cities pr Towns; and Inconvenien-

cies frequently arise, in transarSfing the Business of the several Courts, for that the Lodgings of the Judges

aie situate either only in the County at large, or only in the County of such City or fl own;’ be it therefore turther enacted, That whenever the Courts of Assize,' Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for any C°u;Hy aslftr.ge; m ^hat Part of Great Mritf/m called England, shall be held in or 1 c -r any City or Town, font is also.a, Cpunvy.o( itself, ^and at the fa i>e-Time with the like-or any of the like Courts for the said Cj{y wJ.kWbiVW Lo&VW of the Judges Judge ukcjLto.be V-tu *ie

2 £ bo.h

1C

j j

499

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 75, 76.

both within the County at large, and also within the County of such City or Town, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, an^of transacting the Rufinei* of the Assizes for such County at large, and fur the County of such City or Town, during the Tune that such Judge or Judges shall continue therein for the Execution of-their several Commissions.

LXXI. And be it further tjnactedf That if any Suit or Action shall be prufecured against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue,* and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the Authority of this Act*; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall becotpe Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Actinn or Actions, after' Hue joined; or if, on Demurrer, or other, wile. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendant? shall Recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same a4* any Defendants have by Law in other cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for any Plaintiff, in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge, before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall he laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within six Months after the Fact committed., and not otherwise.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made and passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise* for a limited Time, the Punifrnent by Hard Labour of Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations; and which was continued by two subsequent Acts, the one made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the other in this present Session of Parliament, till the first Day of Jfdy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall, with regard to such Offenders whole respective Terms of Confinement under and by virtue of the said Acts are subsisting and unexpired at the passing of this Act, continue and remain in Force till the End or other Determination of their said respective Terms; the Time limited for the Expiration of the said Acts, or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding; save only that such Offenders so confined shall, from and after the said first Day of July, be subject to the Orders and Regulations herein-before contained, instead of those contained in the said former Act. -

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the first Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; except with regard to Offenders whose respective Term9 of Confinement under and by virtue of this Act shall be then subsisting and unexpired, with regard to whom it shall contirmein Force till *he End or other Determination of their respective Terms.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty's Navy, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament,* Persons under certain Descriptions are protected from being impressed into his Majesty's Service at Sea: And whereas it is equally just and expedient that such Protections should not be used to obstruct the public Defence in an arduous and difficult Coo- jundlure;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and Security of the Coal Trade), as grants any Exemption or Protection to any Apprentice or other Person from being impressed, or permitted or suffered to lift or enter into his Majesty's Sea Service; and also one Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels); and also so much of an Act passed in the second Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof and to proto ft and encourage Fishermen), as grants any Protection to be Persons therein described from being impiefled into his Majesty's Service at Sea; and also so much of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Support and Efabiifmnent of the Greenland and Whale Fifjery), as grants the like Protection to the Persons therein described, shall be, and the same are h;reby declared and enacted to* be of no Force and Effect, for and during the Space of five Calendar Months, to be computed from the* sixteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

II. Provided nevertheless, That the Suspension of the above-mentioned Acts, so far as they relate to Persons serving on board of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade, shall not continue longer than one Calendar Month, to be computed from the sixteenth Day of June aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be sued or molested for taking and impressing, or causing to be taken and impressed, within the Time aforesaid, any Person or Persons for his Majesty's Service at Sea, contrary to the Provisions of the before recited Acts, or any of them.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for augmenting the Militia.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, dje everal Laws now in being relating to

fit*

the

Persons prosecuted under this Act may plead the General, Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

Limitation of Actions.

So much of 16 Geo. III. Cap. 43, continued at relates to the Terms of Confinement of Offenders unexpired at the pairing of this Act.

Continuance of this Act.

[Preamble.]

Part of an Act*

a Annx, for In* crease of Seamen, &c.; and 1.3 Geo. flr Cap. 17. 5 and Pair of 1 Geo. III. Caps

and Part of 11 Geo. III. Cap.

lu/pended for f Mon hs, from June 16, *779*

Erception in favour of Persons employed in the Coal Trade.

No Person to be molrfted for iro-pressing, within the Time af te-said, cor.trary to the recited Act a.

[Preamble.]

Recital of tha Militia Act 'a Geo. UhiT

500

and iSOeo.ni,

Cap. Jf.

Lord Lieutenants impowered to accept ef Volunteer Con. panics, and to appoint Ofioera therein*

Sack Companies to be intitled to the same P»y, &c. at the other Militia Forces. Aofmented Regiments not to be made two Battalions. Volunteer Companies to be subject to all the laws. Regulations, &c. now In Force relating to the Militia;

and to be reduced when the Militia dull be disembodied, dtc.

Contiaewaef this Act.

C. 77, 78. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

raising and training thi Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England j it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised, by virtue of the said Act, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall consist of the Numbers therein particularly mentioned: And whereas, in the present Situation of public Affairs, it is highly necessary and expedient that the Number of the Militia Forces should be augmented: And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fesuible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Lieutenants to authorise the Acceptance of any Number of Volunteer* in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and to appoint Officers to command such Volunteers, provided the Number of such Volunteers does not exceed the Complement of any one Company in any such Regiment or Battalion: And whereas it may be expedient further to extend the Provisions of the said Act with refbed to the raising Volunteer Companies. 4 in the Militia Forces of this Kingdom be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-fern Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons, properly qualified according to the Laws now in Force, shall offer to his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County to raise one or more Company or Companies to be added to the Regiment or Battalion of any County or Riding, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenant to accept such Offers, and to appoint such Officers accordingly; and shall certify to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Names and Rattles of such Officers, within one Month after they shall be so appointed; and in case his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, within one Month after such Certificate laid before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors* ligntly his or their Disapprobation of any Person to be such Officer in the Militia, his Majesty's Lieutenant shall not grant a Commission to such Person, but shall grant Commissions to such Persons so appointed who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid; and on the Certificate of his Majesty's Lieutenant, or of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company or Companies shall he annexed, that such Company or Companies are ideally raised, such Company or Companies shall be intitled to the same Allowance of Bounty, Subsistence Money, Arms, and Clothing, as the rest of his Majesty's Militia Forces in this Kingdom.

II. And be it enacted, That when any such Companies of Volunteers shall be added to any Regiment, such Addition shall not make it necessary to separate such Regiment into two Battalions, but such Regiment shall remain and continue one Regiment.

III. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the several Laws, and all the Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, ClaUfesy Matters, and Things therein contained, and now in Force, or which shall be passed in this Session of Parliament, relative to the raising, training, paying, clothing, embodying, and calling out, the Militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, with respect to the additional Volunteer Companies by this Act direided to be raised, in as.full and ample Manner as if the said several Laws, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were herein again at large repeated and rc-enacted in the Body of this present Act; save and except so far as the same are altered by any Provisions contained in thirAd.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Volunteer Companies which (half be raised in pursuance of this Act, shall be reduced and dissolved whenever the Militia of the Counties, Ridings, and Places, in which such Companies shall be raised, shall be disembodied, or at such earlier Period as his Majesty shall signify his Pleasure to reduce such Companies.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue in Force until the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildart and his Sureties, and for vesting the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble reciting several Bonds entered into by James Gildart, and his Sureties. A Writ of Extent issued by the Court of Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to compound with Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart, for the Money remaining due to the Crown from James Gildart, as Receiver-general of the Land Tax, &c- for Lancashire, or from his Sureties. All the Estates, both real and personal, which James Gildart was possessed of or intitled to at the filing out of the Extent; and also the Estates which were devised as aforesaid by Richard Gildart, are veiled in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart 5 subject to the Payment of the Composition herein mentioned for the Debts aforesaid. Upon Payment of the Composition above-mentioned, or giving Security for the same, the said Estates to be absolutely vested in them and their Heirs, freed from all Debts due from James Gildart to the Crown, 41 and from the Bonds entered into by his Sureties. Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart impowered to bring Actions for recovering Possession of Premises, &c. After Payment of, or giving Security for the Composition herein mentioned, the aforesaid Estates veiled in Francis and Thomas Gildart, and any Estate which James Gildart may hereafter acquire, and also his several Sureties, are freed and discharged of the aforesaid Debts due to the Crown. General Saving."

---

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham; for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River; and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over the same more commodious.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE,

Anno vicesimo GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the SIXTH Session of the FOURTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twentieth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 20 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, at the Town of New Alresford, in the said County.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

4. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels for a limited Time.

5. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

6. An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts.

7. An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

8. An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths as required; and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Qualifications by such Officers of the Militia; and for obliging the Captain Lieutenant to deliver in a Description of his Qualification.

9. An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India Goods condemned as Prize at any Outport to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

10. An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements.

11. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

15. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Cemetery, or Church-yard; and for building an House for the use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex; as Empowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground, in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Portman Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close, called The Fifteen Acres.

16. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

17. An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections.

18. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying, Coin out of this Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, Ireland, of such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from, Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas.

19. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the free importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

20. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

21. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

22. An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor, in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

23. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy, and for making further Provisions for those Purposes.

24. An Act for converting into Money the Statute Labour, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry.

25. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a limited Time.

26. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan.

27. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements; and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place.

29. An Act to protect Goods or Merchandise, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hostilities.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom.

31. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty.

32. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex.

33. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

34. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to the Isle of Man.

35. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons taking in, vending or selling of Coffee, Tea or Chocolate.

36. An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the binding and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts; and for ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children born in the Houses of Industry within such Hundreds or Districts.

37. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

38. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

39. An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restriction, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities.

40. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the fifteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen in lieu of Somerset House, and for other Purposes, as enables the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for completing Somerset House, out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or out of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act.

41. An Act to continue an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

42. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man; and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said Island.

43. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

44. An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia; and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing in and Inrolment of Militia Men, Substitutes and Volunteers, in Cases where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being, relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively; to declare valid and effectual the Commissions granted by Deputy Lieutenants, in the Absence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, to Officers commanding Volunteer Companies; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants and Officers who have granted, or acted under such Commissions; and to enlarge the Powers of Deputy Lieutenants in certain Cases.

45. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British or Foreign Vessels from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

46. An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from Great Britain, to certain Towns, Ports or Places, in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms; and from such Towns, Ports or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

47. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

48. An Act for repairing, lighting, watching and cleansing the High Street or Road, called Goswell Street, leading from Aldersgate Bars, without Aldersgate, London, in the House of Woodhouse Coker Gentleman, near the Turnpike at the End of the said Street or Road, in the County of Middlesex; and also Bull Yard, Glasshouse Yard, the North Side of Fan's Alley, Mount Mill and Willow Court, contiguous to the said Street or Road, on the East and West Sides thereof; and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

49. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Dock, Ships and Stores at Chatham.

50. An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act made in the eight Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the quartering of Soldiers during the time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited time.

51. An Act for repealing an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses to Hire, for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

52. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

53. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans on Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

54. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

55. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool, and other Articles, to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

56. An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a further time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for reviving and continuing for a further time, so much of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well as India as in Europe, as hath expired in the Course of the present Year; and for indemnifying the said Company for any Money they have paid or may pay, in or about the Building of three Ships of the Line for the Service of the Public.

57. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for granting further time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Europa, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

59. An Act to impower His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, for a limited time.

60. An Act to explain and amend two Acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries.

61. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

62. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

63. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the public peace.

64. An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections.

65. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Cifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for granting other Powers of those Purposes; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the Manor of Kighley, in the said County.

66. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other open Passages and Places, within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the Highway Rates with other Rates within the said Hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon otherwise Whitechapel, in the said County, and removing a Bar now standing across the same, and other Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

67. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intitulated, An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post, near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick.

68. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts, made in the first and sixteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe, and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

69. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford; and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mils Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree near the City of Oxford, over Gosford otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weston on the Green in the said County; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same county, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford.

70. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Simond's Hall Down, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common; and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash; and from the said Turnpike Road to Taylor's Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourn Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to a Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester; and for repealing the Laws now in force relating to the said Roads.

72. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, And Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleasley, Glapwell, Heath and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hasland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

73. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby; and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to New Haven, and from The Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from The Cross Post as Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel en le Frith, at or near Longston, in the County of Derby, and from Selston to Annesley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham.

75. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, amend and make effectual, an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby Lane and Baumber Fields to The Wolds, or North-East Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from The Well, in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North West End of Horncastle, and from The Guide Post, at the East End of Hainton, through Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act.

76. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes, within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, in the County of Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to the Town of Bishops Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid, through Droxford, Exton, Warnford, Westmeon and Rumsdream Bottom, to Chawton Pond in the Parish of Chawton, in the said county.

78. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the sixteen Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and several other Purposes in the said first mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Gray's Inn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to Paddington.

79. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford; and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teign Bridge, in the County of Devon; and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty second of His late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads.

80. An Act to continue, enlarge and render more effectual, the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the eighteenth and thirty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County, on Edgehill aforesaid.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester and Rutland, and through Rockingham to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

82. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the first and second Years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willougby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urshfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County Wilts.

83. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Malling, near the Town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge; and from thence, through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex.

84. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough; and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Avening, to Minchinhampton Common; and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester.

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the twenty sixth of His late Majesty, and the fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Malet, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Road from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn, and from Chilkwell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County.

86. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying some of the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York; and for making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Welherby to Grassington, in the County of York.

87. An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Eleventh and twenty seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing, amending and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizerghfellside, to Leveu's Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Millthorp, to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthorp aforesaid to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from The Guide Post, in Winestead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York; and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven.

90. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

91. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross, at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road.

92. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate in the County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from thence to the Great Western Road between a Place called Thickthorne and Cashmore Inn, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Division of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act.

93. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Symonds Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately stood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bouldown Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tiltups Inn; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howells Down, across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to Lampern Hill; and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road near the Latterwood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid; all in the said County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guildeford, to The Directing Post near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey.

97. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y Cafn and Conway; and from Wrexham to Ruthin, Denbigh and Rhyddlan, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint and Carnaryon, as relates to the Road from Wrexham to Denbigh.

98. An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street, to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry; all in the said County.

99. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty eight Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road, on Borough Heath, in the said County.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 20 Georgii III.

1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Scarrington and Aslacton, in the County of Nottingham.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, in Stonesby, in the County of Leicester.

3. An Act to enable Mary Ruck Spinster, notwithstanding her Minority, to convey, assign and settle her Real and Personal Estate on her intended Marriage with Benjamin Keene Esquire.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Leckford Abbotts, and Abbess, in the County of Southampton.

5. An Act to enable Richard Bourne Esquire, his first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to assume and use the Name, and bear the Arms of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, deceased.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Salomon Balthasar Sontag.

7. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of Huntingdon.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Staveley, in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Fields Lands, Brecks, Commons and Wastes, within the Parish of Heacham, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for dividing, alloting and inclosing the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and also certain Commons, Severals and Wastes, within the Parish of Tottenhill with West Briggs, in the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Legburn, in the County of Lincoln.

12. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, Thwaites and Newsholme, in the Parish of Kighley, and County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Matlock, in the County of Derby.

14. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Wilts.

15. An Act for dividing and enclosing all and every the Commons, Moors and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and exchanging the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pastures, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of Gloucester.

17. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Cazenove and David Duval.

18. An Act for naturalizing Bartholemew Huber.

19. An Act to effect an Exchange between Sir James Peachy Baronet, and others, Trustees of an Almshouse of Charity, at Petworth, in the County of Sussex, and George Obrien Earl of Egremont, of certain Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Charity, for other Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of Egremont.

20. An Act for establishing and confirming and Agreement made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich, and Robert Fellowes, Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk.

21. An Act for vesting absolutely One Third Part of Three Crofts of Land, and the Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of Layton otherwise Low Layton, in the County of Essex (devised by the Will of John Smith deceased, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Swithin and Saint Peter in Eastgate in the City of Lincoln), in Trustees to be sold to Samuel Bosanquet Esquire, and for laying out the Money thereby arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled and assured for the Benefit of the Poor aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will.

22. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates, late of John Norris Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Money to discharge the Legacies given by his Will, and the Codicils thereto, remaining unsatisfied; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of East Farndon in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Grendon, in the County of Northampton.

26. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, Carrs and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and within the Manor and Parish of Tiffield, in the County of Northampton.

28. An Act for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Common and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields, and Half Year Lands, lying within the Parishes of Salthouse and Kelling, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and allotting certain Warrens, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands and Commonable Grounds, within the said Parishes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, in the Parishes of Northill and Sandy, in the County of Bedford.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Northwood or Northwood Common, in the Township of Noke, in the Parish of Pembridge, and County of Hereford.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Teirtriff, and also a certain Parcel of Open Common and Waste Lands called Gwernymynydd, within the Manor of Hopton, in the County of Montgomery.

32. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Common Fields within the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex.

33. An Act to enable James Bigot Esquire, an Infant (lately called James Godin), and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other Persons who shall become intitled to the Estates late of Peter Bigot Esquire, deceased, under the Limitations contained in his Will, to take and use the Surname of Bigot, pursuant to his said Will.

34. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Haldimand.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting and enclosing, the Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Finders, in the Parish of Mickleover, and County of Derby.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within the Parishes of Warminster and Corsley, in the County of Wilts; and for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Oldswinford, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove in the County of Derby.

39. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Lochee.

40. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates settled by the Will of the Most Noble Robert late Duke of Ancaster and Kesleven, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act to enable John Ord Esquire, and John Tyton Esquire, Trustees named in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable Thomas Onslow with Arabella his now Wife, to sell the Rents, Services, Duties, Reliefs, Heriots and other Dues and Payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the Tenants of the several Manors or Lordship comprised in the said Settlement, and to enfranchise the Copyhold Tenements held of such Manors or Lordships, and for laying out the Money which shall arise by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses to which the said Manors or Lordships do now stand settled.

42. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the Right Honourable Horatio Lord Walpole, and Thomas William Coke Esquire, of divers Lands in the County of Norfolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of the said Horatio Lord Walpole, and devised by the Will of Thomas Earl of Leicester, deceased; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party to such and the same Uses as the Lands for which the same are exchanged stood settled and limited.

43. An Act for vesting certain Messuages in the City of London, Part of the Estates late of Charles Lord Viscount Irwyn, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

44. An Act for vesting the Real Estates, late of Roger Gee, of Bishop Burton in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates of Thomas More Molyneux Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as now remain unsatisfied.

46. An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities established by the Settlements and Will of Henry Raine Esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, Monies and Funds, granted, assigned, settled and given, for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Charities, to them and their Successors, in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses and Purposes in the said Settlements and Will expressed, and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Charities.

47. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Copley Esquire, in Trustees, for a Term of One thousand Years, in Trust, to raise, by way of Mortgage thereof, a Sum of Money, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands, called The South Heaths and The North Heath, in the Parish of Wellbourn cum Sapperton, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shennington, in the County of Gloucester.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Stratton Audley in the County of Oxford, and Coversfield in the County of Bucks.

51. An Act to enable John Ingilby Esquire (lately called John Wright), to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Ingilby, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Ingilby Baronet, deceased.

52. An Act to enable Richard Gee the younger, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Nicholas Hackes Carew, Baronet, deceased.

53. An Act for rendering effectual an Act made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Wittington, in the County of Salop.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk.

55. An Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Moss otherwise Moseley, in the Parish of Campsall, and also the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the parish of Kirk Bramwith in the West Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, known by the Name of the Palace of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Two Closes near thereto adjoining, in Trust, to sell the same, and for disposing of, and applying the Money to arise thereby, and received on account of the Dilapidations thereof, and other Money, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Lincoln (which, by the Will of Thomas Humberston Esquire, deceased, were devised to Thomas Frederick Mackenzie Humberston Esquire, for his Life, with several Remainders over in Strict Settlement), in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling the same, and laying out the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of certain other Hereditaments, Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Kenneth Mackenzie, Earl of Scaforth in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled to the Uses to which the Estates intended to be sold now stand limited.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Thrapston, in the County of Northampton.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Brixworth otherwise Briclesworth, in the County of Northampton.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township of Grewelthorp, in the West Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Little Catworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Vicesimo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-fifth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; being the sixth Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, at the Town of New Alresford, in the said County.

[Preamble; reciting an Act 8 Geo. II.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, it is enacted, That when and as often as any Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament shall be appointed to be made, the Secretary at War, or the Person who shall officiate in the Place of the Secretary at War, shall, at some convenient Time before the Day appointed for such Election, issue and fend forth proper Orders for the Removal of all Soldiers, who shall be quartered or billetted in any City, Borough, Town, or Place, where such Election shall be appointed to be made, out of every such City, Borough, Town, or Place, one Day at least before the Day appointed for such Election, to the Distance of two or more Miles from such City, Borough, Town, or Place, and not to make any nearer Approach thereto, until one Day at the least after the Poll to be taken at such Election shall be ended, and the Poll Books closed, under certain Penalties and Disabilities in the said Act mentioned:

[and 7 & 8 Gul. III.]

And whereas by an Act, made in the seventh and eighth Years of King William the Third, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in electing and returning such Members, it is enacted, That upon every Election of any Knight of the Shire, the Sheriff shall hold his County Court at the most public and usual Place of Election, and where the same has been usually held for forty Years: And whereas an Election is soon to be held for a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, and, if not otherwise provided for, will be held at the City of Winchester (being the usual Place for holding Elections for the said County), at which Place many French and Spanish Prisoners are now confined, for the safe keeping of which a Number of Troops or Soldiers are absolutely necessary, and cannot be removed from thence without manifest Danger as well to the Inhabitants of the said City, and all Persons resorting thereto, as to the Public in general:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The ensuing Election for Hampshire to be held at New Alresford, instead of Winchester.]

That the said Election shall be begun and held at the Town of New Alresford, in the said County of Southampton; and that the County Court for the said County at which the said Election shall be made (whether the same County Court be holden by Adjournment, or otherwise) shall be holden at the said Town of New Alresford, and not at Winchester aforesaid; and the Adjournment of the said County Court, if any such has been made, and is now depending, to the said City of Winchester, or any other Place, shall be deemed and taken to be legally made to the said Town of New Alresford; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Sheriff of the said County, or his Deputy, are hereby authorised and required to adjourn the Poll, from the said Town of New Alresford, to Newport in the Isle of Wight, in the Manner directed in and by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members, in relation to adjourning the Poll from the said City of Winchester.

502 C. 2 - 7. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

[4s.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine organxined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

[Further continued till March 25, 1781.]

CAP. V.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

[Further continued till January 1, 1781.]

---

[Preamble.]

So much of my Britishi A Act of Parliament at prohibit or restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland to Foreign Parts, repealed.

So much of 19 Geo. IT. Cap. 12. as relates to the Esportation of Glass from Ireland, repealed.

[Preamble.]

*8 Geo. III. Cap. 58, recited.

CAP. VI.

An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain; which restrain the Trade and" Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts.

WHEREAS, in order to promote and advance the Welfare and Prosperity of his Majest/s Kingdom of Ireland, it is expedient that certain Acts of Parliament, formerly made in Great Britain, which lay Restraints upon the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, respecting the Articles herein after mcn-tioned, should be repealed/ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England; and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain, which prohibit or in any Manner restrain the Exportation of Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth-serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or Wool Flocks, from the Kingdom of Ireland into Foreign Parts, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors*, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Monies advanced rupon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament 5 as relates to the Exportation of Glass, Glass Bottles, or Glass of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever* from or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and explain so much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance ef Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain; it was among other Things enacted, That- from and after the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Sugar or raneles shall be imported into Great Britain, from any British Colony or Plantation in America, without, or which shall not be included in the Certificate required in and by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, that then, and in either such Case, all such Sugar and Paneles shall be deemed and taken to be foreign Sugar and Paneles, and shall be liable to the same Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as Sugar and Paneles of the Growth, Produce* 4 or Manufacture, of any French Colony or Plantation, would be respectively liable to by Law; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, and may arise, from the taking away, by the

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 8.

said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, the discretionary Power, which was formerly vested in the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs by the said Ail of the fourth of his present Majesty, to dispense with the said Certificate \ for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice anjl Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Sugar or Paneles shall be imported into Great Britain, from any British Colony or Plantation in America, without, or which shall not »e included in the Certificate required by the said Ail of the fourth of his present Majesty, and it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London or Edinburgh. respectively, that the Goods are really and truly the Produce of any British Plantation or Colony in America, and that no Fraud was intended, it shall and may in such Case be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to permit the said Goods to be entered, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, any Thing in the said Ail, of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas several Parcels of Sugar have been imported into this Kingdom, from several of the c British Colonies or Plantations in America, since the said first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-nine, without, or which are not included in the Certificate required by the said Act of the fourth of his present Majesty; Part of which Sugar now remains secured in Warehouses under his Majesty's Locks, and othetr rare thereof hath been delivered upon the Merchants depositing the French Duties in the Hands of the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs till such Certificate could be produced, and

other Part which hath been lately so imported is not yet entered: And whereas, from the present State of public Affairs in the West Indies, it is now impracticable to produce the Certificates for such Sugar* for want of which, unless Relief is granted by Parliament, the said Sugar is liable to the same Duties, Restrictions, Regulainns, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Sugar of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any French Colony or Plantation, notwithstanding the same is really the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America:’ For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, to permit the said Sugar so secured in Warehouses, or not entered, to be entered and delivered, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties for the Quantity landed, and the Difference of the Duties so deposited to be returned, upon the Proof herein before required and directed; any Thing in the said Act, of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding.

503

Sugar or Paneles

from British America may be entered on Payment f British Plantation Duties, without the Certificate required by an At\ 4 Geo. III.

How Commissioners of the Customs are to act relative to Sugar irr ported from America fir.re March I, *779.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths as required; and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Qualifications by such Officers of the Militia*, and for obliging the Captain Lieutenant to deliver in a Description of his Qualification.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom \ and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every Officer then holding or then after accepting a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, is required, before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or within six Months after such Acceptance, to deliver in his or their several respective Qualification or Qualifications, agreeable to the Directions of an Act made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raffing and

[Preamble.]

Recital of Cap. 72, of the last Session j

and 18 Geo. III. Cap. 59.

Of the County, in the Militia whereof such Officer shall serve, a true Description of hi> Qualification, and also a Certificate of his having taken the Oaths required: And whereas, by Reason of such Officers being upon Duty, and at a Distance from their respective Counties, many of them have omitted to deliver in their respective Qualifications, and to transmit such Description and Certificate as aforesaid, whereby they are or may be liable to the Penalties imposed determined by the said Acts for such Neglect or Omission Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any such Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, or Officer of Militia, shall have neglected or omitted to deliver in his or their several respective Qualification or Qualifications, or to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, in the Militia whereof such Officer shall feive, a true Description of his Qualification for holding such respective Commission, and also a Certificate of his having taken the Oaths required, such Officer or Officers, notwithstanding such Omission or Neglect, shall be, and are hereby indemnified from the Penalties imposed by the said recited Acts for such Omission or Neglect 5 and all Acts done by them, in virtue of their respective Commissions as Officers in the Militia, are hereby directed to be valid and of full Effect; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Officer now holding or hereafter accepting a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, or Captain Lieutenant, excepting only Inch Captain Lieutenants

Militia Officer*, who have re* glebed to deliver in their Qualifications, gcc. are indemnified, and their AiU valid.

Officers to deliver in their Qualifications before March 1, 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

SO 4

C.

9*

A.D. 1780.

as have afled as such before the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, ir% the Militia, not having already transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, in the Militia whereof such Officer shall serve, a true Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission, according to the Directions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall, on or before the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or within six Months after having accepted any such Commission in future, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, in the Militia whereof such Officer shall serve* a true Description of his Qualification for holding Aich Commission as aforesaid; and in case any fuel* Officer shall negle<3 or omit to transmit such Description of his Qualification, every such Officer so omitting or neglecting shall be liable to the Penalties imposed by the said Acts for such Neglect or Omission.

Fmn-blt*

Geo. III. Cap. -15.

19 Geo. III.

Cap. j.

The above recited Acts extended to oil Spanish Fiize« taken tince June »8, 17-9, or which may be t.*ken dunng the present Fkfli-JUtics.

Clause ref afire to the Fayn ent of Duties for Prizes* condemned in his Majesty's Dominiunt beyond Sea*

Pa»t of the recited Act of !a fb SelBon icpealed.

CAP. IX.

An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods, and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India Goods condemned as Prize at any Out-port to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation > and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council dated the eighteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, was pleased to order that general Reprizals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the King of Spain; and that, as well all his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque or General Reprizals, or otherwise, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, (half and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the King of Spain, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the King of Spain, and bring the same to Judgment in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas it is expedient that the several Provisions of two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and the other made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom, should be extended in like Manner to all Prize Goods which have been,

or may be taken from the Spaniards in pursuance of his Majesty's said Order in Council, subject never- theless to such Alterations and Regulations as are herein after prescribed * May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, and all the Articles, Clauses, and Provisions therein (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all Prize Goods and Ships or Vessels which have been taken from the Spaniards since the eighteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or which hereafter may be taken during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with Spain, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission or other Authority from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, for that Purpose.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any foreign Ship or Vessel hath been or shall hereafter be taken, during the present Hostilities, and condemned as Prize in any of his Majesty's Dominions out of this Kingdom, the Duty due and payable by Law for such Ship or Vessel shall be paid, upon her first Arrival at any Port in this Kingdom, to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at such Port, by the Mailer, Owner, or Consignee, of such Ship or Vessel, whether the same shall have been, sold by the Captors after Condemnation, or otherwise; and that no foreign-built Ship or Vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the Privilege of a Brhilh- built Ship or Vessel, until such Duty is paid for the same: And it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs to flop and detain such Ship or Vessel at any Port in Great Britain, until the said Duty is paid as aforesaid; and in case Payment thereof shall not be made for the Space of three Calendar Months after the Arrival of such hip or Vessel at any Port in this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Materials, Apparel, and *furniture, to be sold publicly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first so the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorised by such Proprietor to receive the fi.me.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the herein-before recited Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as enadb, That if any Tea, or other East India Goods* which are or may be liable to any Dut es ad valorem, which shall be taken and condemned as Prize, shall be exported from this Kingdom to Ireland, the Certificates, Cocquets, and other Documents, shall expufs the Price or Value at which such Goods were sold by the Captors or their Agents upon Condemnation, and that such Cocquets and other Documents shall have the same Force and Effe6f, to all Intents and Pur-*pofea whatsoever, upon the Importation of such Goods into Ireland, as if the said Goods had been imported

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 9.

5°5

by and sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies> shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

IV. And whereas Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies taken as Prize, have been, and may, during the present Hostilicies with France or Spain, be carried into some of the Out- ports of th’S Kingdom and condemned; and from the Inexperience of the Officers of the Customs at such c Ports, Difficulties have arisen in computing and charging the Duties thereon :* For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in ail Cases where such Goods shall be carried into any Out-port in this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize, Bond, with sufficient Security, shall be given to his Majesty, in Treble the Value of such Goods, that the same shall be brought to London, and delivered to his Majesty's Warehouse-keeper, at the Custom-house for the Port of London, to be deposited by him in Warehouses provided at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, and approved of by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them; and with further Condition to produce a Certificate from such Warehouse-keeper, within three Months from the Date of such Bond, that the Goods have been delivered accordingly; which Security the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port from whence such Goods are to be removed, are hereby authorised and impowered to take, and tocancj! and discharge such Bond upon receiving the Certificate from the Ware-house keeper, as herein-before directed; and if such Goods shall be sent by Land Carriage, they shall be removed under the Seals of Office of such Collector and Comptroller, or principal Officer of the Customs, and shall be accompanied with a Transtre expressing the Number and Marks of the Packages; and all such Goods so removed, either by Land or Water, shall afterwards be publicly expoied to Sale in the City of London, determined by the Captors or their Agents, they giving Notice of such Sale to the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose; and the Duties due and payable for such Goods shall be thereupon computed and charged by the proper Officers of the Customs or Excise respectively concerned therein, by the facyie Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in all Respects (excepting any Allowance for Warehouse Rent) as the Duties payable upon the like Goods imported by, and sold at the Sales of, the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiej, are computed and charged; and the Duties due by Law thereon shall be accordingly paid and applied; any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas, by the herein-before recited Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That any Prize Goods received into any Warehouses in this Kingdom, in pursuance of that Act, ftjay be exported directly from thence without paying any further Duty than is by the said Act directed, upon the Security therein mentioned: And whereas, in some cases, it is impracticable for the Captors or their Agents to procure Ships to export such Goods directly from the Ports where thdy are so warehoused, and the keeping such Goods therein for a considerable Tim*, in order to procure such Vessels, is attended with great Expence and Loss to the Captors For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in any Case where they shall think proper, to order such Goods, so secured in any Warehouse in this Kingdom, to be removed and sent from thence for Exportation to, any Custom-house Warehouse, at any other Port or Place in Great Britain, by and under the Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence the Goods are intended to be: so removed, at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, or other Person or Persons toho may have purchased the same; and in such Case, the Security directed by the herein-before recited Act, shall be taken by the Customer or Collector of the Port to which such Goods are removed, before they are delivered for Exportation, instead of the Customer or Collector of the Port where they *were first warehoused as aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas the Duties payable by Law upon Prize Tobacco, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any foreign Colony or Plantation, are so high as to render it impracticable for the Captors or their Agents to dispose of the same, after Condemnation, fn this Kingdom to any Advantage: For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar all Tobacco, not being the Growth, Product, of Manufacture of any British American Colony or Plantation, or any Place or Country tinder the Dominion of his Majesty, which hath been taken and condemned as Prize, and which is now Remaining in any Warehouse in this Kingdom under the King's Locks, or on Board any Ship or Vessel unentered at the Custom house, or which shall hereafter^ during the present Hostilities with France or Spain, betaken and condemned as Prize in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions abroad, shall be liable to pay the same Duties as Tobacco of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations, in America, are or may be liable to by Law, and to no other; and upon Exportation of such Tobacco into foreign Parts, the Whole of such Duties so paid 01* secured shall be repaid and drawn back, or the Security vacated, excepting the Half of the old Subsidy, granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the Whole or the further Sibfidv of Poundage, granted by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, being what is commonly called The Subsidy one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, if such Tobacco shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War; and the Halt or the old Subsidy only, if taken by any private or other Ship having Commission as aforesaid; and such Tobacco shall, in all other Respects, be subject and liable to the same Securities, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Tobacco of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of, the British Colonic* or Plantations in America, are or may be liable to by Law; :any Act or Acts of Parliament, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted ny *be Autho i y dforefud. That in case any such foreign Tobacco shall be taken as Prize, and carried in o any for^ig.i Port or Place, and condemned *n any of his Majesty's Dominions but of this Kingdom, and such Tobacco shall be afterwards imported into Great Britain^ the Importer or Proprietor of such Tobacco shall produce, to the Collector and

Comptroller

East India Goods condemned as Prize in any Out-oort, shall be brought to London for Sale*

Howibe Duties thereon shall be computed.

Ptize Goods lodged in Warehouses may be removed to any Custom-house Warehouse in Great Britain for Exportation

Foreign Prize-Tobacco to pay the same Duties as Tobacco the Produce of British America.

Whit Part of the Duties shall be drawn bark on Exportation*

Directions relative to foreign Prize Tobacco condemned in any of his Ma-

506

Doment-6M beyond Sea, an«i ilierwardl inipnited invo G.en Bri'V.A.

Preamble, Recital of an Act is Cat. II.

az & 13 Car. II.

and 15 Car. Ila

Geo. III. Cap. *5-

7 Geo. I. C?p. mi.

C. 10. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, at the Port or Place where such Tobacco shall be condemned; and if there shall be no Collector or Comptroller, or Naval Officer, at such Port or Place, then under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief, or the British Consul redding the re, certifying that such Tobacco hath been taken and condemned, as Prize; which Certificate shall express the Quantity, Number, and Marks, of the Package of such Tobacco, and by what Ship the same was taken, and when and where the same was condemned; on Failure whereof, such Tobacco shall be subject to the same Duties and Restrictions as it would have been liable to if this Act hat not been made.

CAP. X.

An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That, for every Ship or Vessel which shall load any Commodities, in that Act particularly enumerated, at any English Plantation in America, Asia, or Africa, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture thereof, Bond shall be given, with one Surety, to the Value of one thousand Poands, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of greater Burthen, that the same Commodities shall be brought by such Ship or Vessel to some other English Plantation, or to some Port in England ox Ireland, or Principality of Wales, or 1'own of Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Word Ireland should be left out of all such Bonds: And whereas, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, made in this Kingdom, which are now in Force, the said enumerated Commodities, and several other Articles which are particularly enumerated in such subsequent Acts, are to be carried to some other British Plantation, or to some Port in Great Britain only: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Tade, no Commodity of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture Qf Europe 4 (excepting some particular Articles which are enumerated in that Act, and in other subsequent Acts of Parliament which are now in Force), can be imported into any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Ter- ritory, or Place, belonging to, or in the Possession of, his Majesty, in Asia, Africa, or America, but what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, in Ships navigated according to Law, and carried directly from thence, and from no other Place or Places whatsoever: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti— 4 tuled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America $ for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act pojfied in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America \ for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expence 5 of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; 4 j'or explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and j'or altering and dishilowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and mor/ 4 ejj'cftually preventing the cl an define Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; it is, amongst other Things, en- acted. That any Officer of the Customs may flop any British Vessel arriving from any Port of Europe, which shall be discovered within two Leagues of the Shore of the British Colonies in America, and take from thence and seize, as forfeited, any Goods (except Salt, Wines, Horses, Victuals, and Linen Cloth, as therein particularly mentioned) for which the Master shall not produce a Cocquet or Clearance from the Collector or proper Officer of his Majesty *s Customs, certifying that the said Goods were laden on Board the said Ship or Vessel in some Port of Great Britain: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commisswns; and for cn- couragin? and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and thtlfie of Thanet; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Commodity of the Growth, Pro- dust, or Manufacture of the East Indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall be imported or carried into any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, to his Majesty or the Crown of Great Britain belonging, or which should thereafter belong t;o his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Africa ox America, but such only as shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, loaden and shipped in Great Britain, in Ships navigated according to Law: And whereas it is expedient to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies in America and the West Indies> and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner, 2nd with equal Advantages to his Majesty's Sub- iefts in Ireland, as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

C. io

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

5°7

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* Any Goods mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Goods, Wares, wh, J'h may or Merchandize of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in Biitift* America or the West Indies, or of any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, America, or the and which by any Act or Acts of Parliament are required to be imported from such Colonies, Plantations, British settle* or Settlements into Great Britain y and also any other Goods, which, having been in any Way legally im- ments °n the ported into the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, may now or hereafter be legally exported from thence for Great Britain, shall and may be laden in, and exported from such Colonies, Plantations, or Jain, may in hk« Settlements, refbedively, and in like Manner imported directly from thence into the Kingdom of Ireland; Manner be im-and that any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Ireland, or of the ported directly Cirowth, Production, or Manufacture of Great Britain, legally exported from thence into Ireland, or of fron> the the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any other Part of Europe; and any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, An° Goods which are pow required by any Act of Parliament to be shipped or laden in Great Britain, to be carried which may be ciredly from thence to any British Colony or Plantation in Africa or America; as also any other Goods, legally exported Wares, or Merchandize, which now or hereafter may be legally shipped or laden in Great Britain, to from Great Rri. be carried directly from thence, and imported into any Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, Amer0Ca or?hc or into any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; shall and may be shipped and laden at any Port or f*jd Senlemcn!s, Place in the Kingdom of Ireland, and exported directly from thence, and in like Manner imported into may be exported 'any British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, or into any British Settlement on the dheftiy from Coast of Africa; any Thing in the said herein before recited Acts or either of them, or any other Act or JrcJand to tllc Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain, or any Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; me ace11 subject nevertheless to the Conditions herein after expressed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importation On Condition and Exportation allowed by this Act, shall commence from and as soon, and shall have Continuance so that the Ir fli long, and in such respective Cases only, as the Goods, or any of them, which are hereby allowed to be Parliamc it im* imported from the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, into Ireland, or to be exported from Ireland wTf

into the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, shall be liable, by some Act or Acts of Parliament to exporuJToT'm-be made in the Kingdom of Ireland, to equal Duties and Drawbacks, and shall be made subjrd to the ported i)ut «, Tame Securities, Regulations^ and Restrictions, in all other Respects, as the like Goods now are, or here* &c. equal to after may be, liable and subject to upon being imported from the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, those to which into Great Britain, or exported from thence to such Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements respectively; j^cbh,e are In the Consideration of which equal Duties and Drawbacks, due Attention may be given to, and Allow- ported from, ance made for, any Duty or Imposition, or any Part of the same, which shall be retained in Great Britain, or imported into or not drawn back, or not compenfaced by Bounty in Great Britain, upon the Export of any such Goods, Great Britain. Wares, or Merchandize, from thence to Ireland, as also for any Duty paid on Importation of such Goods,

'Wares, or Merchandize into Ireland, so as the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively be not exported from Ireland with less Incumbrance of Duties or Impositions than now do, or hereafter (ha^l* remain upon the like Goods when legally exported from Great Britain.

III. And it is hereby Further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Part of the re-Ad, so much of the herein before recited Act, made in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of cite<J Ad * the Reign of King Charles the Second, as directs or requires the Word Ireland to be left out of any Bond re~

takep for any Ship or Vessel that shall load any enumerated Commodities in any British Plantation in pe*c America, Asia, or Africa, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void; any Thing in the said recited Act; or any other Act or Acts of Parliament* to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the Ad.of the fourth Year CUufe relative of his preferrt Majesty's Reign, as is hefrirt-before) recited, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to aa*C 0*111# subject to Seizure and Forfeiture, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which by this Act, or by any t<s

other Act or Acts of Parliament, may now, or hereafter, be legally imported from Ireland into any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; provided the Master, or other Person taking the Charge of the Ship or Vessel carrying such Goods, shall produce a Cocquet or Cocquets, Clearance or Clearances, frorn the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs* certifying that the said Goods were laden on‘ Board the said Ship or Vessel in fume Port of Great Britain, or In fonrte Post of Iceland, respectively.:

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shaft so happen Regulations to that any additional Duty shall be imposed, or any Alteration shall be maJe in the Drawbacks, or other- beobservedon wife, upon any Goods so as aforesaid imported into, or exported from Great Britain, by any Act of Par- *ny Alteration liament that may hereafter be made in this Kingdom at any Time when the Parliament of Ireland shall Great Britain* not be fitting; that then and in such Case the Liberty of Importation and Exportation, granted by this when thelrift Ad, shall have Continuance, and remain in full Force, with respect to such Goods, until the End of Parliament flutt four Calendar Months after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament in Ireland\ but if the Par- n, T *>c fitting, liamern of Ireland shall bt fitting at the Time that arty such addhional Duty shall be imposed, or any such &c* Alteration shall be made In Great Britain, thfen, and In such Case, the Liberty of Importation and Importation gran ted by this Act shall have Continuance, and remain in full Force, upon such Qoods as aforesaid, until the End of four Calendar Months from the Time that such additional Duty shall be laid, or such Alteration made, in case the Parliament of Ireland shall so long continue to fit without Prorogation or Dissolution; and in case it shall withio that Time be prorogued ordifTolved, then the Liberty of importation and Exportation aforesaid shall have Continuance, and remain in full Force, until the End of four Calendar Months next after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament in Ireland.

508 C. ii—-14. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

This Act not t*

VI. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein bm^of^port before Contained shall extend to, or be construed to extend to, the imposing any Condition or Restriction to, or import uP°n or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year from, America of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Goods directly from or Africa, grant- Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coafi ^Africa; and for further cdto thelrift by encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Ireland; or which by any other Act or Acts of Parliament may any ormerAS. D0W ]e^assy exported from Ireland to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America and thoJVefi Andies^ or to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or which may flow be legally imported, into Ireland from any of the Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements aforesaid; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Personto

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that this Act shall not trade to any Co- extend, or be construed to extend, to allow any Person or Persons to trade to, from, or in, any Colony lony in America. or Plantation in America, during such Time, and in such Manner, as the Trade or Intercourse of Great Trade ii^rohi- Britain with such Colony or Plantation is or shall be prohibited or restrained by any Act or Acts of Par-bite/by Act of lament made, or hereafter to be made, in this Kingdom; but whenever Trade and Intercourse shall be 'Parliament. permitted between Great Britain and such Colony or Colonies, the same Trade and Intercourse shall in like Manner be permitted and allowed between Ireland and the said Colony or Colonies.

CAP. XL

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act:, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one fix lb Part of a Penny Sterlings upon every Scots Pint of Ale^ Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Act 32 Geo. II. recited.

audfor ther continued for si Y fart,

Public KQu

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which should be brewed for Sale, brought

into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Keifo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a 4 Bridge cross the River Tweed; for repairing the Streets of the said Town; for procuring and conveying to proper Places within the said Town a sufficient Supply of fresh and wholesome Water; and for build- ing and erecting a Workhouse for maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town and Parish, and for purchasing proper Materials for setting the said Poor to work; which Duty was to commence and have

Continuance from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, f for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then pext Session of Parliament: 4 Aqd whereas the Trustees appointed for putting the said Act in Execution have caused the said Bridge

to be finished, and have expended the whole Produce of the said Duty, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, in finishing the said Bridge only; which Money cannot be repaid, and the other Works, directed by the said Act, carried into Execution, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fatae. That the said Act shall continue in full Force and be executed, from the Expiration of the Term thereby granted, for and during the further Term of twentyj-one Year?, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 15, 16. 509

CAP. XV.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Partfh Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Cemetery, or Church-yard; and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mar.y-le* bone, in the County of 1 Middlesex;* as impowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground, in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Porlm,n3 Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Clol'e, called The Fifteen Acres.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's AO jz Geo. I IT,

f Reign, intituled "An Act for building a new f art)h Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a recited,

Chapel yfor making H Cemetery, or Church-yard; and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex it was enacted (amongst other Things),

That it should be lawful for the Trustees therein appointed; or any nine or more of them, and they were thereby authorised and impowered to cause a Church, and, if they thought fit, a Steeple also, to be built upon a certain. Piece or Parcel of Ground, belonging to Henry William Portman Esquire, therein named, and then in Lease to William Baker Esquire (therein also named), situate, lying, and being ifi the Parish of Saint Mary-le~bone, in the County of Middlesex\ theretofore Part or Parcel of a certain Close, called The Fifteen Acresr therein particularly described: And whereas it has been found inconi nient to build a Church upon the said Piece of Ground; and the Vestrymen of the said Parish, who are by the said Act appointed Trustees for building the said Church and Steeple, have agreed, and are wit- ling to relinquish to the said Henry U Uliam Portman, his Heirs and Assigns, all Right given to them by the said Act to build a Church and.Steeple on the said Piece of Ground May it therefore please yoi/r Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fo much of the said Act,* as authorises and impowefs A Repeal of the the said Vestrymen and Trustees* or any nine or more of them,.to cause a Church’ and Steeple to be built Power given to upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Henry William Portman, and then in Lease the Vestrymen of to the said William Baker, situate, lying, and being in the said Parish, heretofore Part and Parcel of the j^ear i^bone* before-mentioned Close, called The Fifteen Acres, containing in Length from East to West, on the North tobluirtaChu^cti and South Sides thereof, two hundred Feet of AflSze (little more or less), and in Breadth from North to on Mr. Port-South, on the East and West Sides thereof, one hundred and fifty Feet of Assize (little, more or less), min’s Ground, shall be, and is hereby repealed.; and that the Fee-simple and Inheritance of and in the said Ground, called The Fif» with the Appurtenances, shall be and is hereby vested in the said Henry William Portman, his Heirs and teen AcrC,« Assigns, to the only proper Use and Behoof off the said Henry William Portman, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely discharged from all Right or Claim of the said Vestrymen and Trustees of and in the same by virtue of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Expences attending the obtaining and passing of Spences ofthit this Act shall be defrayed by the fid Henry William Portman, and the other Moiety thereof by the Trustees Aa how to be of the Burial-grounds of the said Parish of Saint Mary-U-bone, out of the Monies arising to them by virtue Pa><*.

of the said former Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall Public Act* be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spe-

cially pleading the same.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

[Preamble.]

12,000,000l. to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the Sum of i2,cfo, oooo /. to be intitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be established this Session, and collaterally upon the Sinking Fund. Contributors shall be intitled to one Quarter’s Annuity, at 4l. per Cent. from January 5, to April 5, 1780; and from that Time shall be paid half-yearly. Every Contributor of 1,000l. shall. Upon Payment of 40l. more, be intitled to four Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made,

pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required.to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Sub- feribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subforibers to the 12,000,000l. intitled to an Annuity of 4L per Cent*; and also to an 44 Annuity of 1l. i6j. o,d for 80 Years; both payable half-yearly. All Contributors who shall pay in the Whole of their Contribution-money before June 30, 17^, may receive the Half Year’s Annuity due July c. 1-80, on the Annuity of \u 16 j. 3d.; otherwise they shall not receive the said Annuity until

5io

C. 16.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

[Proviso.]

January 1781. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, &V. Cashier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received 5 which shall be assignable. Cashier to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier* A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general's Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered, &c. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annuities granted by this Act 5 which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments* the bums subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit. Accountant-general* on Payment of 45 /. per Cent. of theijr Contributions before June 23, 1780, to give Credit to the Contributors for the Annuity of 1 /. 16 s. 3 d. which shall be transferable. Certain Rates appropriated for Payment of the Annuities granted by this Act. Governor, l$c. of the Bank to appoint a Chief Cashier* and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of 44 Annuities created by this Act. Accountant-general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant-general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act. Method of transferring. The Annuities of 1 L 16s. 3 i. p/r 44 Cent, per Ann. shall be a separate Stock until Jan. 5, 1781; after which they shall be made a Joint 4( Stock with the Long Annuities of 1 and 2 Geo. III. Persons possessed of Stork may deviie the same by 4< Will, £sV. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to defray the incidental Expence9 attending the 4< Execution of this Act. The 4per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act, shall be added to the Joint Stock of 4per Cent. transferable at the Bank by Act 17 Geo. III. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 480,000l. to be raised by a Lottery; the Prizes whereof to be paid 4* out of any Supplies granted this Sefli&n. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may coil- tribute to the Loan, &c. Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed Jby the Treasury. 44 Method of the Lottery Books. Ticker. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books* with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Monies paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up and fattened with Thread or Sillc and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 48,000 Tickets are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets. 500l. to each First-drawn Ticket of the first six Days; 1,000l. to ditto the second six days; 2,000/j to ditto the j$th and 17th Days 5 3,000l. to ditto the ifcth and 20th 44 Days; and 1000l. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied. 44 Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov 16, 44 1780. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, Felony. Of- fenders (not in rrifon) discovering persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50l. Reward. 44 Managers to be sworn. The Oath. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lot* tery Book; giving a Note for the same; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 10l. so paid* Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Depofk* with respect to the Lottery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, lAc. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the Sale of Chances, Lfc. Penalty. Office-keepers, isfe. felling Shares in Tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 500l. and suffer three Months Imprisonment. After April 5, 1780, no Person to keep 41 a Lottery-office without a Licence. Each Licence to cost 50l.; and shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two Managers. Licence to set forth the Name of the Person taking out the same, iffc. and to continue in Force for one Year. Persons keeping any Office contrary to this Act, to forfeit 100L 44 Produce of the Duty on Licences to be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Lottery. No 44 Person to fell any Share of a Ticket less than a sixteenth, on Penalty of 50l. Penalty on Persons promising to pay any Money upon any Chance relating to the drawing of the Lottery, contrary to this 4# Act. No Business to be transacted at any Lottery-office between Eight in the Evening and Eight the next Morning. Exception. Two Justices may summon Offenders against this Act, and, on Proof or the Offence, convict them in Penalties, lAc. If Penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by Distress. On Failure of Distress, Offender to be committed. Any Person forging a Licence* shall forfeit 500l. fcfr. Commissioners of the Treasury to establish an Office in London, and to appoint 44 a Person to conduct the Business thereof; with whom all Tickets, before they are divided into Shares or Chances, shall be deposited. All Shares to be stamped by the Officer, who shall give a Receipt for every Ticket deposited with him. Form of Receipt. All Tickets deposited in the Office, to remain there three Days after drawing. The Numbers of all Tickets deposited in the Office to be entered in a 44 Book, with the Names of the Owners, and the Number of Shares into which they are divided. 2 d. 44 for each Share to be paid to the Officer on depositing Tickets in the Office; who shall therewith pay all Expences incident to the Office. Penalty on felling any Share or Chance of a Ticket without 44 a Stamp. Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering Receipts, or uttering the same with a 44 fraudulent Intention. No Person shall keep any Office for the Sale of Tickets, &c. in Oxford ot Cambridge, on Penalty of 20l. Offenders may be prosecuted in the Vice-chancellor's Court. For- feitures may be levied by Distress. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient Surety is given to prosecute the same with Effect, &c. This Act not to prejudice the Privileges and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, made punishable: Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 480,000l. for the

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 17. 511

Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged oil any Supplies granted this Session 5 and shall be 4C paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 1781, &c. Managers to give Notice of 4‘ the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, &cm 44 No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for any Receipts, &c. on Penalty Of 20l. General Issue. Treble Costs."

CAP. XVII.

An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Laws now in being for ascertaining the Rights of Persons claiming to vote in the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, are difficult to be carried into Execution, and great Delays and Inconveniences have been occasioned by the numberless Disputes which have arilen at County Elections concerning such Rights:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the After Jto.i, Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af- >78*no Per* fembtad, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January* one thousand any CoumV. seven hundred and eighty-one, no Person shall Vote for electing of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to Election in Eng-serve in Parliament, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, in land or Wales, respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which have not, for six Calendar Months next before who has not been such Election, been charged or assessed towards some Aid granted or to be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax (in case any such Aid be then granted and assessable), in the Name of Q^iificatio°n fix the Person or Persons who shall claim to vote at such Election for or in respect of any such Messuages, Months presuma Lands, or Tenements, or in the Name of his or their Tenant or Tenants actually occupying the same to the Time of as Tenant or Tenants of the Owner or Landlord thereof. Eleaion.

II. Provided always, That this Act, with respect to such rating and assessing as aforesaid, shall not ex- Certain Cases t»

tend, or be construed to extend, to Annuities or Fee-farm Rents (duly reeiftered) issuing out of any which this Act Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, rated or assessed as aforesaid; nor shall the same extend, or be con- extend;

strued to extend, to any Person who became entitled to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, for which

he shall vote, or claim to vote, as aforesaid, by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office, within twelve Calendar Months next before such Election; but such Person shall be entitled to vote at such Election, if the Messuages, Lands, provided hit or Tenements, for which he shall vote, or claim to vote, as aforesaid, have been, within two Years next Q«Hfictti©nW before such Election, rated or assessed to the Land Tax, in the Name of the Person or Persons by or through to

whom such Person voting, or claiming to vote, as aforesaid, shall derive his Title to the Mefluaees, Lands, ]a tkea K«me*f or Tenements for which he shall vote, or claim to vote, as aforesaid, or in the Name of some Predecessor, hi* PrHccessor, within two Years next before such Election, of such Person claiming to vote in respect of any Promotion within two Yearg to any Benefice in a Church, or Promotion to an Office, or in the Name of the Tenant or Tenants of before the Elec-such Person or Persone, such Tenant or Tenants actually occupying such Messuages, Lands, or Te- tio°* ncments.

[Commissioners

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for that Part of Great Britain called England* or the Principality of Wales* at their respective Meetings held for appointing Af- of the Land Tax feflors of the Land Tax for the several Partthes and Places lying within the Diviuon for which such Com- to deliverto Af-missioners shall act, shall cause to be delivered to each of the said Assessors, a printed Form of an Assess- aitS?

ment, as set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and the said Assessors are hereby required to make meRr, wh0 are their Assessments according to the said Form; and shall make three Duplicates of such Assessments 5 and to make their shall (at least fourteen Days before such Assessment shall be delivered to the Commissioners of the Land Tax Assessaieots ac-for the County, Riding, or Division, within which the Parish or Place for which such Assessment shall be cordin« thefel» made shall lie; cause one of the said Duplicates, or a fair Copy thereof, to be (luck up upon one of the a Duplicate of Doors of the Church or Chapel of the Parish or Place for which such Assessment shall be made; but in Assessmentstoi* case such Assessment shall be made for an Extra-parochial or any other Place, where there is not any Jackup on the Church or Chapel, then such Assessment shall be (luck up upon one of the Doors of the Church or Chapel ch rch in a Parish next adjoining; and if any Person or Persons (renting, holding, or occupying, any Messuages, 0

Lands, or Tenements, in any such Parish or Place) shall rent, hold, or occupy Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, belonging to different Owners or Proprietors, the same shall be separately and distinctly rated

and assessed in such Assessments, that the Proportion of the Land Tax to be paid by each separate Owner or Proprietor respectively may be known and ascertained; and the said Duplicates shall be delivered to the Land Tax Commissioners, at their Meeting for the Receipt of Assessments; and if the Name of any thulifiedPer-Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in such Parish or Place, entitled to vote as font, wb0fe aforesaid, shall not appear or be included in such Assessment, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Names areoait-Person*, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Agent or Agents, to appeal to the Commissioners of Assess-the Land Tax, to whom such Assessments shall be returned; and every Person so intending to appeal shall, "e""» and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to one or more of the Assessors of the Parish or a^o^s^11" Place wherein he is rated; and the said Commissioners, on sufficient Cause to be shewn, shall amend the who are to Duplicates of such Assessments, by inserting therem the Name or Names of the actual Occupier or Occupiers, amend the Af-and of the Owner or Owners of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or the Person or Persons entitled where to, or in the actual Receipt of the Rents, lfliies, and Profits thereof, or by erasing the Name of any Person deftaive* who shall appear to them to have been improperly infeited therein; and the said Commissioners are hereby An amended required to cause one of the said Duplicates so amended (after the same shall be duly signed and sealed by Duplicate to t* the said Commissioners, or any three of them) to be returned to the said Assessors, or one of them; and tp

such AUcUoTh 004

5*3

delivered to the Clerk of the Peace at the next (Quarter Sessions.

Penalty on Affeil'or, &c. who shall alter, or neglect to deliver any Duplicate as above, rtire&ed.

If Clerk of the Pta'e shall not receive all the Duplicates before the end of Michaelmas Sessions yearly, the Court rtiall immediately fine the Chief Con-fl i^h s making Default.

On Failure of Payment, Fines ns«y he levied by Distress.

Case Chief Copfiables make Oath that Assessors neglected to deliver feid Duplicates to thwa,.

then the Finos shall be levied on the said Assessora, except they deliver the Implicates, &c. within ten Days after Notice:

But if AflVfTors, within said Timr, shall produce to the Clerk of the Peace the Chief Constables Re-ce pt, then the Fine shall be levied on laidCon-

ItJOlfS.

Fines t£> be paid. to the Treasurer of the County, &c.

When AiTefT-mei ts are not made, and returned to the Chrk of the Pr.-ce. Justices may order them to be made and returned fotth-with.

0*17. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

such Vkffeffors are hereby required to deliver such Duplicate, fa amended, within ten Days after the Receipt thereof, to one of the Chief Constables of the Hundred, Lath, or Wapentake, within which the Parish or Place for which such Assessment was made shall lie, taking the Receipt of such Chief Constable for the same, and which Receipt such Chief Constable is hereby required to give; and such Chief Constable is hereby also required to deliver such Duplicate upon Oath (which Oath the said Magistrates are hereby impowered to administer), without any Alteration, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, within which such Assessment shall be made, in open Court, the first Day of such Sessions, to the Clerk of the Peace attending such Sessions, to be by him filed and kept amongst the Records of the Sessions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessor shall neglect to deliver such Duplicate so amended, to such Chief Constable as aforesaid, or if such Chief Constable, to whom the same shall be delivered, shall neglect to deliver the same to such Clerk of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, or shall wilfully alter or deface any such Duplicate; every such Assessor and Chief Constable so offending shall, for every such Offence, and for every such Duplicate so neglected to be delivered as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in the Manner herein after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That at the Michaelmas Sessions in every Year, the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, attending such Sessions, in every County, Riding, or Division, as aforesaid, shall, before the Conclusion of such Sessions, examine whether the Duplicates of all the Assessments within such County, Riding, or Division, shall have been delivered for that Year and if it shall appear ithat any such Duplicates have not been received by or delivered to such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, by the proper Chief Constables, then and in such Case such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall report the same to the Court, and the Court shall immediately set and impose the said Fine or Fines of five Pounds upon such Chief Constables, for the Hundred, Lath, or Wapentake, within which the Parish or Place for which such Duplicate or Duplicates of the Assessment or Assessments not returned shall lie* and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall give to such Chief Constables immediate Notice of such. Fine or Fines; and if the same is or are not immediately paid, the Justices assembled in the said Quarter Sessions shall, by Order of Court, issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery thereof, directed to the Constable or Constables of the respective Parishes or Places where such Chief Constables shall live; and such Warrant shall be delivered or transmitted by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, to such Constables, or one of them, who is and are hereby required to levy such Fine or Fines, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Chief Constables, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress.

VI. Provided always, That if such Chief Constables shall voluntarily make Oath at such Sessions, that such Duplicate or Duplicates was or were not delivered to them, or either of them, by such Assessor or Assessors, then, and in such Case, the said Fine or Fines, herein before directed, shall be set and imposed upon such Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, for which such Duplicate or Duplicates shall not be returned; and the Justices assembled in such Quarter Sessions shall, by Order of Court, issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery thereof, directed to the Constable or Constables of such Parish or Place, or respective Parishes or Places, or to such other Person or Persons as such Justices shall think proper; and also shall, by Order of Court, require the Chief Constables, or one of them, tOx give Notice to such Assessor or Assessors, that such Fines have been set and imposed; and such Chief Constables are hereby required to serve such Notices upon such Assessors within fourteen Days next after such Sessions; and if such Assessors, or one of them, shall not deliver such Duplicate, or the Chief Constable’s* Receipt for the same, to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for such County, Riding, or Division* within ten Days after being served with such Notice, then and in such Case the said Clerk of the Peace* or his Deputy, shall deliver or transmit such Warrant of Distress against the Assessor, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be directed, who is hereby required to levy the said Fine set upon such Assessor, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Assessor or Assessors, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress.

VII. Provided always, That if such Assessors, or either of them, shall, within the said ten Days after such Notice, produce to the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, the Receipt of such Chief Constables, or one of them, for such Duplicate, then and in such Case such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall deliver or transmit the Warrants against such Chief Constables, or such of them who shall have signed such Receipt, to the proper Constable or Constables to whom the same shall be directed, that the same may be executed as aforesaid, and the Warrant or Warrants for levying the Fine or Fines upon such Affciior or Assessors shall not be executed.

VIII. And be it further emitted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fines to be set and imposed upon> such Chief Constables and Assessors as aforesaid, shall> after the same shall be so levied and recovered, be, by the Person or Persons who shall levy and recover the same, paid to the Treasurer of the County*. Riding, or Division, wherein the same shall be levied or recovered, or the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer, to be applied and dispoffd of as Part of the County Stock, under the Diiettion of the Sessions of such County, Riding, or Division.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Affefiinertt shall not have been made by the Assessor<

or Assessors of any Parish or Place, and returned to the Chief Constable* and by the Chief Constable to

the Clerk of the Pe*cc, by the Neglect or Default of any Person concerned therein, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices at the said Quarter Sessions, or any two Justices for such County, Riding, or

Division, out of Sessions, to order and direct such AffefimeiK or Affdlinents forthwith to be made and

returned in Manner aforesaid; and such Assessments so made and returned, shall have the.fameand the like*

Eft'edt as if made and returned at the Time and in the Maimer herein before directed.

X. An d

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 17.

5i3

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied, or shall think him/elf Persons avgriev-or themselves aggrieved by any Determination of the said Commissioners of the Land Tax, it shall 2nd ed may appeal to may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal against such Determination to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Dmfion, within which such Commissioners shall act, which shall happen next after the cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to one of the Commissioners signing the Duplicate of the said Afkllment, and also to one of the Assessors of the Parish or Place where the Estate belonging to the Person or Persons who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved shall lie; and the Justices assembled rn such Sessions are hereby authorised and required, by Examination upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised to administer), to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to amend such Assessments where they shall think necessary; and also to award such Colts as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be so awarded, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, upon any Appeal before them, and also the said Justices in Sessions upon any Appeal before them, shall find it requifne to insert in such Af-lefiments, or the Duplicates thereof, the Names of any Person or Persons, which shall appear to such Commissioners, or to such Justices, to have been improperly omitted, such Person or Persons shall be taken and deemed to be rated in such Assessment or Assessments, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Name or Names of such Person or Persons had been originally inserted in such Assessment by the Assessors.

the Quarter Sessions;

giving ten Day!. Notice.

Juflicr* may award Lofts.

XII. And whereas Disputes have arisen, whether the Husbands of Women entitled to Dower or

Any Person whose Name, on Appeal, shall appear to have hern improperly left out of aoy Assessment, shall be deemed to have been fated therein.

Husbands of Women entitled’ to Dower oot of the Estatei of theiv former Husbands, may vote in respect thereof, although the said Dower hat not been set out by Metea or Bounds.

Thirds, at Common Law, out of the Estates of their former Husbands, shall be entitled to vote in the Election of Members of Parliament, unless Dower has been assigned and set out, by Metes and Bounds,- for such Womenbe it therefore further enacted, That where any Woman, the Widow of any Person Tenant in Fee or in Tail, shall be entitled to Dower or Thirds, by the Common Law, out of the Freehold Estate of which her Husband died seised or possessed of, and shall intermarry with a second Hufoind, fuclr second Hu (band shall be entitled to vote in respect of such Dower or Thirds, if such Dower or Thirds

shall be of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, or upwards, although the same has not been assigned or set out by Metes or Bounds, if such second Husband shall be in the actual Receipt of the Profits of such Dower, and the Estate from whence the same issues is rated to, and contributes to the Land Tax-in the Name of the actual Owner of the Lands or Tenements from whence such-Dower or Thirds arrfcs or issues.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, at all seasonable Times, to retort to and inspect the said Duplicates, or any Part thereof, in the Hands of such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, paying for every Search into, or In-spedlion of, such Duplicates, or any Part thereof, one Shilling, and no more; and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, is hereby required and directed, upon Demand, to deliver a true Copy or Copies of all such Duplicates or of such Part or Parts of them, or any of them, of which a Copy shall be demanded, to any Person or Persons who shall demand or desire the same (such Copy or Copies to be signed by such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy or true Copies), and for which Copy or Copies such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall t^e paid at and after the Rate of six Pence, and no more, for every three hundred Words or Figures, and so in Proportion for any lesser Number of Words or Figures; which said Duplicates, and also a true Copy of them, or any of them, or any Part of them, signed as aforesaid, and also the Duplicate of any Assessment in the Possession of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, or in the Possession of the Receiver-general of the County, or a Copy of the said Duplicates, signed by such Commissioners, and purporting the same to be a true Copy, shall at all Times, and in all Places, be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence of such Assessments, Certificates, Memorials, and Books of Entries, in all Cases whatsoever; and such Copy shall be delivered in a reasonable Time after the same shall be demanded.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, 111 whose Office such Duplicates shall be filed as aforesaid, or his Deputy, ul toaltendat shall, upon reasonable Noticr, intend at every Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for such County, Eiedionof with the said original Duplicates, at the Request of any Candidate, or the Agent or Agents of any Can- a Knight of the dictates; the Person or Persons requesting the same making such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, a Satisfaction for such Attendance, at and after the Rate of two Guineas for each Day of his Attendance at such Election, together with an Allowance of one Shilling and six Pence a Mile for the Costs and Charges he may be at, or put unto* in his Journey from the Place of his Abode to and from the Place of such EJe&ion.

2S, for each Day *1 Attendance, tnd 1*. 6d. per Mile for travelling

XV. And be it further enacted, That after issuing any Writ or Precept for the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for any County within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Dominion of

Wa 'lesy the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, and he is hereby required to attend, gratis^ from Day ^""7

to Day, from the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon to Three in the Afternoon, in each Day, at the Place J clerk of the where the Records of such County, Riding, or Division, are usually kept, from the Time of the Delivery' Peace shall at-of such Notice to the Day immediately preceding the Day of Election of such Knight or Knights, for the tend patii, fro* Purpose of receiving Applications for the Inspetftion of such Duplicates, and for making Copies of them*- N, Tn°Th,!!e or any of them, or of so much of them, or any of them, which he shall be requested to copy as aforesaid. te^ Recolal of*

the County are usually kept, to make Copies of Duplicates, &c.

Duplicate! may be inspected.

Clerk of the Peace to deliver signed Copie* of Duplicates, on Demand,

and being paid 6d. for every $70 Words, &c.

Duplicates, &e* to be deemed legal Evidence.

Clerk of the Peace, or his De-

Shire, with original Duplicates, at the Request of any Candidate i Such Candidate to pay him al. Charge!.

After issuing any Wnt for Eiec-

5*4-

Penalty on Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, making Default,

AAien to be brought within two Monthiffcc.

Final Judgment upon any Verdict against a Clerk of the Peace, shall be deemed fofficaent-Conviction.

Penalties howto be recorded.

FrofecuthxM to be commenced within it Months,

Form Afle&

gKOtf

[Preamble.]

So much of any

A At, as prohibit the exporting Cold or Siltcr Coin to Ireland, repealed.

C. 18. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A. T>. 1780.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall neglect or re-

fuse to permit such Duplicates, or any of them, or any Part of them, or any of them, to be inspected by any Person or Persons who shall request the same as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver any Copy or Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, within the Time before mentioned, or shall neglect to attend as aforesaid at the Place where the Records of such County, Riding, or Division, are usually kept, or at any County Election, with such Duplicates, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the Party aggrieved, provided such Action is brought within two Months after the Offence shall have been committed; and if no such Action shall be brought within the said Time, then to any Person who shall sue for the same in the Manner herein after mentioned; and shall also forfeit his Office of Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy, the same to be absolutely void on such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, being convicted of such Offence; and such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, shall be rendered incapable of being again appointed a Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or of acting as such, in or for any County, Riding, or Division whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That final Judgment upon any Verdict to be obtained against such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, for the Recovery of such Forfeiture, shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Conviction of such Offence, without any other Prosecution or Conviction whatsoever; and immediately after such Judgment, the said Office of Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, shall be absolutely void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Forfeitures or Penalties laid or imposed against such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, by this Act, shall and may be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution be commenced within twelve Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

FORM of ASSESSMENT.

County of to wit:}* AN Assessment made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the For the Par'tjh of Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his

in tbt said County. j1 Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and

Names of Proprietors.

A.B.

A.B.

£. F.‘ —

C.D.

LK.

and

L.M.

P-&

Signed this

Names of Occupiers.

2K*—

c. D.

G.H.

N.O.

Day of 17 by us

CAP. XVIII.

Sums assessed.

aE:\

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying. Coin out of this Realm into Ireland % and so much of certain Acts made in Great,

which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, Ireland, of such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas.

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Act of Parliament herein after mentioned,

so far as the same retrain the Trade and Commerce of ,’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it (may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act of Parliament, [made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh (intituled. Coin), and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, nude in Great,

5*5

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 19.

which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying, of Coin of Gold or Silver out of this Realm into /rr-landy shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne* intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on Hops; and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of foreign Hops into the Kingdom of Ireland; and also so much of the said recited Act, and of another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon wrought Plate \ and for applying Money arising for the clear Produce (by Sale of the forfeited E/lates) towards answering his Majesty's Supply; and for taking off the Drawbacks upon Hops exported for lielami; and for Payment of Annuities, to be purchased after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament; and for appropriating Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament 5 and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and Warrants of the Officers of the South Sea Company; and for explaining a late Act concerning Foreign Salt cellared and locked up before the four and twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and to give a further Time for paying Duties on? certain Apprentices Indentures \ and for Relief of Thomas Vernon Esquire9 in relation to a Parcel of Senna imported in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen 5 which enadl. That no Part of the Duties shall be repaid or drawn back for any Hops (whether the same be of Foreign or British Growth), which shall be exported or shipped for Exportation from Great Britain for Ireland, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void.

III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant

Seas, it is amongst other Things enacted, That every Subject of Great Britain, desiring Admission into

the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called, or known by the Name of, The Turkey Company, shall, upon Request for that Purpose made in the Manner by the said Act directed, be admitted into the said Company; and that the Goods permitted to be exported or imported by Persons made free of the said Company, shall be exported from and imported into Great Britain onlyAnd it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Goods as may lawfully be exported from,* or imported into, Great Britain, in British Ships, by any Person or Persons free of the said Company, by virtue of the said recited Act, or any other Act made in this Kingdom, shall and may, in like Manner, be exported from, or imported into, any Port or Place in the Kingdom of /r#-landy by any Person admitted, or to be admitted into, and made free of, the said Company, in British or h ifh Ships or Vessels, legally navigated, on paying such Impositions or Sums of Money as shall be a(Tefled and charged on all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be exported and imported as aforesaid, or on any Ships laden with the same., for defraying the necessary Expences of the said Company $ any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the-Oath re-qtiired by the said recited Act to be taken by Persons upon their Admission to their Freedoms in the said Company, shall and may be taken before, and administered by, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the Kingdom of Ireland.

CAP. XIX.

So much of 9 A"—«

or other Alts, which prohibit the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland j and so much of the recited and 6 Geo. 1. Cap. 11, which* enalt that 00 Drawback JhalLj be allowed on Hops exported to Ireland, repealed.

i6 Geo. fi. Cap. iS, recited*.

Any Goode which may be exported or imported to or from Great Britain and the Levant Scat, may, by any Person free of the Turkey Company, be exported or import* ed to or from Ireland and the said Seal.

Tb« Oath to be taken on Adoif* fion into the saidt Company, maybe administercxL is Ireland*

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions} to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America \ to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America \ and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British< Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies*

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an All, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for reviving an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firsty intituled, i An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majestys Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions \ which was to continue in Force from the first Day of May9 one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by two Acts made in the thirteenth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America,

for

PfetmWt*

5 Geo. II.

29, relating to the Trade to the East Indies,

farther continued till March' *5, 1800, &c.

Geo. III. Cap. 19, for importing Salt from Europe to Quebec*

5l6

further continued till June %\9 ‘17 §s> See,

*5 Geo. III. Cap. 35, to permit the free 1m-iportation of raw Goat Skins, further continued until June ao, 1785, &c.

So much of 16 Geo. Hi. Cap. 37, as relates to the Exportation of Wheat, Sec, to the Sugar Colonies,

further continued until May j, <781.

So much of 17 Geo. III. Cap. 43, at permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay to the Sugar Colonies,

further continued until Junc24> 1783, See,

[Preamble.]

From the pairing of this Act till Match 17*'. Merchant Ships, &c. may be navigated by three-fourths Foreign Seamen.

This Act not to

t< t.ainany Rey-). Proclamation to be nude pursuant to an Act lj Geo. 11.

jC. 20. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term of one Year and from thence to the End of the then next SelTiatvof Parliament; and which was by two Acts made in the sixth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Shins into this Kingdom for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force from the twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fiv^ for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration the;eof, until the twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act jof allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Peasto Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaieur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles; as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven bundled and seventy-seven; and which by three Acts made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth Yeats of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of A/ay, one thousand seven hundred anrd eighty; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Adf, made in the seven--teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the

Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to the making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and fer making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof \ and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods ? and to permit the Exportation ' of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time; as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugir Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the twenty-lourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Sel-fion of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby "further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

CAP. XX.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board 4 1/ Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels ;’ be it enacted by the King’s nv ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that one-fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and excepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effeift of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heir9 and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Atari ners and Seamen to serve in his Alajejlys Ships of War, and on Board Aler chant Ships and other Trading Ships and Privateers.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

C.

5i7

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to ferue in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships, and Privateers, any Foreign Mariner or Seaman, who shall have served for the Time mentioned in the said Act, during the Time of the present Hostilities, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any Merchant or other Trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer (which at the Time of such Service belonged to any of his Majesty's Subjects), shall, by virtue of the said Act, be deemed to be a natural boro Subject of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain be it therefore enacted and declared, That the said Act, and every Thing contained therein, is and has continued to be, and shall be deemed and taken to be and haye continued to be, in full Force; and that any Foreign Mariner or Seaman, who at any Time during the last War, or during the present Hostilities, from and lince the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall have faithfully served on Board any such Ships or Vessels for the Space of two Years, shall be deemed and taken to be a natural born Subject of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and shall have and enjoy all the Privileges, Rights, rowers, and Capacities, which, by the said in Part recited Acts, are given and granted to Foreign Seamen who served on Board any British Ship for the like Space of Time during the then War.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel which shall at any Time hereafter, during the present War, arrive, or which, at any Time frnce the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, has arrived, in any of the Ports of this Realm, navigated according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall and may be entered, and the respective Cargoes landed, on. Payment of British Duties, and no other, without incurring any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, whatso-i ever: And if any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, navigated according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and which have arrived in any Port of this Realm (ince the said twenty-fifth Day of March last past, or the Cargo or Cargoes of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, shall have been seized, such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, with their respective Cargoes, shall be delivered to the re/pedHve Owners and Proprietors thereof, on Payment of British Duties only, and no other, without any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures whatsoever; the Act of the twelfth of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof, notwithstanding.

Ship, or its Cargo, has been seized, the same shall be delivered to the Owners, on Payment of British

Recital of an Act 13 Geo. II,

Any Foreign Seaman who, during the late War, or the present Hostilitier, shall have faithfully served on Board any Bri-tiih Ship for two Years, shall be deemed a natural born Sut>j:d of Great Britain.

Any Ship which, since March zg, 1779, ha8 >r-rived, or during the present Hostilities shall arrive, in any Port of this Realm, navigated according to this Act, may be entered, &c. on Payment of British Duties t And if any such Duties only.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for better /applying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

[Preamble.]

TTZHBR E AS an Act was made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and Recital of Aflz

for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoy- 10 Ce0,111

ances therein: And whereas another Act was made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better fufiplying j and xi Geo. III. 44 the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof \ with Water, and for better paving and lighting the said>

<4 City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances thereinand great Progress hath,

been made towards completing the said Works: And whereas the Commissioners are in and by the said recited Acts, or one of them, required and impowered to direct how much Money shall be raised.

upon all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, within the said City, whereof any,

Part was situated within thirty Yards from any Main Pipe; but no House, Warehouse, Building, Te- nement, or Hereditament, of or under the yearly Rent of five Pounds is liable to be rated by virtue of the said recited Acts: And whereas the Money directed to be raised by the Rate authorised by the said Acts is found insufficient to defray the Expence of completing the Purposes of the said Acts, particularly the lighting of the said City; and it is necessary that the said Commissioners should have Power to raise annually a larger Sum by a higher Rate than is at present authorised to be raised, and that Houses and Tenements of less annual Value than five Pounds should be liable to be rated: And whereas the said Acts have in several other Particulars been found defective, and want Amendment:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Clause in the said Act passed in Provisiont of the the tenth Year of his present Majesty 3 Reign, which directs and authorises the said Commissioners to raise |brmrr rc* Money for the Purposes of the said Act by an equal Pound-rate on all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, ^pealed, and Hereditaments, within the said City (except as therein is excepted), the same not to exceed one p

Shilling in the Pound per Annum; and also that so much of the Clause or Proviso in the said Act which provides, that no Person shall be rated or pay to the Rates or Assessments, which shall be made by virtue of the said Act, for any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, of or under the yearly Rent or Value of five Pounds (unless the Occupier thereof shall desire to be rated), be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven Ratesnottoex-ot more of them, are hereby impowered and required yearly and every Year, or oftener as there shall be "cd *« lhe

518 C. 2l. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Eiemptlonsfrom being rated.

Hcufet let eutia Tenements how to be rated.

CommiiSttsrit

Recital.

Penalty on in* j‘>ring the Wo,its.

Penalty on cauf-angAnnoyancca.

Occasion, to nominate and appoint under their Hands, within every Parifla of the said City, two or more Persons, being Inhabitants or Residents within each respective Parish, to be A lie (Tors of the Money by this Act directed to be raised; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall once in every Year, or oftener if there shall be Occasion, fix and ascertain, and, as soon after as may be, iliue an Order under their Hands to the Assessors for the Time being, directing how much in the Pound shall be raised by an equal Pound-rate upon all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, within the said City (except as in the said recited Act is excepted), the same not to exceed two Shillings in the Pound, in any Year; which several and respective Sums the said Assessors are hereby required from Time to Time to rate and charge upon the Tenants and Occupiers thereof; and all such Tenants and Occupiers are hereby made liable to pay the said Rate so directed to be raised as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, according to the true annual Rent or Value of their respective Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, lying and being within the said City.

III. Provided always, That no Person shall be rated, or be liable to pav to the Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, on account of or for any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, under the yearly Rent or Value of four Pounds, unless such Person shall desire to be rated, and shall signify such his or her Desire to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas many Houses within the several Parishes of the said City are or may be, by the several c Landlords or Owners thereof, let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate or assess the said Tenants in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates and Assessments so made ;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to rate and assess in every such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid the Owner or Owners of all such Houses or Tenements as shall be so let to or occupied by two or more Tenants (which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements); and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby authorised and requited to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed upon the Owner or Owners thereof, being duly demanded of such Occupier or Occupiers, and to dedud the same out of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier, paying such Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her Rent as the said Assessment or Assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, in such Manner as the Rates or Assessments are authorised to be levied by the said first-recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to put the said farmer Acts into Execution, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting in Execution all the Powers by this A d and the said former Acts granted or given.

VI. And whereas by the said fuss-recited Act any Person or Persons who shall break, injure, or da- mage, any Part of the Building of the Water-works, or any Conduit, Reservoir, Water-house, or Engine, to be erected for the Purposes of the said Act, or wilfully cause the Water to run to Waste from any Conduit, Water-house, Engine, or from any Reservoir, to be provided as aforesaid, or shall cut- damage, break, or destroy, any Part of the Pipes laid under Ground, or otherwise made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, or any Part of the Materials used or provided for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person or Persons offending in any of the Cases above mentioned are made liable to forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, which Penalty is found inadequate to any of the Offences above mentioned;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act* break, injuie, or damage, any Part of the Building of the said Water-works, or any Conduit, Reservoir, Water house, or Engine, erected or to be erected for the Purposes of the said Act, or shall wilfully cause the Water to run to Waste from any Conduit, Water-house, or Engine, or from any Reservoir, to be provided as aforesaid, or shall cut, damage, break, or destroy, any Part of the Pipes laid under Ground, or otherwise made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, or any Part of the Materials used or provided for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person or Persons offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, either by his or her own Confession, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the said City (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the Reparation of the real Injury or Damage done.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall frt nut or lay, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be set out or laid, any Timber, Boards, Bricks, Cask?, Furnaces, Stalls, Benches, Crates, Pens, or any other Annoyance, or any Waggon, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage (for any longer Time than shall be reasonable for the loading or unloading the same); or if any Person or Persons shall build, place, or suffer to continue any Steps leading into any Cellar or Vault, or throw or lay any Dung, Ashes, or any other Thing whatsoever which shall occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction whatsoever, or shall suffer any such Dung or Ashes to remain for any longer Time than twelve Hours, to be computed from fix of the Clock in the Morning, or shall suffer such Dung or Ashes to remain in the Night-time in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, or PafLges, within the said City (except such Scaffoldings or other Erections, Bricks, Lime, or other Materia)*-

3 shall

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 21. 519

shall be reasonable and necessary for the building and repairing Houses and other Works, and except such Rubbish as shall be necessarily occasioned by such Buildings or Repairs, so as the Owner of such Buildings and Scaffoldings do put up a Light upon or near such Rubbish or other Things that shall lie in the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, during the Night-time), it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, either at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or at any Meeting to be held upon Complaint made of any such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, to cause the same to be altered or regulated, removed, taken, and carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct and appoint, there to remain until the Person who shall have occasioned any such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also the Sum of ten Shillings for such Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven For appointing 1 or more of them, shall and may appoint a Peace Officer, or any other Person, to take and remove any proper Person to Benches, Stalls, or other Nuisances, that shall be put or placed on or over any of the said Footways at jemoveNtti-any Time, and also to take such Person or Persons who shall put and place such Nuisances as aforesaid *ncc,# before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, who is and are hereby required to examine

such Person or Persons, and upon being convicted of the said Offence such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and To prevent An-after the passing of this Act, shall wilfully or negligently drive or wheel any Carriage, Wheelbarrow, or novances by Other Wheel-carriage, or shall run any Wheel without a Carriage, upon the Foot Pavement, or shall ride, jjriv,n* wheel-drive, or lead, any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ass, Mule, or other Beast, upon the Foot Pavements (ex- f^paJemeat*. cept at such Places where it shall be necessary to cross into any House, Stable-yard, or Road, and then

only for such Time as shall be needful for the Purposes of eroding), or mall fasten or tie by the Bridle or Halter, or shall leave unfastened, or suffer to remain on any Pretence whatsoever, any Horse, Mare,

Gelding, Ass, or Mule, on the Foot Pavement of any of the Streets or Lanes in the said City, or within the Liberties thereof, every Person offending, in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence; which said Penalty shall be recovered, and Offenders proceeded against, in the Manner directed by the first-recited Act with respect to Drivers of Carts.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Saturday after Forfweeping the the passing of this Act, every Person and Persons who shall inhabit the front Part, or shall be the Occu- Footway*, pier of the greatest Part, of any Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Building, or the Owner or Proprietor of any Wall adjoining to the Foot Pavement or other Footways within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, shall fwcep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleaned, the said Footways at least twice in a Week; that is to say, in the Forenoon on H^ednesday and Saturday in every Week, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence for each and every Neglect therein.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, liable For preventing to be rated to the Assessments to be made by virtue of this Adf, shall, from and after the passing thereof,

wilfully or negligently suffer the Severn Water to run to Waste after the Ciflern, Tub, Barrel, or other Vessel, used by them for the Reception of such Water, shall be full, or after such Person or Persons shall or might have saved a reasonable and sufficient Quantity of Water for their Use, or after Notice

given to them or their Servant to prevent the same by any Commissioner acting under the said first-recited Adf, or by the Turncock or other Servant of the said Commissioners, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or feald To prevent boop.

any Cask; or hew or saw, or cause to be hewed or sawed, any Stone, Wood, or Timber; or bind, make, &c.

or repair any Wheel; or (hoe, bleed, cleanse, or dress, or turn or drive loose any Horse or Horses; or ln lhcSuc«». wet, flack, or mix any Lime; or wet, mix, or make any Mortar (except as herein-before mentioned);

or throw at any Cock or Fowl in the Manner called Cock throwings or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown at in such Manner; or shall make, or assist in the making, any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires; or shallfetto or let off or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or Fire-works whatsoever, in any of the Streets, Lanes, or public Ways, within the said City or Liberties thereof; every Person so offending, in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings, over and above such Penalties which are Inflicted on any or either of the said Offences by any Law or statute now in being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall kill, (laughter, singe, feald, dress. To prevent ki 11. pr cut up, any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, or cause the same to be done, in ing Swine, &c. any open or public Street, Lane, or Way, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or hang up, or inthcSuocu, cause to be hung up, any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Sort of Goods or other Things whatsoever, on or over any of the Footways in any of the said

Street*, Lanes, or public Passages (except in the Street called Hoe Sharrblesy and the Market-place called The New Shamblesevery Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay Penalty, the Sum of five Shillings; and if any Swine, Beast, or other Cattle, shall be found wandering about the said Streets, Lanes, or Ways, or any or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to impound such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, in the common Pound in the said City, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the same to detain in the said Pound or Place, until the Sum of five Shillings, and the Expences of impounding such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and in case such Penalty and Expences shall not be paid within

X x x 2 three

e

520

C. 21.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

For paving the Streets, and removing Obstruc-ttoot.

Proje&ions in or over the Footways of the Streets to be removed.

Tenants to deduct the Exigences out of their Rents.

Expence* of removing project-ing Windows, Arc. how to be defrayed.

If Occupiers neglect to do the Works directed by this Act,

Commissioners ipay cause them to ie done, and fr vy the Expences by Dif-ticfs.

Monies to be accounted 'or be-tw rn Drr. *$, and Match 25, JMrly.

A.D. 1780.

three Days after such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, shall be impounded, and public Notice thereof given* by the Common Cryer that such Swine, Beast, or other Cattle, are so impounded for the Cause aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for that Purpose, to fell, or cause such Swine, Bead, or Cattle, to be sold, and after deducing the Charge of impounding, crying, and Sale thereof, the Money arising from the Sale shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Money arising from the Rates or Assessments is hereby directed to be applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments, which do or shall adjoin to any Street, Lane, or Place, within the said City, shall, at his, her, and their Costs and Charges respectively from Time to Time, within ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the Surveyor to be appointed by virtue of this Act, cause the Ground before such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, or Hereditaments, in the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, to be raised or lowered, and well and sufficiently pitched and paved, and all the Gutters or Channels to be turned and altered, and the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches, to be taken up, removed, altered, or replaced, and all Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Ditches, to be opened, cleansed, repaired, and scoured, which belong to the aforesaid Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments, and which ought of Right to be done by the Occupiers or Owners thereof respectively, and the same, and the several other Works to be done, as herein after mentioned, shall be done in such Manner, and in such Form, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and also the Occupiers of all Gardens or Lands into or through which any Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches, extend within the said City or the Liberties thereof, shall from Time to Time, within ten Days next after Notice for that Purpose given by the said Surveyor, cause such Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches, to be cleansed and scoured, and all Flood-gates or Stanks made or to be made therein to be taken up and removed, at the Costs and Charges of such Occupiers respectively; and likewise every Occupier of any House or other Building, within any Street, Lane, or Place, within the said City, shall take down, alter, and remove, all Posts, Steps, Bulks, Windows, Shew-boards, Shew glades, or other Projections, which do or shall encroach in or over or on the Footway in any Street, Lane, or Place aforesaid; and also take away, alter, and remove, all Doors opening in or leading from the said Footways into any Cellar or Vault, and all Signs, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, P<3es, Penthouses, Boards, or other Annoyances whatsoever, which shall be fixed to or against any House or other Building, or which shall hereafter be hung from any such House or other Building, within the Space of ten Days next after Notice in Writing given by the said Surveyor for taking down, altering, or removing, all such Annoyances as aforesaid, and cause all such Signs and Sign-boards to be fixed and placed close to the Wall, or on the Front of the Houses or other Buildings to which they respectively belong, at the Costs and Charges of the Occupiers of such Houses or Buildings; and all Occupiers of the aforesaid Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments, are hereby authorised to dedudfc the Expences attending the several and respective Works aforesaid out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents; and the Owners or Landlords of all such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments, are hereby required to allow the same accordingly.

XV. Provided always, That one Moiety of the Expence of removing any Window or Proje&ion hanging over the Footways in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places aforesaid, shall be defrayed by the Occupier of the Building having such Window or Proje&ion, and the other Moiety out of the Rates or Assessments granted by this Act; but no Occupier of any House shall be liable to pay more than five Pounds on account of removing any such Window or Projection.

XVI. Provided also, That in case any such Occupier as aforesaid shall refofc or neglect to do and perform all or any of the several Works aforesaid, within the Time and in the Manner before directed, that then, and in all or any of the Cases aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause the several Works aforesaid, or any of them, to be done in such Manner and Form as they shall think fit to order and direct, and the Charges and Expences attending the same to be paid by such Occupiers as aforesaid who ought to do and perform the said Works according to the Directions of this Act; and in case any such Occupier shall refuse or neglect to pay all such Charges and Expences, for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Charges and Expences shall be demanded of him or her by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer belonging to the said Commissioners, that then it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace for the Lid City, upon Complaint made to him by such Surveyor or other Officer, to cause all such Charges and Expences to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Occupier whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That between the twenty-fifth Day of December and the twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, a fair and just Account shall be made out of all Monies received and paid by virtue of this Act, and how, to whom, when, and for what Purposes the same shall have been laid out and expended; and a Copy or Duplicate thereof, signed by seven or more of the said Commissioners so assembled as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk to the said Commissioners, who is hereby required to permit any Person, rated or assessed as aforesaid, to inspect the same at all seasonable Times, paying one Shilling for such Inspection; and shall upon Demand forthwith give Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, to any such Person paying at the Rate of three Pence for every one hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; which Account and Copy or Duplicate the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to caytc to be written out and signed, and delivered accordingly.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 22, 23.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Alignment or Alignments shall be macfe by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lent or to be lent and advanced, or any Annuity or Annuities to be payable on the Credit of this Act, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, shall and may from Time to Time, by proper Words to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Assignment or Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest Money and Annuities thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Assignee may and 19 hereby impowered to assign the same again in like Manner, and so toties quoties; which Alignment shall be in the following Form of Words, or to that Effect, videlicet:

J Do hereby transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money [or An-4 A nuity, as the Case may be] thereby secured, and to all the Interest now due upon the same, unto his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

XIX. And, for the better regulating the Manner of setting up or continuing the Lamps in the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, within the said City/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to proportion the Number of Lamps to be set up or continued id each Parish, according and in Proportion to the Money raised in such Parishes respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates herem-ibefore granted shall be ’subject and liable co the Payment of ail Money now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Acts, as to all and every Matter, Clause, and Proviso, therein contained, and also as to every Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture thereby authorised to be imposed, or thereby inflicted for Offences committed, and the Manner of levying and recovering thereof (except wherein otherwise provided for by this Act), shall be extended and extend to this Act, and to the Rates and Assessments hereby authorised and directed to be made, laid, and affest'ed, and be deemed Part thereof, and shall operate, be in Force, and be observed, enforced, and performed in respect to this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same werd re* peated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Money raised or to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fuft’er a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in

the County of Kent.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for tit

Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majestys Navy; and for making further Provisions for those Purposes.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the eighteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, was pleased to order that General ReprifaU be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the King of S^nin; and that as well all his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissioned, by Letters of Marque or General 4 4 Reprisals,

521

Alignments may be transferred.

Form of Assignment.

The Number of Lamps in each Parish to be in Proportion to the Money raised therein.

Rates fuljeft t» Payment of Monies due on the former Act« and this Act. Provisions of former Act» ear-tended to this Act.

Expences of this Act how to be paid.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue*

[Public Act.]

Tieble Costs.

[Preamble,

522 C. 23.

Anna vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Pritss made !>y the King’sShi| s, <Jurng the Hostilities against Spain, to ce divided between the Captor?, in the Proportion? by his Majesty already ordered, or to be hereafter ordered, by Proclamation,

Prize* made by Privateers to be divided between the Owner! and Captort, according to private ContraA*

Provisions ie 19 Geo. III. Cap. €7, for prosecuting Hodilitiei against France, extended to Letters of Marque, &c. for General Reprisal* again# Spain,

Prize Goods liable to Payment 01' Customs#

Part of 19 Geo. III. Cap. 67, relating to Application of Penalties, repealed.

Application of Fcnaltici.

1 Reprisals, or otherwise, by His MajestyY Commissionera for executing ^he Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the King of Spain, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any the Territories of the King of Spain,

and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions:

Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Of- ficcis and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vefleb having Commissions and Letters of Marque, and for inducing all British Seamen who mary he in any Foreign Service to return into this Kingdom, and be- come serviceable to his Majesty 5 and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of Jits M»~

jesty’s Subjects \ be it enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by1 the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Veil'd of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandises, which they have taken since the eighteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against Spain, after the same shall have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty bath, by his Proclamation of the twenty-fifth of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be rflued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandises whatsoever^ with all their Furniture, Tackle, or Apparel, taken or to be taken, during the Continuance of Hostilities against Spain, by or with any private Owner or Owners, Ship or Vessel, according to any Commission or Letter of Marqwe granted, or to be granted, a* herein after is set forth, by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or tho Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowered and appointed (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid), shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Shipor Vessel, and the seveni Persons who shall be on Board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Share and Proportion as shall be agreed on with the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agente or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be thus ratified thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice-Admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize, Ship, or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandises, and the Persons claiming under him of them, shall be intitled to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Customs and Duties); any Custom, Statute, or other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding-

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more Speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy, several Provisions and Regulations were established for the better carrying on the salutary rur- poses by the said Act intended in the Prosecution of Hostilities against France;9 be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Regulations and Provisions respecting the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Marque, the Persons acting and the Captures made under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque, and all other Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act shall extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque for General Reprisals against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the King of Spain, and all other. Matters or Things whatsoever, in respect of the same, during the Continuance of Hostilities against Spain, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, already taken, and which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restrictions and Regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

V. And whereas by the said Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures given and granted by the said Act, shall be applied one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Royal Hospital lor Seamen at Greenwich: And whereas such Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures mav interfere with the Distribution of several Penalties and Foi futures which are otherwise particularly disposed of by the said Act \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or incurred by the said rerited and this present Act, other than such as are otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be applied one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the said Royal Hospital.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 24.

VII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act, among other Things, ensued,' That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Goods therein, shall appear and be proved in any Court of Admiralty to have belonged to any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining and continuing under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, which were before taken or surprized by any of his Majesty's Enemies, and at any Time afterwards again fur-prized and retaken from his Majesty's Enemies by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any private Man of War, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, under his Majesty *s Protection and Obedience, that then such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof, as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects, shall, in all cases, be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by Decree of the said Court of Admiralty, accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, he or they paying, for and in Lieu of Salvage, as rn the said Act rs particularly mentioned and directed: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that great Expence is incurred by the original Owners and Recaptors of Colliers and Coasting Vessels, and other Vessels of small Value, by proceeding to Adjudication in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to the Salvage of such recaptured Colliers and Coasting VdTels, and other Vessel $ of small Value, the Charges whereof frequently exceed the Sum paid for Salvage to the Recaptors:* For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That in Cases of all Colliers and Coasting Vessels, and other Vessels of small Value, taken by the Enemy, and afterwards retaken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Privateer or Merchant Ship having Letter of Marque, or by any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, under his Majesty's Protection or Obedience, it shall and may be lawful, immediately upon such recaptured Collier or Coasting Vessel, or other Vessel of small Value, being brought into Port, for the Owners and Agents on both Sides to agree upon the Salvage, so 2* such Salvage shall not exceed the respective Proportions directed by the said recited Act to be paid to Recaptors; and upon producing to the Judge of any Court of Admiralty, or his Surrogate, or to any one*or more of the Commissioners for taking Examinations in Prize causes, an Attestation of the Master of the recaptured Ship or Vessel, of the Property thereof, and of the Cargo, including also an Attestation of some Person of good Credibility as to the Identity of the said Ship or Vessel, and of his having carefully viewed the same; that then it shall be lawful for the Recaptor, or his Agent, immediately to restore the same without any further Delay, and such Restitution being certified to the Court, shall be decreed to be affirmed accordingly; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for converting into Money the Statute Labour, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry.

WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law, relative to Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and the c, Services thereby authorised to be exacted in Scotland, have not been found Efficient for making, widening, and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, in the Stewartry of

Kirkcudbright: And whereas the Performance of Statute-labour when rigorously exacted, has been found very unequal and oppressive, and it would b6 mote equitable and convenient it a moderate Assessment or Conversion in Money was paid in lieu thereof, and if further Powers were given to the Justices of the

PeaceT and Commissioners of Supply for carrying the Intentions of the said Laws info Execution; and, as this cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament,* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person, who is at present, or hereafter shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Liferenter of Lands, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, valued in the Tax-roll, or Valuation Books of the said Stewartry to the Extent of one hundred Pounds Scots per Annum\ and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons, being Heirs of the said Property, or in the Absence of the said Proprietor and his Heir, the Faclor having a Commission for collecting his Kents; and also the Stewart-depute of the said Stewartry for the Time being, and his Substitutes, and the Provost, or chief residing Magistrate of each of the Royal Burghs within the said Stewartry, during his Magistracy, shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees for making, widening, and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Highway*, Roads, Bridges, and perries, within the said Stewartry, and for executing all other Powers by this Act to them given and granted.

II. Provided always, That if any Person not qualified, or defetibed as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Act, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, beside the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Proprietor of Land within the said Stewartry, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or b-fore the Stewart-depute of the said Stewartry, or his Substitute or Substi-futes, which Penalty Hull be paid to the said Trustees, or their Clerk, to be applied for the Purp >fes of this Act; and, in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Occupiers of Land, and other Persons cn«»rg.*aide with Statute-labour within the said Stewartry, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, r^v (to die CcileHoys :o be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned) an Assessment or Conversion in Money, in lieu ot Suture-labour, according to the following Rates; that is to say, all Occupiers of Lands, whether Proprietors or Tenants, shall be liable to pay yearly an Assessment in Money for the Lands

occupied

523

Recital of Part of 19 Geo. III. Cap 67, relating to iec?.ptured Vessels.

Regulationsco*-Cerning recaptured Collier*. Coasting Vessels, &c.

[Preamble.]

Trofreefj

Penalty on a&-irg if not qualified.

A fTeflTnient to be

laid

on Occupiers of Lind,

524

n Burgh Rood*,

on Innkeeper*, Caitc rs, *:c.

er.IIou sch older«,

on Tratkfmen,

on Occupier* of Land under 201. Sco/s of Valuation*

Exception of yearly Servants, Cottcri, &c.

of Clergymen and Schoulmaf-ten.

of indigent Per-foos.

"Where a cumulo Valuation, I?roprieois and their FatiorMo make up State*,

In Default, may be compelled to pay for all the Lands so valued in cumulo.

Tenants may complain of such States,

Proprietors have Relief.

Mode of sHV fling Burgh Ronds, Burghs, Villages, dec,

Assessors to return, on Oath, Lift of Occupier* of Burgh Roods and Houses, of Rtnts of Burgh Rood* s

Return also Lists of the inhab t-an» of each Parish:

of Horses and Servants 'or Hi re. Afllflois cbliged to act.

[Proviso.]

AflVflrnents, dec. payable half-yearly.

G. 24.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

occupied by them respectively, according as the said Lands (land valued in the Tax-roll of the Stewartry, at a Kate not exceeding the Sum of fifteen Shillings Sterling for each hundred Pound Scats of such valued Rent* except as to the fourth Division, as herein after mentioned: And all Occupiers of Burgh Roods, or Lands lying in the Territory of Royal Burghs* whether Proprietors or Tenants, shall pay, as Assessment or Conversion for Statute-labour, a Sum not exceeding three Pence Sterling per Antium^ for each Pound Sterling of yearly real Rent, payable for Burgh Lands occupied by them, which shall be diminished in the same Proportion that the aforesaid Assessment or Conversion of Lands in the Parish shall be dimi-nidled: And all Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire, shall pay a» Assessment or Conversion for Statute-labour of such Horses, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling yearly for each Horse so kept for Hire, and one Shilling Sterling yearly for each Person working the said Horse: And all Householders or Inhabitants of Royal Burghs and Villages, that now are, or hereafter may be, erected, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any House within the said Stewartry, shall, in the Place of their Statute-labour, pay yearly an Assessment or Conversion of one Shilling and six Pence Sterling for every Dwelling-house occupied by them, whereof the Rent exceeds fifteen Shillings Sterling yearly: And all Tradesmen and their Journeymen, not being Householders or Occupiers of Land (Apprentices bound by regular Indentures excepted), shall, in Lieu of Statute-labour, pay each one Shilling and six Pence Sterling yearly. And where Householders occupy any profitable Land near to their Houses, on which a Horse or Horses are employed or used for its Working or Improvement, the Valuation of which Land does not exceed twenty Pounds Scots, the said Householder or Occupier shall pay, as Assessment or Conversion for the Statute-labour of the said Horse, one Shilling Sterling for each Horse yearly, over and above what he shall be rated at for the Valuation of his Land.

IV. Provided always, That Servants hired by the Year and Cotters of other Labourers who are engaged to work by the Year, whose Matters shall be bound to pay an Assessment or Conversion as Occupiers of the Lands wherein such Servants, Cotters, and Labourers reside, shall not be liable to pay any Conversion for their Statute-labour. Provided also, That Clergymen and School matters shall not pay any Assessment or Conversion for their Manses, Glebes, or Houses, nor for Servants occupied therein, unless they shall be Occupiers of other Lands as Tenants or Proprietors; in which Case, they are to pay, for. such other Lands so occupied by them, according to the Rate of the Class to which they belong. Provided also. That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustee3 at their Division Meeting (herein after mentioned) to exempt from Payment of Assessment or Conversion for Statute-labour, such Persons as to then^ shall appear to be in indigent Circumstances.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Lands rated at a cumulo Valuation in the Books of the said Stewartry are occupied by Division or in separate Possessions, the ^Proprietors of such Lands, or their Factors, shall and are hereby required to make up and deliver to the Clerk of the General Meeting* upon the second Tucfdaj in June, as herein-afeer mentioned, or inten Days thereafter, a true State or Account of the Valuation of such respective Lands, with the Names.of the Tenants who occupy the same* and of the Parishes wherein they are situated, and the Proportion of valued Rent falling upon each Farm, suitable to the yearly Rent of the same: And, in case any Proprietor shall fail to give in such State or Account, it shall be in the Power of any five or more of the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorised by them, to compel such Proprietor or Proprietors to pay for the Whole of such Lands so valued in cumulo, according to the valued Rent thereof* in the Valuation Books of the said Stewartry* and to cause the same to be levied in the Manner and for the Purposes herein after mentioned: And in case any Tenant shall think such State of Valuation given in by the Proprietor unequal, it shall be lawful for such Tenant to complain to the next or any subsequent General Meeting of Trustees herein after mentioned, whose Determination thereon shall be final. And the Proprietors may recover in Manner herein after mentioned from their Tenants the Sums they may be obliged to pay for them respectively.

VI. And, for ascertaining the Conversion payable by the Occupiers of Burgh Roods and Houses in Royal Burghs and Villages, and by other Householders as above-mentioned,9 be it further enacted, That any five or more of the said Trustees, at their fi:ft General Meeting in June, or at any adjourned General Meeting of the said Trustees, and yearly thereafter, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to nominate and appoint two or more Assessors for each Borough, Village, and Division, within the said Stewartry, who, within the Space of one Calendar Month after their Appointment, shall yearly return upon Oath (to be administered by a Justice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of any of the Royal Burghs) to the Clerk of the General Meeting, as herein after mentioned, an exact Lift of the Occupiers of the said Burgh Roods and Houses, and the Rents of the said Burgh Roods, where the same are in Tenantry, or to the best of their Judgment the annual Value of such Burgh Roods, where they are in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, or where the Rent paid by the Tenant cannot be ascertained: And the said Assessors shall and are hereby required and empowered to make up full and distinct annual Lists of all the Inhabitants of each Parish, who are chargeable with any of the Conversions imposed by this Act, other than the landed Proprietors for their Valuation Lands: And also Accounts of the Horses and Servants kept therein for Hire and otherways, specifying the different Classes to which the said Inhabitants and Horses belong: Which Lifts and Accounts, when so made up, shall be delivered to the said Trustees at their Division Meeting, or to their Clerk, herein after mentioned: And the said Assessors are hereby required, and shall be obliged to act and to perform their Duty faithfully, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, tinder the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and applied as herein after mentioned: But no Person shall be obliged to hold the Office of Assessor for more than two Years successively, nor shall again be obliged to accept of the said Office, during the Space of six Years thereafter: And the whole Sums arising from the aforesaid Assessment or Conversion shall be paid in two equal Moieties^ on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June% and twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to.

525

A.D. 17So. Anno vicesimo (jeorgh III. C. 24.

the Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees, as herein after specified; and for which Receipts are to be given gratis in case the same are demanded.

1 VII. And, for the more effectual Execution of this Act, and of the Powers hereby granted,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees before-mentioned shall hold a General Meeting (five of whom to be a Quorum) at the Town Hall of Kirkcudbright on the second Tuesday in June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and shall form themselves into a regular Meeting, by chusing a Prefes and Clerk (which Clerk shall continue in Office until the next General Meeting for imposing the Land Tax), and shall proceed to concert and give proper Instructions for carrying this Act into Execution; at which Meeting the y are also to call for Extracts from the Books of the Clerk of Supply of the Valuation of each Parish in the Stewartry (which Extracts the said Clerk is hereby ordered to make out, and give in to the Meeting gratis): And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to fix the Rate of Assessment or Conversion for Statute-labour to be levied in each Parish or Division for that Year, although the previous State of the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, may not be made up, as herein after mentioned. And the Clerk to be chosen by the Meeting as aforesaid, after finding Caution for the faithful Execution of the Trust put in him, shall carefully ingross in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, the whole Proceedings of the said Meeting, and the Orders given by such Meeting, and by every other General Meeting: And the said Trustees shall thereafter hold two General Meetings at the said Town Hall of Kirkcudbright, the first of which shall be held upon the second Tuesday in October yearly, at which they the said Trustees shall annually receive a Report from each Division (as herein after specified) of the State of the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries therein, with Estimates of the Expencesne-ceftary for repairing them: And the other General Meeting of the Trustees shall be held at the same Place, m)on the Day appointed by Act of Parliament for imposing the Land Tax; at which last Meeting, the Clerk to the said Trustees is to be annually chosen, and the Rate of AflVfTment or Conversion, payable by each Parish or Division for the Year ensuing, is to be fixed; and the said Trustees, or a Majority of them present at the said General Meetings, are hereby authorised and impowered to adjourn such respective Meetings to such other Time as they may judge proper; and the Clerk is hereby required to give, at lead, ten Days previous Notice of such Adjournment in one of the Dumfries or Edinburgh Newspapers: And the said Clerk shall also receive and ingross in a Book or Books the Reports made to the General Meeting from Division Meetings (herein after to be specified); all which Books shall at all Times be open and free for the Inspection of any of the said Trustees gratis: And that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Trustees, at any such General Meeting, shall be valid, unless made or done by a Majority of the Trustees then present, such Majority not being less than five.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Stewartry shall be classed or arranged into eight Divisions; that is to say. The first Division to consist of the rariflies of Kirk-cudbright, Rerrick, and Kclton. The second Division to consist of the Parishes of Borgue, Twynholm, Tung-land, and Balmaghie. The third Division to consist of Girthon, Anwoth, and Kirkmabreck The fourth Division to consist of Minnigaff, Kells, Carsfairn, Dairy, and Balmaclellan. The fifth Division to consist of the Parishes of Parton, Kirkpatrick-Durham, and Crojjmichael. The sixth Division to consist of the Parishes of Buitle, Orr, Colvend, and Kirkgunion. The teventh Division to consist of the Parishes of Kirk-bean, New-abbey, and Troqueer. And the eighth and last Division to consist of the Parishes of Kirkpatrick-Jrongray, Tereaglcs, and Locbrutton. In each of which Divisions the first General Meeting in June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall appoint a Conveener, who is hereby required to write, or cause to be written, a Letter to every Trustee rending or having Property in the said Divisions, appointing them to meet at such Place as may be most convenient for the Generality of the Trustees in the said Division; which Division Meeting shall not be later than three Weeks after the said General Meeting in June: And the Trustees (three of whom to be a Quorum in the Division Meetings), when so convened, are to chuse & Prefes and Clerk, and to proceed to execute the Instructions that shall be given to them by the General Meeting; and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they shall see Cause 5 and are to ascertain the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, most necessary to be made or repaired, and to contract with proper Undertakers for executing the same: And they are also to appoint a Collector for each Division, who must find Caution, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees in each Division, or any three or more of them, for the faithful Execution of the Tiuft reposed in him, and collect, at the Periods above fixed, the Assessment or Conversion which the General Meeting shall have ascertained to be paid by each Class above specified in each Parish, in Conformity to the Lifts and Accounts made up and given in by the Assessors above mentioned. And the Collector shall account faithfully to the Trustees in each Parish for the whole Money he shall collect therein, and the same shall be regularly entered in Books, to be kept by him for that Purpose, and also reported to and ingrossed by the Clerk of the General Meeting. And the Collector shall account every six Months, or oftener (if required by any three or more of the said Trustees), upon Oath, to be administered by any two of the Justices of the reace in the said Stewartry: And in case any Collector, after ten Days Notice being given to him for that Purpose in Writing by three or more of the said Trustees, shall refuse to give in such Account or Accounts, and to swear to the Truth thereof, or shall refuse to pay the Balance due thereon, to the Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, to receive the same; then, and in such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace for the said Stewartry, to commit the Offender to the County Gaol, there to remain until such Accounts, and all the Expences attending the Recoveiyof the Balance due thereon, shall be paid and fully satisfied, or until he shall be liberated therefrom in due Course of Law.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees in each Parish, or any two or more of them, shall meet at the Parish Church, on the first Thursday in October yearly, and there make up particular States of the several Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within the Parishes respectively, and Estimates of the Sums necessary for making, widening, and repairing the said Roads, Bridges, and Ferries,

Trustees to hold a General Meet-ingin Junei/So;

to call for Vila-irion Booksj and to fix the Rate of AftefC-ment, See,

Clerk.

Two Ceneral Meetings annually,

who may adjourn.

Clerk to keep Books.

Stewartry arranged into 04* fifioac.

Conveners Division Meetings—their Duty.

Business of Division Meeting

Th-y may adjourn, &c.

Division Colle&ort, their Duty.

Must account; every six Months, or oftener. Penalty.

Parish Meeting the first Thurs-dav in O&rber veaily, must make of States and Estimates,

526 C. 24; Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

and Accounts of Atfcflments, &c.

If any Complaint against same. General Mccti ig to appoint a Committee to iofpe&, &c.

Rule for Rate of AfTtffment, Sec, to be applied within the Parish,

except Salaries* and Expence of Management, which must not exited 7 l-iwlf per Cent, f and except also what is, with Content, applied on Roads, &c. toother Parishes. Parish or DUi-lioiT Meetings failing to give in States, &c. to be act'efled in the full maximum*

Trustees to defray their own Ex peaces.

Division Meeting subject toGe-neral Meeting. Deficte-ntt to be poinded.

Same eompataat to Proprietors against their Tenants.

Collector s making a false Accusation, liable in Triple Damages}

and to pty Sums omitted to be collided by them.

Objections, Appeal, dec. not to flop P-yment; reserving Action for Redrest.

Roads, Arc. in

4thl)ivision more difficult to make.

General Meeting the refore. On Application of Trustees having x-thirds of Valuation in

for the Year ensuing 5 and shall also make up an Account of the Application of the Assessments or Con- versions for Statute-labour theretofore levied: Which States, Estimates, and Accounts, shall be reported to the General Meeting of Trustees, on the second Tuesday in Oticber annually, and a Copy of them lodged with the Collector of each Division Meeting, to be at all Times open to the Inspection of the Trustees in such Division gratis: And if any Person shall object or complain that the Report made of the State of the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within any Parish, is not just, the said General Meeting shall appoint a Committee to inspeil the same, and to report the true State thereof to the next subsequent General Meeting, or Adjournment of the same; and such States, Estimates, and Accounts, or Reports thereof, when approved, shall be lodged with the Records of the General Meeting: In Conformity to which Re* ports, the Valuation of Lanas, and the Lift and Account of Inhabitants and Houses in each Parish and Division, the General Meeting for fixing the Rate of Assessment or Conversion, shall, and are hereby required to ascertain and determine the Rate and Sums to be annually levied from each Parish and Division respectively; which Sums, so ascertained, shall be applied by the Trustees in each Division aforesaid; but in such Manner as that the whole Money levied in each Parish shall be applied to the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within the same, except the necessary Expences of Management, and the Salaries to Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers; which Expences of Management, and Salaries to Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, as well those of the General as of the Divisi »n Meetings, shall not in the Whole exceed seven and one half per Centum of the maximum A (fir Ament or Conversion fixed to be taken by this Act, and shall be divided as the Trustees at the General Meeting shall direct; and except also such Part thereof as shall, by the Consent of a Majority of the Trustees residing or having Property in each Parish, be applied for making, widening, or repaying any of the principal High-roads, Bridges, or Ferries, leading from the same through other Parishes.

X. Provided always, That if the Trustees in any Parish or Division'shall negleff to make up and give in to the General Meeting, to be held in October, such States, Estimates, or Reports, as above specined* then the Trustees, at the General Meeting for fixing the Rate and Amount of the Assessment or Conversion, shall assess such Parish or Division in the full maximum of the Assessment or Conversion above-mentioned, to be taken in lieu of Statute-labour.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at all their General or Division Meetings, shall pay and defray their own Expences; and that the whole Procedure of the Trustees in the Division Meetings shall always be subject to the Controul of the General Meetings.

Xlt. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, liable to pay the said Assessment or Conversion for Statute-labour, shall refuse to pay the same to the Collector, on or beforerbe resperftive Days above specified for Payment, thereof, it shall then be lawful for the Steurajt-depKite, or any of his Substitutes, or for two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Stewartry, to gram a Warrant for poinding the Effects of the Deficient in a summary Manner, to appraise them on the Spot where found and afterwards to sell the same by Auction, for Payment of the Assessment or Conversion that (balLbe due, together with the full Charges attending the Recovery thereof, and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid, when demanded, to the Person whose Effects shall have been so poinded: Which Warrants are to be so granted by the Stewart-depute, or Substitutes, or Julies aforesaid, upon an Application made to them, or any of them, and an Attestation subscribed by any of the Collectors, certifying that the Persons complained of have been deficient in paying the Af&ffments or Conversions above-mentioned, and expressing therein the Arrear of each Person; and the same summary Recourse shall be competent to Proprietors of Land, who may be obliged to pay the Assessment or Conversion for their Tenants, in case the Tenant shall not repay his Landlord within ten Days after he shall be required by him so to do.

XIII. Provided always, That the Stewart-depute, or his. Substitutes, or the Justices of the Peacp fop

the said Stewartry, or any two or n\ore of them, shall award the Value of Triple Damages sustainest by any Person or Persons aggrieved by the Execution of a Warrant granted as 3boye; which are to

be paid by the Collector, upon whose Attestation such Warrant shall have been granted, in icafc it shall appear to the said Stewart-depute, or his Substitutes, or to the said Justices of the reace, that the said Collector has made a false Accusation against any Person liable as aforesaid; which Triple Damage^ shall be wholly payable to the Parties aggrieved, and shall be levied as above directed with respect to poinding the £ffe<3s of Deficients: And in case any of the Collectors shall fail or omit to exact the aforesaid Assess-tnents or Conversions, every such)Collector shall be liable, by a Sentence of the said Stewart-depute, or arry of his Substitutes, or any one or more of the said Justices of the Peace, tp pay the Assessment or Conversion* money so failed or omitted to be exafled by him-

XIV. Provided always, That no Objections tv the prepared States and Eftiroatci of I^penqes of High* ways. Bridges, and Ferries, nor any Complaint or Appeal that may be made respecting the Assessments og Conversions, or other Matters hereby directed, shall stop the Payment of the several Assessments or Cor- versions; but the Parties who may think themselves aggrieved shall nevertheless be at Liberty to bring an Action for Redress in Manner herein after mentioned.

XV. And whereas the Highways and Roads in the Parishes of MinnlgaffJfcV/s, Carsfairn, Dalry% c and Balmaclellan, being the fourth Division of the said Stewartry, are more extensive, and will be much more difficult to make, widen, repair, and keep in Repair, than the Highways and Roads in any of the other Parishes in the said Stewartry; and therefore 4bs said Assess.neot or Conversion of fifteen Shillings Sterling for each hundred Pounds Sects of Valuation, and three Pence Sterling for each Pound Sterling of real Rent of Borough Roods in the said fourth Division of the said Stewartry, will be in adequate to the Expences thereof be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall he in the Power of the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them, at their General Annual Meeting for fixing the Rate of Coiy-version, or Adjournments thereof as aforesaid and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Application being made to them by any of the said Trustees gofleffing'two-thirds of the Valuation and Property

iu

J

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 24. 527

in the said fourth Division, to fix the Assessment or Conversion to be taken in lieu of Statute-labour in fourth Division, the said fourth Division, at any Rate that shall not exceed twenty Shillings Sterling for every hundred mayafrefs ma Pounds Scots of Valuation of Lands, and four Pence Sterling for every Pound Sterling of real Rent of Bo- fn^osoniool! rough Roods in the said fourth Division; provided nevertheless that the Assessment or Conversion to be Season Land, taken from Householders and Tradesmen and their Journeymen, or for Horses and Servants in the said and4d.f*r fourth Division, shall not be altered from the Assessment or Conversio to be generally taken in the rest of Po-mdSterling the Stewartry for the like Classes; which Ailtssment or Conversion to be fixed and taken in the said fourth ?nBurg^/tv’ Division, shall be levied in the same Manner as any other Assessment or Conversion is by this Act autho- onNoufebolder" rifed and directed to be levied, and shall be applied within the same Division in Manner before directed. &c;

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be persons wiiling twilling to advance and lend Money without Interest, for the more speedy making, widening, or repairing to lend Money any particular Roads within any Parish in the said Stewartry, the said Trustees at their said General Meet- for making parings shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised to fix and ascertain the Rate and Amount of the ticu, ar Roads. Conversion or Assessment to be levied upon Valuation of Lands, or real Rent of Borough Roods, in the Termsofibii Parish where the Money shall be so advanced and lent, for the three Years then next ensuing, and to allot ©rassign the Whole, or such Part thereof, to the Person or Persons so advancing and lending Money, as shall henereflary for Repayment thereof, within the said Space of three Years; which Money so advanced and lent shall be no Burthen on the AfitiTment or Conversion of the Stewartry in general, but only ©n the Assessment or Conversion of the particular Parish for which such Money shall be advanced and lentj provided always, that no greater Sum shall be allotted or assigned as aforesaid, at any one Time, than the Amount of the Assessment or Conversion for three Years; and such Allotment or Assignment shall not be made, unless with the Consent of a Majority of the Trustees residing within such particular Parish; and the Whole of iihe Money that shall be so advanced and lent, shall be applied solely to the particular Road or Roads for the making or repairing of w'Jch such Money shall be fb advanced and lent.

‘ XVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees fn their General Trustees or Division Meetings, or a Quorum of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised to cause the Highways Road,» r j ; or Roads, Bridges and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, to be amended, widened, and repaired, in such (Manner as they shall think proper; and also to cause such Drains to be cut and made through any Ground or to cutDramij lying contiguous to the said Roads; and new Arches and Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber, to be made Bridges; and creded upon the said Roads; and any old Bridges which may become useless or unnecessary, by or pull 4own, oid dunging *she Course of the Roads or otherwise, to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be applied o^ess in building new Arches, or for repairing the said Highways or Roads, as they shall see proper: And also to cause such Parts of the said Roads as are not of a sufficient Breadth to be widened, and made of such JUads, nut*. Tread ih as they shall think proper, not execeeding ten Yards; and also to cause the Course of such Part «edingao or Parts of the said Roads as they shall think proper to be changed or altered for shortening the same, or for Ya?d*1 making them more accessible; and for that Purpose to cause to be pulled down (if necessary) any Houses, May alter Roadi, the Side Walls of which are not more than twelve Feet high; provided nevertheless, that previous Appli- *nd pull dowa cation shall be made to, and the Consent of the Majority of the Trustees at a General Meeting obtained, Houfta:

as well for altering and widening the said Roads, as for pulling down the said Houses.

XVIII. Provided always, That in all such Alterations, and in widening the said Roads, the said Trusteeb Bytmuftobrerra dhall, in every Particular, follow the Method prescribed in the general Act of the eleventh Year of his Method settled -present Majesty, for widening of Roads -in Scotland 5 and also where any Houses, or any Partfc of Houses, 'ty *rGe<V shall be taken down by Authority of this Act for the altering or widening of any of the said Roads, the ’*" full Value of all such Loss as shall be thereby sustained by the Owners or Possessors of such Houses shall be first paid to them; and for ascertaining the said Loss, the said Trustees shall follow the same Method ras is directed for ascertaining and paying the Value and Damages incurred by altering or widening Roads,

the said Act of the eleventh of his present Majesty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any thrte or hiorfe of them, or such Pe^- Traftcamy son or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, take, and carry away, Gravel, Furze, HefctH, uktMatamJ© Stones, or other such like Materials, out of the several Grounds of any PeHon, where such Materials may *c.

be found, not being dug or raised for the private Use of the Proprietor of such Grounds, for making, repairing, and amending the said Roads, or for building Arches and Bridges as aforesaid, and to open Accedes for carrying off the said Materials; such Aceesses, and the Places from which the said Materials 'shall be proposed to be taken, being first marked out by any three or more of the said Trustees, if so required by the said Proprietor of such Grounds, or his or her Factor, or by the Occupier thereof; they on payingD*. the (bid Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction, out of the Money arising by virtub of Act, %b the mages. Owners or Occupiers of the Grounds respectively, from which such Materials shall be- takeriv-f>r over 'Which the dame may. be carried, for the Damages to be done thereby; but if such Proprietor,’ Fadtoir,

©(‘Occupier, fhaW not be satisfied with the Satisfaction offered by the said Trustees, the same shall, upon Application made to the Stewart for that Purpose, be ascertained by a Jury, in the same Manner as pre-feribrd in the said Act of the eleventh of his present Majesty; but such Application shall not prevent the r said Trustees from causing the said Materials to be carried off and tifed in the qnean Time.

XX. And whereas an easy Access to Water-earring*, and to the Sea, may terid much to the Improve- Roadimay

mient of ^Agricuftutb and-Commence;* be k therefore further enacted, That it shall be irt the*Po^ver of made to Seaports, <he said Trustees, at tfoeir General Annual "Meetings, to order and oause any Roads to be rtvadd within’^he Ac* "

3L?wits of the-(hid Stewartry, fivtbemeareft and tnoft convenient Direction from the great RpMsj fjbl bury

rto the different Pores or-Places within the said Stewartry mehfihned in the Book of Rates,* but Also tbWafds the following Places J that is to say, Carfnaw, Park M^Clurz, Palneur below Bridge, Skyrtburh',' PI Jet-bridge,

'the {fie Mouth of Knoekkrex^ Kirk-andrew^ Brighouse-bay, Balmangart-bay, Tungland, Tar ft below Bridge, 4

Mankfw4tns-Mtj Mullock-bay^ NclUrUrw-bxrnfcTty AuiheHtoti&t) Garden-truk, Dub of Haft w DaBcatit-

V y y a burn>

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

528 C. 24.

A.D. 17801.

and to Ltoding* placti on tho Rivers of Dee and Ken*

But Proprietor! to be previousty paid.

Other Conditions*

No House, Carden, &c. to be prejudiced*

Pcfleflbct to clean Ditches made by them*

In Default, Truilre* may. order it at their Ceft.

Ditches and Drains made by Trustees to be fcovred et public Expense. Pofftflors ob- ' ft rutting the same, to pay Triple Expence*

Water carried across any Road, Kl annex thereof.

No Houses to be built herea'tcr nearer than i* Fort hom the Qeatac of the Road.

No Annoyance l to be laid on the Roads, dec* Head, ridges* Gates*

Drains*

burn* Southwick-burn* Saturness-point* Neufabbtj-fafrn, Laghall and Orcbyardtoun-htfn \ and also toward* the following Places on the Loch of Kin> and the River Dee, that is to say, at and opposite to the Boatcrofi of Livingston on both Sides of the River Dee, at Little Kenmorey on the West Side of Loch Ken, and at and opposite to the Place called Citbbox ljle, on both Sides of Ken. Provided always, That three Months previous Notice at the least be given thereof to the respective Proprietors of the Lands through which such Roads shall be made, and such Proprietors shall be previously paid not only the Value of the Land to be used in making such new Roads, and the Fences to be made along both Sides thereof, but also of the Ground necessary for a Landing-place, whereon to lay Lime, Shells, Coals, or other Goods, and also the Expence of fencing off the same; which Ground to be used for a Landing-place, the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, or any Committee by them named, shall appoint and mark out, not exceeding one Acre: Provided also, That no Warehouse or other House or Building whatever shall be erected upon the said Landing-place, or upon the new Roads to be set out as last mentioned. And for ascertaining and fixing the Damages and Value aforesaid, the same Mode shall be followed as is prelcrtbed by the said Act of the eleventh of his present Majesty, for determining the Value and Damage anting from widening Roads to thirty Feet, rrovided also. That in altering, widening, or making the Roads aforesaid, or in digging or taking away the aforesaid Materials, nothing shall be done that may any Way prejudice an? House or Building, the Side Walls of which are above twelve Feet high, or any Garden; Orchard,* or Planted Walk, or any Avenue appertaining to such House.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have been; or Time coming shall be made through any Fields adjoining to any of the said Roads, either for preventing Water running upon, or for conveying the Water from, any of the Highways or Roads in the said Stewartry, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, then such Proprietors or Occupiers shall and are hereby required to keep those Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the Water to stagnate therein \ and in case of their failing so to do, after ten Days Notice previously given, the Overseers of the fad Roads, being so ordered by any one of the said Trustees, may, and are hereby required to order such Ditches to be cleansed, opened, and scoured, at the Costs and Expences of the Proprietors or Occupier* of the Fields through which those Ditches shall be made; and upon their refuting Payment of such Costs and Expences, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said Stewartry, or any tww or more of them, or the Stewart-depute, or his Substitute, to levy such Costs and Expences by Distrest and Sale, in the same Manner as is herein*before directed for levying the Assessment or Convertionvmofley aforesaid. Provided always, That the Ditches and Drains which shall be made by Order of the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, shall be scoured and kept in Repair out of the Money anting by virtue of this Act; and if any Proprietor or Occupier of Land, through which any such Ditches or Drains are or shall be made, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay Triple the Expence of repairing and scouring the same, to be recovered in Manner herein-a/aer mentioned.; and the said Proprietor or Occupier shall be deemed the Transgressor, unless it shall be proved that the Transgression was committed by some other Person* And where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across any Road, for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it passes, dull be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains along the Sides of such Road with sufficient Stones, in such Manner as the Course of the Water in the Drains mav not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced: Provided always, That no Occupier of Land shall conduct any Water across any Road for the meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, until he shall have applied for, and obtained the Consent of a Quorum of the said Trustees retiding in the Division where the Road is situated? and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain of such Depth and Construction as that the Water may not prejudice the Road.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Houses shall, after the passing of this Act, be buite near the Sides of any public Roads, or in any Villages, or in case any Houses or other Buildings of any Kind shall be erected at or near the Outlets of any Town, within the said Stewartry, where Houses have not formerly been built or erected, no such House or other Building shall be built within the Distance of twenty-two Feet from the Middle of any of the said public Roads or Highways, under the Penalty of forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, and the Expence of demolishing such House or Edifice; and R shall be lawful for any one or more of the said Justices of the Peace to stop the building or erectinjg of every such House or Building as he or they shall apprehend to be within the said Distance horn the Middle of the said Roads or Highways, by an Order in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, until such Time as sufficient Evidence shall be brought before him or them, that such Building shaft be built or erected beyond foe Distance aforesaid; and if such Proof shall not be adduced at or before the next General Quarter Sessions for the said Stewartry* it shall be lawful for any two or more of the said Justices of the Peace to Order such Building to be pulled down and removed at the Expence of the Ereder, or of the Occupier of the Ground, and to grant a Warrant for levying the same as herein after mentioned*

XXIII. And, for preventing Annoyances in the said Roads/ be it further enacted, That every Person, in plowing any Field contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head-ridges along the Side of the Roads, of the Breadth of twenty-four Feet at least; and all Gates upon Inclosure? next to any of the High Roads, shall open inwards to the Field; and no Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber, Stones Lime, dead Horses, or other Carrion, Dung, Soil, Compost, Afoes, Rubbish, or othor Matter, upon any of the said Roads, or in the Trenches or Drains along the Sides of the same, except Materials for incloting of Grounds adjoining to the said Roads; which, nevertheless foal I be folaid down, as not to interrupt a free and cafy Passage along the Roads for two Carriages, nor the Courie of the Water in the Drains; and that in making any covered or arched Passage or Drain for Water across any the said Rq*ds, a safe and easy Passage along one Half of such Road shall be lea without any Obftnidhoa

ekhtf

A. JD; 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 529

either by breaking the Road, or laying downMaterfak rbutlhesaid covered Drain or Passage shall bes made across, and completely finished across one Waif of the Road before the other Half shall be opened $ and the Whole, or the open Part thereof, shall, if practicable, be completed in one Day, or otherwise the Materials for executing the same shall be so well fenced off, that Passengers may suffer no Injury thereby; which Precautions, and Manner of executing covered Drains as aforesaid, shall be ftriAly observed by all Contractors or others employed in making or repairing the said Roads. And every Person offending Penalty, herein, shall not only forfeit the Materials laid down, but also the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-ascer directed, one Half thereof to be- paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making or repairing the said Roads.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the first Day of No~ Every Th?i»* vember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be dra*n on j-h« hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone* on, whttU Iron, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel-carriage (except Sledges or Sledge-carrs carriage, that are used for carrying large Stones, Grain, Hay, and Manure), or shall suffer any Tree, or other Exception. Matter whatsoever* which can be conveyed upon a Wheel-carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said,

Roads; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling, to be Penilty. recovered and levied in Manner herein after dtrected.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any threeor Trust«im»r more of them, at their general annual Meetings, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and erect Milestone* Stones or Posts to be ereAedon the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance, at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; and also, to order or cause to be erected Guide-posts upon such.

Part of the said Roads, where the Roads are crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper? Penalty fbrde-And if. any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface, any such Mile-stones or Guide-poftsr rhcfe or shall break down the Cape-stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges on ^or brcaldncW the said Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficient covered Mpet wills of Or ahehed Drainer Passage shall bave been previously made, as before directed, or shall be aiding and afljfting Bridge* $ -therein," or shall refeue or attempt to relcue any Person apprehended for any such Offence; every Person for turning W«-bffeoding in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath of one or more, credible: Witness or Witnesses, before the Stewart-depute of the said Stewartry, or his Substitute, or before two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Stewartry, shall, for a first Offence, be not only adjudged jtb pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds, hor less than twenty Shillings Sterling; and for a second, or any subsequent Offence, shall, besides paying the Daniages and Expmces, pay a Penalty not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than two Pounds Sterling.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, so soon as the Roads in any one when Road* in Parifirlhall be completely repaired to the Satisfaction of the Trustees in such Parish, the said Trustees ard any Pa rift are hereby impowered to apply to any of the said General Meetings, who are hereby required to appoint a complete, Trof-Committee to inspeA the said Roads: And if the said Committee shall find, and report to the General

Meeting of the said Trustees, that the Roads in the said Parish shall be then completely repaired 5 it shall "'P* be in the Power of the said General Meeting to diminish the Assessment or Conversion of the said Parish to such a Sum as they shall think necessary for keeping the said Roads in good and proper Repair, and for defraying the Proportion of the Expences of Management with respect to such Parish.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties' in- Penalties u4 flicted, or authorised to be imposed, in relation to any Matter or Thing in this A A contained, the Manner Ferfelmre* hew of levying and recovering whereof is not otherways particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Of- recovered., fence, before Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Stewart-depute of the said Stewartry, or his Substitute, either by the Confession of the Party, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party dr Parties offending, by Walrbnt under the Hand of such Justices, or of the said Stewart-depute or his Substitute (which Warrant is hereby authorised and required to be

f ranted, and Oaths administered by the said Justice^ Ot Stewart-depute, or his Substitute, gratisJ, such ale being always made by public AuAion to the highest* Offerer, at such Places'as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within three Days after such Distress shall have been made; and the overplus Money arising from such Sale (after the Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered; tfnd the Charges thereof deduAedJ shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner Or Owners of such Goods and Chattels. And all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be piid ta the said Trustees, or their Collectors for the Time Hm*tobe*p. being.; and shall be laid out and applied in Repairing of such of the Roads upon or in respect whereof P,icd* such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred. And, in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such 0» Failure of Forfeitures and Penalties shall hot forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any two of the said Justices of Distrer8> Of the Peace, or for the Stewart-depute of the said Stewartry, or his Substitute, together with one Justice of fe?d^tob*cora-the Peace, and rhey are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Of- milt fender or Offenders to be committed to any House of Correction, or Common Gaol, in the said Stewartry, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonaWe Charges-, shall be sooner paid and Satisfied.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think him or herself How Parr let a g« Aggrieved by any df-the Proceedings in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Method of grieved may ob« Relief has been hereby provided* such Person or Persons *may, at any Time within twelve Months after UinRedress*. the Matter complained of shall be done (but not afterwards), appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions for the said Stewartry, the Person or Persons appealing (rft giving fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Clerk of the said Justices of the Peace, and lodging with him, at the Time of entering the said Appeal, a Recognizance to prosecute the same, and to pay Triple Costs, in case, upon \

DikiiJfcoa thereof, it shall appear ground!efs: And the said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and

required

53°

AflVfiment for bu liiirg and repairing Bridges, to continue as at present.

A Trustee may as a Justice of the Peace. Exception.

Land.owners to pay Expence of obtaining this Act.

Limitation of Anions.

[Public Act.]

[Preamble.]

Prom ‘May fi, 1780, all Duties on Pot and Pearl Ashes, &c. imported from any foreign Part of ' finrope, toectfe. New Duties grante

New Duties to be paid in ready Money, and collected and applied at I he former Duties,

Continuance of taia Act.

G. 25. AhhoJvicefimb Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

required to take Cognisance of such Complaint* and Appeals,'«Tid to make faeji Determination therein, as they shall think proper; and such Determination shall be final.

XXIX. Provided always*, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall take away or leifen the Power which ’the ComnwiTioner6 of Supply and Justices of the Peace have, by the present Law, to assess themselves for the Expence of building and repairing Bridges in the said Stewartry.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be no Objection- to any Person acting tm a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is hereby appointed a Tfuftee, except where such Trustee is personally interested, m which Case he (h!all not fit or aft is a Justice of the Peace: Provided always, that none of the said Trtiftees shall hold ^ny Place of Profit trader this Act* .

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of paifine; this Act*

as settled and allowed at the first Meeting of the said Trustees appointed to put the same in Execution, shall be defrayed and levied by m Tax upon the Heritors or Land-owners within the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, according to the Valuation of their respective Lands; and to be collected by the Collector of the Land Tax, or any other Person appointed by the General Meeting of the said Tniftees.to.be hokien as aforesaid. h 4; n,

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Sait; shall be commenced for any Thing which shall have been done in purfuahoeof this Act, every such Action -or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after thepaft committed, and not afterwards.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof ax such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, for a

limited Time.

WHEREAS Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed A(be$, are essentially necessary in the whitening of Linen Cloth and Thread, and, in the preparing of Linen Yarn for the Looip, and ate used in several other Manufactures of this Kingdom; and in order to promote and encourage Fuch Mami-

factures, it-is expedient to reduce the Duties payable by Law upop the Impprtatiop of frith Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, from any foreign Part of L.uropc> for a limited Time:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tbts present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from apd after the thirty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and during the Continuance of this Act* the several Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of Pot and Pyarl Ashe$, Wood and Weed Afbcs, from any foreign Part of Europe mi to this Kingdom, shall cease and determine; Mid in lieu and instead thereof, therefball be raised, levied, collectedi and paid, the Sum of two, Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight avoirdupois, of fqch Pojt and Pearl Ashes; anct the Sum of fixrence for every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Avpirdupoift, of such Wood and Weed Ashes, which shall be so imported into Great Britain from any foreign Place or Country in Europe; subject >nevertheless to an Additional Iropvft of five Popnds^ar Centum* in the same Manner, and under the dime Regulations, as the {additional JDoty of five.Pounds per Centum is granted to his Majesty, by an Act made in the Uft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majes.j additional Duties upon the Produce of the fevered Duties under the Management of the respective CommijUners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity thcteoT; any Thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties made payable by

this Act upon such Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed AGies, shall be paid down in ready Moncjt, without any Discount or Allowance upon Importation, or any Drawback upop Exportation, apd shall, w all other Respects, be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and shall be applied and appropriated to the same Uses as the former Duties were applicable, by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former Duties, whichai* repealed, by tbijs Aa, were raised, levied, collected, recoveted, paid, applied, and appropriated, and were fpbjestand liable to;, and, all the Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, contained in the several Acts of Parliament nelative thereto, which are now in Force and not altered by this Act,*Ihalhhe applied,;practised, and executed, for the ^railing, levying, collecting, recovering, paying and applying, the said Duties according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue inEotce until the thirty-first: Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*three. t

A.D. 1y8ol

Anno vicesimo G e 6* g i i HI.

C. 26.

53l

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Aberystwyth> in the County of Cardigan.

WHEREAS the Town of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan, is a Port of very considerable < y, Tr3<je> tyhich hath of late Years greatly increased, and the Ships and Vessels now belonging to the Harbour there, and trading to and frorn the said Port, are more numerous and of larger Dimensionc than heretofore And whereas the Harbour of the said Port, by reason of a large Bank of Sand which erodes the Entrance of it, is so greatly obstructed that the navigating of Vessels even of very small Burthen, into or out of the same, is become very difficult and dangerous, and often impracticable, to the great Detriment of the Trade of the said Town and Port, and to the Danger and Inconvenience, as well of Ships and Vessels belonging to the same, which, by reason of such Obstruction, are obliged to ride in the Bay of Cardigan^ as of such other Ships and Vessels as are driven on the Coast by Stiefs of Weather: And whereas several Sums of Money have been from Time to Time expended in improving the said Harbour, which afforded only a temporary Relief \ for the Storm? from the Sea gradually formed a fresh Bank of Sand to obstruct the Entrance instead of the Obstruction removed y and the Harbour in' its present ruinous State is in great Danger of being intirely loft and destroyed; which renders the clearr ing, deepening, enlarging, and securing the same, and the making of sufficient additional Works thereto, absolutely necessary, both for public Utility, and the Preservation. and Advantage of the Trade of the said Town and Port; but as the same cannot be effectually done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament,’ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable the Earl of Lisburne, "John Adapts of Peterwelly Thomas AUcock of Fron Fralih, John Campbell of Stackpool Courty Matthew Davies of Qwmcynfely Thomas Davies of Aberystwyth, John Davies of Creigiauy John Guynne of Afynachty, Lewis Gwynne of the same, John Griffith of Fen Fontbren, Cornelius Griffith of Ltanbadarny Edward Hughe* of Aberllolivyny John Hughes of Morfeiy Th:mas Herbert of Aberystwyth, John Hughes of Ty Mawry David Williams Hopkins of Aberystwyth, Thomas Johnes senior of Croft CajlUy Thomas Johnes junior of LlanfaWy Thomas Johnes' of Abermeady John Jcnes of Crynfryn, John James of Aberystwyth, John Jones of Dqlau Cothy, John Jones of Cefn y Coedy William Jones of Troed y Rhiwy William Jones, of Aberystwyth, Henry Jones of Tyglyny Sir Watkin Lewes Knight, Edward Loveden Loveden of Go~ garthany Thomas Lloyd of Abertrynanty the Reverend Richard Lloyd Vicar of Llanbadarnfawry James Lloyd of Mahus, Joins Lloyd of the same* John Lewis of Caermat thcny John Lewis of Aberystwyth% John Lewis of Llanllyry William Lewis of the same, John Lewis of Llanaurony William Lewis of the same, Walter Lewis of Coed Mawry Thomas Lewis Lloyd of Werny'David Alorgan of Llanfraedy John Morgan of Aberystwyth, Thomas Owen of Aberyjhuytby the Reverend William Powell of Nant Eos LL. D. Thomas Powell of the same*. John Parry of Aberyjlw) thy Philip Pugh of Tyglyn% Thomas Parry of Lhdiardau% George Parry of Haverford-west, Roderick Richards, of Pqn y Glaisy Griffith Roderick of Aberystwyth, Richard Richards, of Carrogy Thomas Rogers of Geliiy Lewis Regers of the same, Thomas Steedy the Honourable John Vaughan^ John Vaughan of Golden Grovey the Reverend Isaac Williamt. of Llanrh\Jlydy John Williams -of Cajile Hilly John Watktn% Nathaniel Williams of Rhand\f% and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall tc, and they aae hereby constituted ^od..appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That four General Quarterly Meetings of the said Trustees shall be JheJd at such House or Place in AlgryJhvyth aforesaid as they, Qr any five or more of them* shall from Time to Time appoint, upon the first Monday in J^nuary9 ther first Monday in Aprils the first Adonday in July^ aind the first Monday in 'October, x early and every Year for ever; at e^ch of which said Quarterly Meetr ings the said Trustees, pr any five or more of them, shall inspect, epam.ine^ audit* adjust,' settle, and make up all the Accounts of the next preceding Quarter relating to the said Harbour; and that the first of the said Meetings shall be held at the House of Richard Fey in Aberystwyth aforesaid, upon the said first Mow day in July one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and all such General Quarterly Meetings shall begin -between the Hours of Ten and Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, whereon any such Meeting shall he held; and the said Trustees, at all Meetings vto be held for the Purposes of this Act, shall ^pay and defray theif own, Charges and Expences.

III. And be it fy/ffier enacted, Tjjat all ACb, Matters, and Things, hereby authorised or required to Wdone by any five or more of the said Trustees in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities herein contained, shall be done at Meetings to be* held in pursuance of ttys Act* and not otherwise: And if at any General Quarterly Meeting hereby appointed to be held, or at any Adjournment thereof, there shall jK>t appear ? sufficient Number of Trustees. to act, the Trustee or Trustees thpn.prefegr, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, from Time to Time as often as it shall so happen, adjourn the said Meeting, ’and appoint a Meeting of the said Trustee? to be held on that Day Fortnight at the Pla$e where the last Westing was appointed t9 have been held.

V:iV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Persone herein-before constituted and appointed ^Trustees, or that shall be elected or appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall die, refigo, or become disqualified to act, that then and in such Case, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving Trustees, within the Space of one Calendar Month next afrer any such Death, Resignation, or Disciualincation shall happen, or be known to have happened, and they* or any five or more of them, are hereby required to elect and appoint such Person (baying an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Tiereditamems, in his own Right, ot in Right of his Wife, within the said County of Cardigan, of the

5 clear

Preamble*.

Trustees*

Timet and Places for hoisting the Meeting* of Trustees.

Trustees to psy their own Charges.

No Acts to be valid unless don* t Meetings.

How Trustees shall be elected u> the Room of such as shall die* rchgn, 6cu

S3*

Persons holding Places of Profit under this A<fl, incapaSk of acting as Trustees.

Penalty on Persons adk ng as

TiuMcef, if not qualified.

Power to deepen end enlarge the Harbour,

Mips to be left in the Breastworks f« r launching Vessels.

Part of the Warte below Abcrylt-wytli Bridge veiled in TruAcei.

TruAeei enabled to contra^ with Persons for repairing the Harbour*

Property of the Piers, Quays, he. veiled in Traftcw*

C. 26. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. ;A.D. 1780.

clear yearly Value of forty Pounds or more, or having two hundred Pounds Property or upwards, for twelve Months at lead preceding the Day of such Election, in one or more Vessel or Vessels belonging to the Port of Aberystwyth^ charged and chargeable with the Rate or Duty of Tonnage hereby impoted), as they shall think proper, to be a Trustee, instead of the Person so dying, reJigmng, or being disqualified.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, Th3t in case any Person herein-before named and appointed a Trustee, or who shall be eltfted a Trustee in pursuance of this Act, shall take or accept of any Place of Profit arising or to ariseout of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, or shall be concerned or imerested ia any Contraft or Bargain made or to be made for executing all or any of the several Purposes of this Act, each and every Person, from and after the Time of accepting such Place of Profit, and during the Time he shall hold and enjoy the same, or shall be concerned or inlerested in any Contraft or Bargain as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared incapable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

Vf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person herein before-named and appointed a Trustee, or who shall be elected a Trustee in pursuance of this Act to put the same in Execution, shall not, at the Time of his acting as such, be qualified in Manner herein-before mentioned, each and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, determined by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otf erwife shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Monday in July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to order and direct the said Harbour of Aberystwith to be scoured and cleansed from Gravel, Sand, Shingle, Dirt, Mud, and all other Obstructions whatsoever; and also to raise and make, or cause to be raised and made, sufficient Works from Time to Time for improving, enlarging and preserving the said Harbour, or to repair, take down, and remove such Works, or any of them, as Occasion shall require, for more effectually securing, enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour; and to cleanse, scour, and deepen the Channels of the Rivers Rheidiol and Yftwyth, and erect such Locks or other Works in or across the said Rivers, or either of them; as also such Docks, Locks, Piers, Jet-teaus, Quavs, Breastworks, or other Works, Buoys, Mooring-posts, Cranes, Engines, Lamps, Light-houses, and Landmarks, as shall from Time to Time be adjudged necessary by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as well for improving, enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour, as for the safe and commodious Entrance and Reception of all Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and the convenient lading and unlading thereof.

VIII. Provided always, That proper and convenient Slips or Openings shall be left in such Parts of the Breastworks or Quays of the said Harbour, or of any Lock or Dock to be made in pursuance of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge necessiry and direct, for the Purpose of launching any Ships or Vessels which shall be built or repaired upon the Lands adjoining thereto.

IX. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to complete the several Works aforesaid, and more effectually to put this Act in Execution,* be it further enacted and declared, That so much and such Part of the Waileor Common lying between the Bridge at Aberystwyth and the Sea, on both Sides of the Harbour, as shall extend to the Distance of f6rty Feet from High-water Mark, and also so much and such Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground as shall be gained from the Sea by the erecting of any Pier, Jetteau, or other Work, which shall be made or erected in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby severally vested in the said Trustees and their Successors for ever, for the several Purposes of this Act; and that from and after the said first Monday in July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all Right of Common in or upon the Lands so vested in the said Trustees, shall cease, determine, and be utterly extinguished; and it shall and may from Time to Time be lawful to and for the said Trustees, of such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall direct and appoint Fo* that Purpose, to commence and prosecute any Action or Actions against any Person or Persons who shall molest, disturb, or injure them in the Possession thereof, or of any Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the making and doing all or any Part of the Work or Business necessary to be done for cleansing, deepening, enlarging, and completing the said Harbour of Aberystwyth % as also with any Person or Persons for Timber, Stones, or other Materiius to be used therein, and keeping the same in Repair when finished; and all Con t rafts so made shall be binding and conclusive to and upon all Parties and Persons whomsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Rates or Duties imposed by this Act, and also the Right and Property of all and every the Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Docks, Locks, and other Works to be erected, made, or done, in pursuance of this Act, and the Ground whereon such Works shall be erected, shall be, and the same are hereby severally vested in the said Trustees and their Successors for ever for the Purposes of this Act; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring Actions, or prefer Bills of Indiftmentr against any Person or Persons who shall Real* take away, break down, or spoil, any Works or Materials used or to be used in completing and maintaining the said Harbour, or that shall do any Act, Matter, or Thing, whereby any Damage may accrue to the same; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time to let out* for the best Rent that can be obtained* and in such Manner as they, or any five er more of them, shall think proper* all or any of the Rates or Duties by this Act granted from Year to Year, or for any Term not exceeding three Years; and also all or any such Wharfs, Docks, Quays,

C. 26. 533

A.D. 1880. Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

Cranes, Engine?, or the Land hereby vetted in them as aforesaid, for any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, the Rent respectively arising therefrom to be applied towards completing and maintaining the said Harbour, and the Works belonging to the same.

XII. And, to prevent any Exactions or unreasonable Demands from the respective Tenants or Lessees C’aufefor pre.

under the said Trustees,’ be it enacted, That the id Trustees shall, in every Lease or Agreement that renting Exac-. they, or-any five or more of them, shall enter into for the leafing or letting such Rates or Duties, Wharfs, tny

Docks, Quays, Cranes, Engines, or Lanff as aforesaid, expressly mention what Sums shall be demanded c CM* or taken by the respective enants or Lessees, either as Rates or Duties, or for the Use of such Wharfs,

Docks, Quays, Cranes, Engines, or Land, of the Matter or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person liable to pay the same; and if any such Tenant or Lessee shall demand or take more than the Sum stipulated by such Agreement, such Tenant or Lessee (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit Treble the Sum demanded moie than shall be allowed to be taken by such Lease or Agreement, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned; one Adoiety of which Forfeiture shall be applied to the completing and maintaining the said Harbour and other Works, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall prosecute, sue for, and recover the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Monday in July, one thousand seven Ballast or R«b-hundred and eighty, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall throw or empty any Ballad, Earth, Dud, b.ih not to be A dies. Rubbish, or Stones, into the said Harbour, or into the River Rheidiol or Y/hvythy or take away $ny emptied into the Ballad, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, the Removal or taking away of which may be, prejudicial Harbour* thereto, or to the Works erected or to be erected for the Security of the same, or do any Act, Matter, or

Thing, to prejudice or annoy the same; and if any such Prejudice or Annoyance shall be done, the Penalty, Matter thereof shall be examined into by the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, who are hereby impowered, for every such Offence, to impose any Fine or Fines upon every pr any Person or Persons so offending, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, which the said Trustees, or any three or more of them (by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to such Person or Persons as they fh*ffl appoint), are hereby impowered to levy and raise by Distress and Sale of the respective Goods and Chattels of every or any such Offender or Offenders, rendering to him, her, or them, the Overplus, if, any there be, and he, she, or they shall demand the same; and the said Fine or Fines when levied shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, to be applied as herein after directed.

XIV. Provided always, That if at any Time or Times hereafter any Person or Persons shall have Oc- Ballast not to be casion to throw or cast any Ballast out of any Ship or other Vessel upon any Qu$y or other the Works left upon the made or to be made in pursuance of this Act, the same shall not be suffered to be ;or remain there for a QHay» longer Spice of Time than two Hours after Notice given for the Removal thereof, under the Penalty of forty Shillings for every Offence; but the same shall be removed and carried away tp such Place or Places as the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons by them, or any five or more of them, appointed, shall order and direct.

aV. Provided also, That no Gunpowder, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, or Furze, Brandy Gunpowder,

Or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw,-Tallow, Gre^fe, >Sh^vpjgs of Wood, or to b« removed any other flammable or combustible Matter or Thing whatsoever, shall be, suffered tp :or remaiaon any j-^ca, ccrUia Quay, Pier, or Place, or upon the Deck of any Ship or other Vessel within the Harbour, above the m 9

Space of twenty-four Hours after passing the Custom-house Officers; an d: in ^afeH he same can »>ot he conveniently removed or got off by Day-light, that then the Owner or Owners thereof (bajj be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required, to set and maintain, at his and their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful and sober Persons to guard and watch over the same for such and so many Hours (according to 'the Season of the Year) as the said TrulTcs, or the Quay-master, or other Person or Persons by them, or any five or more of them, appointed, shall speeify and directt; and in case £*ny such Owner nnPrnaltyof or Owners, or the Person or Persons having the Ru’c or Command of any such Ship or VtiPTas *fore- ioi. said, shall make Default in the Premises, each and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds., P

f XVI. And for the more orderly Government of the said‘ Harbour, and for the better preserving the Power to reg®. c same, and the Works to be erected there, from Prejudice or Damage, as well as Accommodation ot Ships !*te v.cjjls 1 or Vessels coming into, or going out of the said Harbour;’ be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any 1 C

five or more of them, shall have rower and Authority, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to ^nominate and appoint such Person or Persons 2s they shall think proper, with such annual A^tnvarrre 'or Salary, out of the Rates or Duties by this Act granted and made-pay r*b!e, as they shall think'fity rftft exceeding ten Pounds ptr Annum; and such Person or Persons (o appointed shall, from Tim£ toiTfrrie, order and require all and every or any Person or Persons having the Rate,-or Command of any Ship or other Vessel entering into, lying, being, or abiding within the said Harbour, to lie, anchor, moor* and ballast such Sh;p or other Vessel in such proper Place or Places within the fyme, as the said Person or Persons so appointed shall order, assign, or dirt (ft, for those Purposes, provided that the Pe.(son or Person8 so appointed shall, to the best of his or, their Skill and Knowledge, order or reqtlire such Ship or other* Vessel to lie, anchor, moor, or ballast in a Place hf Sifetyj and m case any Person or Persons then having the Rule or Command of such Ship or other Vessel shall neglect or refute so to do, he and they, and, each of them, for such Neglectt or Refusal, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the better effecting the several Matters and iqbe.done TrucesImpove-

in pursuance of this Act, and supporting the same for the future, there shall, from and after the said first ered to take ccr-Monday rn July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, be p ud to the said Trustees ar)d their Su^peffofB, t»nDudc*. pr to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint 40 £olle<$ and r«ceive the same; and they the said Trustees and their Successors, a^d such tterfoa or Psrflflps

53+

TntiBifrttioji

thereof.

C. 26. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

as they, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and impowered to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from the Matters or Owners, Matter or Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of every Ship or other Vessel, the several Rates or duties following; that is to say.

For every Ship or other Vessel coming into the said Harbour, or to any Creek, Shore, or Landing* place, between Craig Lais and Craigyr Alltwen (which shall be and is hereby declared to be the Bounds or Limits of the Harbour of Aberystwyth for the Purposes of this Act) from Ireland, the Isle of Man, of any Part of Great Britain, or driven into the same by Stress of Weather, two Pence for every Ton of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel; and coming into the said Harbour from any other Place whatsoever, or driven into the same by Stress of Weather, three Pence for every Ton of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, according to the Admeasurement of such Ships and Vessels respectively; nevertheless not tosubjed any Ship or Vessel having once paid the Tonnage, Rate, or Duty, upon coming into the said Harbour by Stress of Weather as aforesaid, to pay the same again if driven back into the said Harbour: And the Merchant or other Person into whose Custody or Possession any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise (half be delivered or landed from on Board any Ship or Vessel coming into the said Harbour, and unloading in the same or above the Entrance thereof, (nail, upon the Delivery of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, pay, ex cause to be, paid, to the Person or Persons appointed from Time to Time to collect and receive the same*, the Rates or Duties following; that is to say,

For every Hogshead of Tobacco, two Shillings:

For every Hogshead of Sugar or Melasses, six Pence:

For every Ton of Wine, Brandy, or other excisable Spirituous Liquors, two Shillings:

For every Ton of Butter, Cheese, Flax, or Hemp, one Shilling and six Pence:

For every Ton of wrought or unwrought Iron, Rice, Lead, or Logwood, one Shilling:

For every Ton of Pig-iron, Iron-stone, or Lime-stone, one Penny:

For every Ton of Coal, Culm, Brick, Brick-tiles, or Slate, two Pence:

For every Ton of Raft or Timber, six Pence:

For every Ton of Battery, two Shillings and six Pence:

For every one hundred of Deal Boards, Oak or other Boards, one Shilling:

For every Laftof Oil, Tar, or Pitch, one Shilling:

For every Barrel of Herrings, one Penny:

For every Piece of Linen Cloth, two Pence:

For every Piece of Woollen Broad Cloth, one Shilling:

For every Piece of Woollen Narrow Cloth, three Pence:

For every one hundred Calf, Sheep, Lamb, Goat, or Kid Skins, six Pence:

For every one hundred Hides, two Shillings and six Pence:

For every Crate of Earthen Ware of the Manufacture of Great Britain, two Pencer:

For every Crate of Foreign Earthen Ware, one Shilling:

For every Ton of Salt, six Pence:

For every Barrel of Malt Liquor, one Shilling:

For every Hogshead of Cyder, one Shilling:

For every Ton of Soap or Candles, two Shillings and six Pence:

For every Ton of Hops, two Shillings and six Pence:

For every Ton of Turnip Seeds, Clover, or other Grass Seeds, two Shillings and six Pence:

For every Quarter of Com or other Grain, Malt, or Pulse, three Pence:.

- For every hundred Weight of Gunpowder, six Pence:

For every Bale of Paper, one Penny:

For every Truss or Box of Haberdashery, Millenery, or other Goods, not exceeding fifty Poumfc Weight* six Pence; and after that Rate for every Truss or Box exceeding the Weight of fifty Pounds: And for all other Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, not herein-before enumerated, the Sum of one Penny in or out of every twenty Shillings of the Value thereof, as the same fhalLbe valued at the Custom* house of Aberystwyth:

And there shall likewise be paid, by each and every Person shipping, or causing to be shipped, at the Port of Aberystwyth aforesaid, any of, the under-mentioned Goods or Commodities, the Rates or Duties following; videlicet

For every Ton of Ore, six Pence:;

For every Ton of Lead, one Shilling:

For every Ton of Bark, three Pence:

For every Ton of Black Jack, two Pence:

For every Quarter of Corn, or other Grain, Malt, or Pulse, one Penny:

For every Ton of Butter or Cheese, one Shilling and six Pence:

For every Barrel of Herrings, one Penny:

For every Barrel of Malt Liquor, six Pence:

And for every Ton of Slates, two Pence:

And that in all Cases where~any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, by this Act charged with the Payment of any of the aforesaid Rates or Duties, shall exceed or be less than the several and respective Weights, Quantities, or Numbers, whereby the same are herein-before particularly charged as aforesaid,

a Rate

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 26. 535

a Rate or Duty, upon every such greater or lesser Weight, Quantity, or Number, shall be demanded and taken in Proportion to the Rates or Duties hereby laid upon such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise reflectively, so as such Rate or Duty shall in no Case be less than one Penny.

XVIII. Provided always, That no Ship or Vessel of War belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any Ship or Vessel employed in Fishing only, shall be subject or liable to any of the Rates or Duties hereby granted.

XIX. And, to the Intent the said Rates or Duties may be duly answered and paid/ be it further enacted, That no Collector, Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor, or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever belonging to the Port of Milford, in the County of Pembroke (within Which the Port and Harbour of Aberystwyth aforesaid is comprehended), shall, at any Time after the said first Monday in Juhy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, give or make out any Cocket or other Discharge, or take any Report outwards for any Ship or other Vessel, or permit any Ship or other Vessel to go out of the said Harbour, or from any Creek, Shore, or Landing-place within the Bounds or Limits aforesaid, until the Master or Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of such Ship or other Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, that the Rates or Duties by this Act granted are paid, or secured to be paid, which said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to ^ive without Fee or Reward; and that any Collector, Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor, or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, making Default in any of the Premises enjoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin,'Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance; one Moiety of such Forfeiture to be to the use of the Person or Persons who shall prosecute, sue for, and recover the same; and the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Hands of the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. And, to the Intent the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may be more effectually collected and levied,’ be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person to whom any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, landed or shipped within the said Harbour, or the Bounds or Limits aforesaid, and charged or chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall belong, or be delivered unto, or* by whose Order the same shall be landed or shipped, shall refuse to pay the same, then and in such Case it shall and may from Time to Time be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to go on Board such Ship or other Vessel to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on Nonpayment thereof to take and distrain every such Ship or other Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, or all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandise chargeable therewith, or in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable, and Default made as aforesaid, either on Board such Ship or other Vessel or on Land, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties for the Space of three Days after any Distress or Distresses so made or taken, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to cause the same to be appraised by two or more sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distresses, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress or Distresses shall have been made or taken as aforesaid, as also for and in respeCfc of his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the same, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner upon Demand.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, shall, by any Method whatsoever, at any Time or Times, elude or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or avoiding Payment as aforesaid shall itand charged with, and be liable to, the Payment of the same, and the same mall and may be recovered from such Master or Owner respectively by the same Method and in such Manner as is herein after directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties imposed by this ACT

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, and the Person appointed to collect the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, cannot otherwise agree about and ascertain the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, that then and so often it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, or other Person employed or appointed for that Purpose, to enter into such Ship or Vessel at any seasonable Time, and admeasure the same in Manner following; that is to say; By taking the Length of the Keel of every such Ship or other Vessel so much as (he treads on the Ground, and the Breadth within Board by the midffiip Beam from Plank to Plank, Half of which Breadth shall be accounted for the Depth; and the Length so taken being multiplied by the Breadth, and the Product thereof by the said accounted Depth, and the Whole divided by Ninety-four, the Quotient shall give and be deemed to give the true Contents of the Tonnage; according to which Rule and Method all Ships and Vessels shall be measured for computing, ascertaining, and collecting the said Rates or Duties of Tonnage; any Custom, Practice, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the Person appointed to collect the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any other Person employed or appointed by the said Trustees to admeasure Ships or Vessels in pursuance of this Act to enter on board such

Exerrpti-M from Rates.

VclT-h not to be cleared till Duties paid.

Manner of Recorery of Rate*

Persons eluding the Payment to continue charge* able.

How Tonnage Duties Ihsll be ascertained*

Penalty on Persons obstructing the measuring ol Vesseli.

S 36

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

Officer! appointed by the Trustees to be sworn.

Power to borrow Money, and assign the Rates as a Security.

Form of Assignment*

Alignments may be transferred.

Form of Trans-fcr.

Remedy for recovering Arrears of Interest.

No Money to be

borrowed after thefirftMeeting, wile's IO Da\ s Notice be given.

Application of the Money bor-lowed, flee.

C. 26.

A.D. 1780.

Ship or Vessel, or to take the Admeasurement thereof, such Master or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Quay-master, and other Officers and Servants to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, when thereunto required by any one of the said Trustees, swear that he or they will duly perform and execute his or their respective Office or Offices; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be employed or appointed to take the Tonnage of any Ship or other Vessel coming into, or going out of, the said Harbour, shall, when required in like Manner, swear that he or they will duly take the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel; which Oath any one or more of the said Trustees is or are hereby authorised and impowered to administer.

XXV. And to the End a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes of this Act, and in order to secure the Repayment of the same/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, by Indenture or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or assign the Rates or Duties granted by this Act as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed (not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of four thousand Pounds), for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, that shall or will lend or advance the same, for securing the Repayment thereof, with Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum (Copies of all which Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Hook or Books co be krpt for that Purpose); and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed shall be paid into the Hands of the said Trustees, or of the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be by them appointed; the Culls and Charges of all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be borne and paid out of the Rates or Duties hereby granted; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money advanced and paid by way of Loan as aforesaid, and the Interest payable for the same respectively, shall be charged and chargeable upon the Rates or Duties hereby granted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Mortgages or Assignments, hereby directed to be made as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the Rates or Duties by this Act granted, shall be in the Words, or to the Eftest following:

gY virtue of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, enlarging, and prefacing the, Harbour of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan, we whose Names are hereunto set, being five of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of fifty Pounds to us in Hand paid by A.B. of do assign unto

the said A.B. his [or her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Rates or Duties by the said Act granted, to hold unto the said A.B. his [$r her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of fifty Pounds, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day of

And all and every Person and Persons to whom any Mortgage or Assignment of the aforesaid Rates or Duties shall be made, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them lent on the Credit thereof, and his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, may, and is and are hereby impowered from Time to Time to transfer or assign over such Security or Securities, and the Principal and Interest due thereon, to any other Person or Persons, by indorsing thereon the following Words, or Words to the like Effect:

T Do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same, unto 4 1 of his [or herj Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of -

a.b:

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Interest upon any Sum or Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan as aforesaid shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Time or Times when the same is, are, or shall become due and payable, and be demanded, the aforesaid Rates or Duties shall from thenceforth vest in the Person or Persons to whom such Interest shall be so in Arrear, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with all Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment of the same; and all and every such Person and Persons shall have, and is hereby vested with the like Powers, Right, and Privilege of col left ing, receiving, and levying the said Rates or Duties hereby made payable, as the said Trustees, or the Collectors or Receivers by them appointed, could have had in case the said Interest had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of the Rates or Duties hereby granted after the first Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Notice in Writing be, by Order and under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, affixed on the Church Door of Llanbadarnfawr, and on the Town-hall of Aberystwith, at lead ten Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money which shall be collected, received, levied, and borrowed by virtue of this Act shall be applied, in the first Place, in paying the Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards in defraying the necessary Expences of completing and maintaining the several Works aforesaid, and in executing the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever*

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 26. 537

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their first or any subsequent Meeting* or Trurte^toap. any five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall and may chuse and appoint such point Officer*, Person or Persons as they shall think proper to be Collector or Collectors of the Rates or Duties granted

by this Act; and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the Harbour and

Works erected for rendering the same lafe and commodious for the Reception of Ships and Vrfiels; and also a Clerk, Treasurer, or Receiver of the said Rates or Duties, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and the said Trustees shall allow to such and allow them

Collector or Collectors, Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons Sajjriea.

so appointed, such Salaries or Rewards as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a General

Meeting assembled, shall appear reasonable; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and

may, and they are hereby impowered to remove or displace arty such Collector, Clerk, Receiver, Treasurer. Surveyor, or other Person or Persons whatsoever by them appointed in pursuance of this Act, and in

the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons lo removed or displaced, to nominate and appoint from Time

to Time such other Person or Persons as rhey shall think proper.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Truffles, or any five or more of them, shall take of Officer* to give such Collector or Collectors, Clerk, Receiver, or Treasurer, and from such other Person or Persons as Security*

shall be chosen and nominated from Time to Time as aforesaid, a good and sufficient Security, as well for answering and paying all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall be by htm or them respectively received (and in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, lb1, under their Hands

and Seals, from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint), as for his and their giving and making true Accounts thereof in Writing when and as often and in such Manner as he and they shall be ordered and required so to do by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and of all Sums of Money by him or them respectively disbursed, and the respective Times of such JDisbursements, and to whom, and by what Order.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall take care to have all the Receipts, Pay- procee<iing* f0 raents, Debts, Credits, and Contracts, made by and with the Artificers and Workmen employed in or be entered m about the completing the said Harbour, and the maintaining or preserving the same, or anyways relating Book*, thereto, and also an Account of all Moneys received and borrowed by the said Trustees by virtue of this

Act, and all other their Proceedings whatsoever, fairly entered and written in one or more Book or Books to be kept for those Purposes: to which Book or Books all Persons concerned or interested shall, at any seasonable Time or Times, have free Access, and shall have the Perusal or Inspection thereof gratis, and may have Copies or Extracts therefrom, paying for the same after the Rate of one Penny for every seventy-two Words; and by or out of the Money arising from the Rates or Duties by this Act granted, or by or out of any other Money which shall come into the Hands of the said Trustees, or into the Hands of the Clerk, Treasurer, or Receiver, to be by them appointed, to pay and satisfy, or cause to be paid and satisfied, unto the Artificers and Workmen to be employed in and about the completing or maintaining the said Harbour and Premises, all Sums of Money which shall be justly due to them, or any of them, for the same.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of Trustees, with

them, with the Consent of such Person or Persons as shall be intitled to three-fourths of the Money lent the Consent of on the Credit of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, shall and may from Time to Time (if they shall F^dlto.rs,lJna3r think fit) lessen or reduce all or any Part of the said Rates or Duties; and if, at any Time after such Lef- c

fening or Reduction of the said Rates or Duties, the same shall be found inefficient to answer the several

Intents and Purposes of this Act, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to advance and raise the said Rates or Duties, so as not to exceed the several and respective Sums herein-before specified.

XXXIV. Provided also, That, from and after such Time as the Principal Sum and Sums of Money 'when the Mo-borrowed or to be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest attending the same, shall be paid ney borrowed off and discharged, one Moiety, or such greater Part or Proportion of the Rates or Duties by this Act ftaii be paid off, granted, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, shall, in respect of all ^eRauVoni to nritish Ships and Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, cease and determine; and that then-and from ^10/ thenceforth the other Moiety or Part as aforesaid of the said Rates or Duties shall continue to be collected, paid, and applied, by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, towards repairing, maintaining an 1 securing the said Harbour, and the Works and Buildings thereto belonging, in maintaining and upholding the Buoys, Lights, Light-houses, and other Land-marks appurtenant to the said Harbour, and

in paying the Salaries, Rewards, or Allowances, to the several Officers and Servants belonging thereto, and such other Purposes as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think most expedient for the Benefit and Improvement of the said Harbour: But in case any Damage or unforeseen Accident shall If any Accident afterwards happen to any Pier, Lock, Quay, Breast-work, or other Work, erected in pursuance of this happen* to the Act, which cannot be repaired by, or out of, the Produce of the Rates or Duties reduced as aforesaid, that then, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Rate^orcvive, five or more of them, by Notice in Writing under their Hands affixed on the Church Door of Llanbadarn-fawr, and on the Town-hall of Abcrvfhvytby to revive the Rates or Duties so discontinued, and order the same to be paid according to the Proportions herein-before set forth and ascertained, till such Damages shall be repaired, and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, and no longer.

XXaV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall at Persons destroy any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly demolish, breakdown, destroy, damage, or set on ing the Works to fire, any of the Works constructed or to be constructed, in or belonging to the said Harbour, or that shall beseemed guilty wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or de- of FcloaJ*

signedly

Goc e

S38

C. 26.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

M*sten of Vef. fils to be answerable for Da-in a ers done by their Crew*.

Bye-law* may be made at General Meetings,

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

flow Di fireflies shall be disposed of*

Diflrefi not to be deemed unlawful lor Want of Form.

Sathfiflion for fyecial Damage.

Plaint'ff not 10 recover, unless proper Notice be given, nor after Tender of A-snends, &c.

signedly extinguish or put out any of the Fires or Lights used in or belonging to the said Harbour for the Safety and Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the same, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indicted and tried, shall, and have hereby Power and Authority to punish such Felon or Felons in such and the like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment may (if they fee Cause) adjudge the Offender or Offenders to suffer such other Punishment, by Fine, imprisonment, or otherwise, as the said Court in their Discretion shall think proper.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master, Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of every Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, shall be, and is hereby made answerable to the said Trustees for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that shall be done by any of the Servants or Crew on board the same, to any of the Works constructed, or to be constructed, in pursuance of this Act $ and the same, if not forthwith paid and satisfied, shall and may be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted are in and by this Act directed to be recovered.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter in General Meeting assembled, to make, ordain, and.establish such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, for the better keeping in Repair, improving, and securing the said Harbour, and the Works to be erected, made, or set up, in pursuance of this Act, as also for ascertaining the Rates payable for Carts and Carriages within and belonging to the said Harbour, or payable to the (evera) Officers and Servants appointed by the said Trustees, and for other the Purposes of this Act; and may also from Time to Time, at any succeeding General Meeting, repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, as to them shall appear reauifite and necessary, and fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding forty Shillings, for the Non-observance or other Breach of such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, or any of them; which said Penalties shall be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Fines and Penalties imposed by this Act are directed to be recovered and applied; and the said Trustees shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed, and fixed or hung up at the mod public and conspicuous Places,' as well within the said Harbour, as within the said Town of Aberystwyth, within twenty-one Days after the same shall be made, amended, altered, or repealed, as aforesaid, and to pay the Charge and Expence thereof out of the Rates or Duties hereby granted; and no Rule, Order, or Bye-law, made at any General Meeting as aforesaid, shall be repealed or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless ten Days previous Notice of the Intention to repeal or alter the same, signed by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, be affixed on the Church Door of Llan-badarn-fawr, and on the Town-hall of Aberystwyth aforesaid, and unless seven Trustees shall be present and consenting thereto.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act inflicted or authorised to be imposed or levied (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands 2nd Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cardigan (which Warrant or Warrants the Laid Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (after rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress sind Sale being first deducted), shall go, be applied, and disposed of, if not otherwise diiefted to be applied and disposed of by this Act, for and towards the Execution of the several Purposes hereby intended; and for Want of sufficient Distress the said Justices, or any two-of them, are hereby impowered and required to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the common Gaol or other public Prison of or within the said County, there to remain for the Space of two Months, or until Payment of the respective Forfeitures shall be made.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Part of the Goods or Chattels to be at any Time distrained by virtue of this Act (other than such Distress or Distresses as shall be made for Nonpayment of the Rates or Duties hereby granted) shall be fold till the Expiration of five Days from the Day upon which such Goods or Chattels shall be distrained; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons convicted, at any Time before the Expiration of the said five Days, by Payment of the Money lor which such Goods or Chattels shall have been distrained, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress, to redeem the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Dcfeft in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity by him or them done or committed afier such Distiefs made or taken; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XLI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, or for any Trespass or other wrongful Proceeding, unless Notice in Writing signed by his, her, or their Attorney (specifying the Cause of Action) shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants at lead twenty-one Days before the same shall be brought; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender of Amends shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants

(by

539

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 27.

(by Leave of the Court) at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments Audi be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, or other Proceeding, touching Prorreni. p net or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or xdfr *’'ivr Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable aato or ,'‘ by Certiorari, or any other Writ or rrocefs whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Se- Exemption from curity, or any other Writing whatsoever, in pursuance of, or relating to the Execution of any of the Powers S.amp-duty, or Authorities in this Act contained, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by Persons ap-rirv. any Thing done irr pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby oth^r- ed m»y appeal to wife provided, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any Ge- the Quarter Sef-neral or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Cardigan within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, »4 Diy*

and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within four Days after NoUce* such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such General or Quarter Section; and the said justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance,

shall hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such* Costs to the Parties appealing cur appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices thereupon shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Partre$.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted Limitation of against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, twenty-one Days previous A<a,ons* Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, And shall be laid or brought in the County o\ Cardigan, and not elsewhere; and the-Deicndant or Defendants in all Actions or Suits so brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act General Issuer and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought after the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fufter a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, Treble Costs. and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS the Ferry over the River Wye, between the Villages of Whitney and Clifford, in

the County of Hereford, is frequently very dangerous, and sometimes impassable; and it would be of great Convenience to the Public, if a proper and substantial Bridge, for the Passage of Carriages, was built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry: And whereas Tomkyns Dew Esquire (Lord of the Manor of Whitney and Clifford aforesaid) is Owner of the said Ferry, and of the Soil of the Waste and other Lands on each Side the River: And whereas Thomas Weale of the said Parish of Whitney,

Francis Eves of The Hay, in the County of Brecon, Charles Ha\wood of The Sheepcott, in the Parish of Clifford aforesaid, Lewis Chambers of the said Parish of Clifford, and John Philips of The Hay aforesaid,

Gentlemen, are willing, at their own Expence, to undertake to build, support, and maintain, such Bridge as aforesaid; and the said Tomkyns Dew is consenting thereto, upon having a reasonable Compensation made to him for his said Ferry: But although the building such Bridge as aforesaid will be of public Utility*, yet the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:’ May.it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent:

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Thomas Weale, Undertakers Im-

Francis Eves, Charles Haywood, Lewis Chambers, and John Phillips, are hereby appointed Undertakers for [°st7nc 3°

building, supporting, and maintaining the said Bridge; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said crXthcRiver

Undertakers, their JHeirs and Assigns, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, within Wye,

the Space of three Years next after the passing of this Act, at their own proper Costs and Charges, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servants, and others, to build a good And substantial

Stone

54°

The Bridge to be a public one.

Bricks may be used for turning the Archei.

Dimensions of the Middle Ar<.h, &c.

Undertakers

may inclose a Piece of Common for b 'tiding a Toll-house, &c.

Undertakers may get Stone* and Materalt within the Ma-nor»*

Bridge, &c and Materials vested in the Undertakers,

Punishment fer wilfully damaging the Bridge.

Barze Owner*

to b~ answerable for Damage* done by their Servant*.

The Bridge to be deemed extra* parochial* and not a County Bridge,

C. 27. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Stone Bridge across the said River, at or near the said Ferry, fit and proper for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and to keep the same in good Repair for ever; and for that Purpose, to cause any Shelves or other Obstructions in the said River to be removed, and all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or other impediment, to be taken away, and the Banks of the said River to be dug and cut, in such Manner as shall be necessary and proper for building the said Bridge; and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to do, or Cause to be done, all other Things necessary and convenient for erecting, supporting, and maintaining the said Bridge; and after the said Bridge shall be built as aforesaid, the same shall for ever be and remain a public Bridge; and all Persons, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, shall have free Liberty (upon Payment of the respective Tolls herein after granted) to pass over the same, without any Hindrance or Interruption of or by the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained shall restrain the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, from making Use of Bricks, for the Purpose only of turning the Arches and Upper |Works of the said Bridge.

III. Provided also, That the Center or Middle Arch of the said Bridge shall be at least thirty Feet wide in the Clear, and at least fifteen Feet high above the usual Height of the Water in the said River, in order that a sufficient PaiLge may be left for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and that the Carriage Way over the said Bridge shall be twelve Feet wide at the lealt, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, to inclose a Piece of Ground, Part of the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manors, contiguous to the said Bridge, not exceeding one Acre, and to build a Toll-house upon Part thereof, and to make Use of the Remainder for a Yard and Garden to such Toll-house, or for such other Purpose as they shall think proper; and when the said Piece of Ground shall be so inclosed, the same shall be, and is hereby vested in the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, without making any Recompence for the same to the said Tornkyns Dew% or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, their Servants and Workmen, from Time to Time to search for and dig, and to Like and carry away, such Quantity or Quantities of Stones as they shall think proper, in, upon, and from any of the Lands belonging to the said Tornkyns Dew, within the said Manors, for the Purpose only of building and repairing the said Bridge and Toll-house, they the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands, for the Damage that shall be done thereby; and that it shall and may also be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, their Servants and Workmen, from Time to Time, to search for and dig Sand and Gravel, and also Brick-earth or Clay, and to make and burn Bricks in and upon any of the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manors, and to carry away such Sand, Gravel, Earth, or Clay, and Bricks, for the Purpose only of building and repairing the said Bridge and Toll-house, without making any Recompense for the same to the said Tomkyns Dew, or to any other Person whomsoever 5 they the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, their Servants and Workmen, filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Stones, Gravel, Sand, Earth, or Clay shall be taken, so that the same shall not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge and Toll-house, and also any Turnpike, or other Matter or Thing, which may be erected or made by virtue of this Act; and all the Stones, Bricks, and other Materials, which shall be provided for making and repairing the same, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns; and they are hereby authorised and impowered, in the Name of any one of them, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall It jal, t;:ke, or carry away, any of the said Stones, Bricks, or Materials, or do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall wilfully or mati-ciously pull down, destroy, or damage, or attempt to pull down, destroy, or damage, the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Toll-house to be erected at or near the same, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall he subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cates of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, and have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law dircifh in ('ales of Petit Larceny.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Person or Persons having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, which Hial 1 be navigat'd upon the said River, shall wilfully, carelessly, or negligently, cause, permit, or suffer any Damage or Ir jury to be done to the said Bridge, by any such Boats, barges, or other Vessels; then, and in every such C afe, thejOwner or Owners of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be answerable and liable to make Satisfaction to the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, for all such Damage or Injury; and in Default of Payment of such Satis-faflion upon Demand, the said Undertakers, their Heirs or /.flign*, are hereby amhoriled and impowered, in the Name of any one of them, to sue the Owner or Owners of such Boat, barge, or Vessel, in any Court of Record at Westminster% for the Trespass or Damage which shall be so done.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bridge fnali not be rated or assessed for or towards any Public or Parish Rate, Tax, or Duty whatsoever, but shall be deemed extra-parochial) to all Intents and Purposesj and that the Yaid Bridge shall not be adjudged or

8 taken

S41

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 27.

taken to be a County Bridge, or to subject the County of Hereford to the repairing, amending, or supporting the same 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

‘ X. And, in order the better to enable the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, to defray the c Expence of building and supporting the said Bridge be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the said Bridge shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, it shall and may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, or such Person or Persons as they shall by Writing under their Hands and Seals appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to demand, coll eft; and receive^ to and for the onjy proper Use and Behoof of the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, before any Person on Foot, or any Horses, Cattle,1 or Carriages shall be permitted to pass over the said Bridge, such Tolls as they the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, shall think proper, not exceeding1 the respective Sums fallowing; (that is’to say) }

For every Foot Passenger, the Sum of one Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage, the Sum of three Pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of one Penny:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of ten Pence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of five Pence} and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Undertakers* their Heir* and Assigns, and shall be paid to them accordingly; and if any Person liable to pay the said Tolls shall, after Demand made thereof by the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be appointed the Collector thereof as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to pay the same, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors to (lop and prevent the Passage of the Person so refusing or neglecting, or of the Hotfes, Cattle, or Carriages, for which such Tolls ought to be paid, until full Payment be made thereof.

XL. Provided always, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Soldiers on Foot, or of any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if anV Person shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Beast, from any Carriage, before the same shall pass through the Gate or Turnpike to be erected at or upon the said Bridge, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted; or shall forcibly pass through any such Gate or Turnpike without having paid the said Tolls; or mall assault, interrupt, or obstruct any Person employed in the Collection of the said Tolls; or if the Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Grounds shall suffer any Person to pass through the same, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted shall be evaded, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings, for the Use of the said Undertakers, their Heirs and A(-signs; and in case such Forfeiture be not forthwith paid, the same shall, upon Proof of the Offences re-foeftively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hefeby impowered to administer), be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby impowered to grant), and the Overplus, after such Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels. V4

f XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall at any Time become impassable or tJfrfafe for Travellers and Carriages, it shall and may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, and they are hereby required, during all such Time as the said Bridge shall be imoaffable or unsafe as aforesaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry for the Passage of Travellers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages over the said River, as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or their Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive, for the Passage of such Travellers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, in the said Ferry, before the same shall be permitted to pass, the like Tolls as are hereby authorised to be taken for passing over the said Bridge.

XIV. And whereas it is agreed, that the Compensation to be made for the said Ferry should be ascertained by a Jury, to be impannelled for that Purpose as herein after mentioned ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said Bridge shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages as aforesaid, the said Tomkyns Dew, or the Lord of the said Minors for the Time being, shall, and is hereby required to cause twenty Days Notice, at the lead, to be given to the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or to one of them, purporting, that the Compensation to be made for the said Ferry will be ascertained and awarded by a Jury, at (ome General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County, within four Calendar Months next after the said Bridge shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages as aforesaid, to be mentioned in such Notice; and the Justices at such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, upon Application made to them by the said Tomkyns Dew, or the Lord of the said Manors for the Time being, and upon Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, shall, and are hereby authorised and required to charge a Jury to be impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the

Undertaken to-thorised to collet* Tolls,

The Tolls.

Tolli veiled in Undertakers.

Exemptions from Toll.

Penalty on evading the Tolls.

Ferry to be provided, in case the Bridge shall become impass-able.

The Compensation to be made for the Ferry, to be ascertained by a Jury.

542

Jurors maybe challenged*

Witnessea may be examined on path*

Verdict of Jury, &c* to be binding on all Pardee.

The Money adjudged by the Jury, to be paid to Mr. Dew.

Persone aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sefiiod, giving zi'iDaye ' Hotice.

limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Public Act.]

C. 27. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

said County, without Fee or Reward, confiding of twelve substantial and ififinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, upon the Trial of Issues at Law, and to cause them to be sworn, well and truly, on their Oaths, to ascertain and award the Compensation to be made for the said Ferry $ to which said Jury the Parties interested shall have their lawful Challenges, when they come to be sworn; and any one

Justice of the Peace for the said County is hereby authorised and impowered (upon Application made to in® by any of the Parties interested). by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to call before the Justices at such Session, or the Adjournment thereof- any Person or Persons who shall be thought proper to be examined touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, any one of the said Justices 1$ hereby impowered and required to administer) shall enuu\rcr touching the Value of the said Ferry, and shall ascertain and award what annual Sum of Money shall be paid by the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, to the said Tomkyns Dew, or the Lord of the said Manors for the Time being, or his Lessee of the said Ferry, as a Compensation for the same, and also the respective Times of Payment thereof; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for the Money so to be ascertained and awarded by the said Jury as aforesaid; which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgment thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Justices, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, upon all the Parties interested, and shall be fairly entered and kept araongst the Records of the Quarter SeiHons for the said County; and the same^ or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence and Proof, in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, and may take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, on paying the usual Fees paid in Cases of the like Nature.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Verdi# shall have been given, and Judgment thereon declared and pronounced, as aforesaid, the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, shall pay, or 1 cause to be paid, to the said Tomkyns Dew* or the Lord of the said Manors for the Time being, or hr» Lessee of the said Ferry, the said annual Sum of Money, and at the Time or Times to be ascertained and awarded by the said Jury as aforesaid; and in Default of such Payment, the said Tojnkyns Dnvy and the Lord of the said Manors for the Time being, or the Lessee of the said Ferry, shall and may have, use* exercise, and take, such and the same Powers and Remedies, by Action, or by Entry, Distress and Sale, or otherwise, for recovering the said Sum or Sums of Money from the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, as by the Laws now in Force are provided for and given to Landlords, or as they can use and take for Recovery of Rack Rents in Arrear.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any. Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Hereford, within four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, the Person appealing first giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Marter thereof, to the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or to one of them, or to their Collector; and within seven Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Session \ and the Justices at the -said Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper £ and such Determination shall he binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XVII. And be it further ena&dd. That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this A #, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fa# committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County of Hereford, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and ib9t the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to itave been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for brpffcing the same, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find fot the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdi#, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit, in any other Case9 by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1780 Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 23.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by 1 force of the Statute of Distributions, ,or the Custom of any Province or Place.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutlfol and loyal Subjects, the Corhmons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising, by the post easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and Duties and Sums of Money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted f and bp it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lordss Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That^ from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred land eighty, there shall be raised, lyvied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain> unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

For every Advertisement to be contained in the Louden Gazette, or any other printed Paper in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public weekly or oftener, over and above all other Rates and Duties now imposed, there be charged an additional Duty of six Pence:

For every Advertisement to be contained in or published with any Paper or Pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public yearly, monthly, or at atiy other Interval of Time exceeding one Week, over and above all other Rates and Duties now imposed thereon, there be charged aq additional Duty of six Pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet ot Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt or other Discharge for any Legacy left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom Of any Province or Place, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, the Amount whereof shall not exceed the Value of twenty Pounds, a Stamp-duty of two Shillings and six Pence; and where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of twenty Pounds, and not amounting to one hundred Pounds, a Stamp-duty of five Shillings; and where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of one hundred Pounds and upwards, a Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings be charged thereon.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying all the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped vellum. Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and td lift and provide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite. in that Behalf, and to do bill Other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Rate$, and Dutjes herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of therm are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment* and Paper.

III. And, for better securing the said Stamp-duties hereby imposed,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, or Paper* upon which any such Receipt or Other DIP charge for any Legacy left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or any Part thereof, or for any Share or Part of a personal Estate, divided by force of the Statutb of* Distributions, Or the Custom of any Province or Place, or any Part thereof, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, be brought to the Head Office for damping and marking hf Vellum, Parchmertt, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers, shall from Time to Time (lamp or mark as this Addireds, any Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon Payment of the said Duty, the said Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons giving such Receipt or other Discharge; and if any Receipt or other Discharge, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this Act is directed, or shall be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than as aforesaid, no such Receipt shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful, or available, in Law or Equity.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be afed by this Act for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble thelmpreifion of the same* with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successora, of any of the said Duties;

[Preamble.]

After June t, 1780, the following Dut cs to

be paid to his Majesty:

An additional Duty of 6 d. on tall Adverttle* menus

A Doty on Receipts fqr L-ga-cies left by Wifi, &c. after the following Rate; not exceeding sol —>*s. 64 between aol. and

tc of and up- wards, xoi. Duties to be under the Management of Commissioners of Sumps.

Parchment, Ac* to be brought ro th‘e Stamp-office so he stamped, fafcfore kriy Receipt fori Legacy, &c. shall he written or printed thereon. Receipts, if not. properly /lamp., ed, not to be admitted ta Evidence.

Usual Allowance to be made for present Payment.

Stamp* may he altered and renewed.

If any Person* ! shall counterfeit ‘ any Sump di- ’ relied to be used by this Act, &c. w th Intent to defraud his Majesty, such Person shall fuffirr Death aa a Felon.

544

C. 29.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

All Power*,

Clauset, &c. appointed by former Acttrelatios to Stamp-dutiei, to be in Force in raisinf, collecting, &c. the new Duties imposed by this Act. Receiver* general of Stamp-duties to keep a Separate Account of the new Duties, and pay them into the Exchequer, &c.

A Separate Account to be kept, in the Auditor's Office, of all Monies produced by this Act. How to be applied.

Persons sued in the Execution of this Act,

may plead the General issue,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

[Preamble.]

Goods the Produce or Manufacture of Grenada or the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels, bound to any Neutral Port, not liable to Condemnation at Prixe.

Mailer of cvtcy such Vessel, before he leaves the said Islands, shall be fornifhedwith a Manifest specifying the Par- ticulara of hit Cargo, Stc.; 1

which Manifest shall be fobfenb-td by fisc Per-

every Person To offending, and being thereof lawfully convi3ed, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the ratting, levying, collecting, and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distin3 Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being dedu3ed) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, at such Time and in such Manner as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are dire3ed to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer,* a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and pa.id into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are dire3ed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, fqch Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Iffiie, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdi3 shall pass for £he Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be^ come nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or then* against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to protest Goods or Merchandise, of the Growth, Produce, or manufacture of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hostilities.

WHEREAS, during the present Hostilities with France, the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines have been taken by the French King: And whereas it is just and expedient to gitfe every possible Relief to the Inhabitants and Proprietors of Estates in the said islands:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, T-baty. ‘from and after the passing of this present Act, no Goods or Merchandise of the Growth, Pf§y4u4e* ot Manu£a3ure.of the said Islands of Grenada or the Grenadines, which shall be found on Board imytNevtral Ship or Vessel bound from any of the said Islands so any Neutral Port, nor any such Ship oh yeft|d oil Board which such Goods or Merchandise shall be laden, if taken by any of his Majesty's Ships (ft Afcflel&of War, or by any private Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, shall be liable to Confiscation or Condemnation as lawful Prize; any Thing in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Sea-qien, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof In anywise notwithstanding.

II. And in order to ascertain that the said Goods and Merchandise are really and bona fide of the Growth, Produce or Manufacturee of any of the said Islands,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, before his Departure from any Port or Place in the said Islands, be furnished with a Manifest in Writing, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, with the Maiks and Numbers of each Package containing the same, as also the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound 5 which Manifest mall subscribed by any five of the following Persons; (videlicet) Charles Grants William Johnston, Alexander Scott, James Stewart, William Niccoll, William Lucas, Alexander Symson, Samuel IP Miami, John Nelson, George Campbell, Robert Threlfal^ Hfnry Palmer, John Pegus, Alexander Frafer, James Wilkinson, John Lessly, David Mill, Thomas Campbell, Edmund Thornton, Fergus Paterson, James Campbell, Alexander Cockburn, David Young, Alexander Campbell, Ninian Home, Edmund Proud foot, James Baillie, Patrick Maxwell, Thomas Townsend, Robert Bogle, Richard Oliver, James Taylor, William Smith, Alexander Stewart, Frederick Cor far, Robert Lang, John Castles, Andrew Irvin, Robert Harvey, Peter Gordon, Andrew Grant, Joseph Comming, John Urquhart, Peter Pegus, John Grant, Walter Todd, all of which Persons reside in

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 30. 545

the said Islands; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be taken or surprised on her Voyage by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private Ship or Vessel having Letters of Maraue or General Reprisals, then the Matter or Commander, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall produce such Manifest to the Captain, or other Commanding Officer, of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to the Matter or Commander of such private Ship or Vessel having such Letters of Maraue or General Reprisals, who shall immediately release such Neutral Ship or Vessel, and the Goods and Merchandises on Board the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Merchandise, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Islands, which shall be found on Board any Drogher or other Vessel, employed for conveying the same from one Bay of the said Islands to another, for the Purpose of loading the same on Board any Neutral Ship or Vessel, for any Neutral Port, shall be liable to Confiscation or Condemnation as lawful Prize.

liable to

IV. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend,-or be construed to extend, to prote£k from Condemnation any Goods or Merchandise which shall be found on Board any Ships or Vessels which may have taken in any Part of their Loadings or Cargoes at any other Island than Grenada or the Grenadines, the Whole of which Loadings or Cargoes shall be liable to Confiscation and Condemnation as lawful Prize; any Thing in this Act to the contrary m any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Sentence of any Court of Vice-admiralty respecting any Goods or Merchan-difeof the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, that may have been, or may be, condemned by any such Court, on or before the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

VI. Provided also, That no Captain, or other Commanding Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or the Matter or Commander of any Private Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque or General Reprisal, shall be liable to any Suit or Action for or on account of having detained any Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandise, which, by virtue of this Act, are not subject to Confiscation, in case it shall appear that such Captain or other Commanding Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or such Matter or Commander of any private Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque of General Reprisal, has not had Knowledge of the passing of this Act at the Time of the Capture; provided that such Captain or other Commanding Officer, or such Matter or Commander, shall immediately, on receiving Notice of this Act, make full and complete Restitution of such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandise, to the Owners thereof, according as the Case may be.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar

imported into this Kingdom.

Most Gracious Sovereign, c \X7 E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's

public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day dr May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, additional Duties, and Impositions, whatsoever, due and payable for all Wines and Vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Impo- fuions, Rates or Duties following, without ahyxDifcount or Deduction inwards whatsoever; (that is to say).

For every Ton of French Wine and French Vinegar which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity:

And also for every Ton of all other Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend, to lay any further Duties upon Wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the Merchants or Importers thereof shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties; and which by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and inland Duties, are, on such Refusal, directed to be received into the Custody of proper Officers of the Customs, to be publicly fold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties hereinbefore granted, shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, ift the Ume Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum

18

Ifiny such Vessel shall be taken by a King's Ship or Privateer, on producing the said Manifest to the Captain, See* Ihefbailbe inline* d'ateiy rrleased.

Goods found on Board any Drogher employed in con?e*ing the t* me from Bay to B.y, &c. not Condemnation. This Act not to protest any Vessels, except their whole Cargo war taken in at Grenada or the Grenadines;

Nor toast'eft the Sentence of any Vice-admbalty Court previous to June 1, 1780. Comm nders of King's Ships,

Sec. not to any Action for defining Vessels contrary to this Act, i/ they were ignorant of the passing thereof at the Time of the Capttre, 9c C*.

[Preamble.]

After May TO,

1780, the following addition- ‘ a) Duties to be laid on Wines and Vinegar imported into Great Britain, vis.

On French Wine and Vinegir 81. per Ton and on all other Wines and Vinegar, 41, per Ton# No additional Doty to be laid on damaged-Wines.

The Dutiet above mentioned liable to an additional Impost of 5 per Cent in the Umt Manner as the

546 C. 31.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

additional Duty of 5 per Cent, granted by 19 Geo. liLCap.25. Duties to be levied and recover* ed in (be same Manner as former Duties

and to be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, &c.

A Separate Account to be kept in the Auditor's Office of all Monies paid in by Authority of this

a a.

Application

thereof.

Upon the Exportation of any Wine from this Kingdom, Exporter to be allowed a Drawback of all the Duties laid here-00 by this Act.

Preambles

is granted tq his Majesty, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intimled, An 4ft fir &ranting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties and Impositions herein-before granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as the former Duties now payable to his Majesty upon such Articles respectively are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respectively, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the same shall be under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs, and their Officers, for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in England\ and shall be by him paid (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, (ha)l, to-' gether with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any Sort of Wine from this Ringdom to any Part or Place beyond the Seas, as Merchandise, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-mentioned Duties prid upon the Importation of such Wine, by virtue of this Act; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Wine, was, could, or might be made before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of aqy Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty;

WHEREAS much of the Shipping of this Kingdom, built in Times of Peace for the Purposes of

Vy Commerce, is now, in the present Time of War and Hostilities, employed in transporting your

® T*rnnne on/1 anrl nnmr ooflolo aiiaVi tki. /*r-virito/l ITvor»innr> nf

Exporters of HrL* tiJhCom inVet* feU belonging to any Su* tin Amity with his Ma. jeily, to be allowed Half the usual Bounty. *Ebe said Bounty to be paid under the like Conditions, &c. as for Corn exported ii) British Sh p-ping.

Continuance of this Act.

c War, the Exportation of Corn and Grain from Great Britain is so far interrupted, that it cannot now, with Advantage to the Farmer and Merchant, notwithstanding the Bounty granted thereon, be exported in British Shipping, the Master and Two-thirds at least of the Mariners being your Majesty's Subjects:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there be allowed to the Exporters of Corn and Grain, who shall export the same in Ships or Vessels that are the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or States in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, one Moiety of the Bounty or Bounties respectively which is or are, by the Laws now in being, directed to be allowed to the Exporters of Corn and Grain the Growth of Great Britain, exported in British Shipping.

II. Provided always, That the said Bounty or Bounties be allowed and paid under the like Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as by the Laws now in being are directed to be observed in the Case of the said Corn or Grain exported in British Shipping; and that the Collector, or other proper Officer at the Ports or Places in this Kingdom from whence the same shall be exported, do first receive full and satisfactory Proof that the said Corn or Grain, for which the Bounty herein-before allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely, without Mixture of any other, the Growth of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

c. 3*> 33 547

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Parish of Aa*o Geo. IJ«

Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex, several Tolls, recited.

Duties, and Powers were given and granted to Samuel Dicker, Esquire, of the Parish of Walton, in the County of Surrey, to build a Bridge cross the River Thames from the said Parish of Walton to Shepperton,

in the County of Middlesex\ and a Bridge was accordingly built and passable for many Years: And whereas the said Bridge is now in a ruinous Condition, and, if not effectually repaired or rebuilt, will be manifestly to the Inconvenience of the Public: And whereas Michael Dicker Saunders of the City of Exeter \s now sole Proprietor of the said Bridge, and hath proposed effectually to repair or rebuild the said Bridge cross the said River, conformable to the Powers and subject to the Provisoes in the said above-

recited Act; but it having been found by Experience that the Pontage Toll or Duty for passing over the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, is greatly inadequate to the Expence of building and keeping in Repair the same ;* be it therefore enacted, Cfc.

Michael Dicker Sanders, of Exeter, impowered to take th% following Tolls: For every Coach or other " Vessele, drawn by fix Horses, or other Cattle, is. 6 d.; by four Horses, is. 6d.; by less than four Horses, 1 j.: For every Chaise, or other Vessele, drawn by one Horse, 6d.: For every Waggon, or other Carriage, drawn by more than fix Horses, or other Cattle, is.; by four Horses, 1 s. 6d.; and by two or three Horses, 1 j.; and by one Horse, 6 d.: For every Horse, &c. id.: For every Foot Pat- fenger, \d.; and if with a Wheel-barrow, or such like Carriage, 1 d.: For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, 1 s.jper Score: For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, 6d. per Score. Toll to be paid every Time the Bridge is passed over. How to be levied. Persons unloading Carts, tffc. to evade the Tolls, to forfeit iej. 208 Feet to be left for the Paflnge of the Water. A Temporary Bridge may be erected. The same Tolls for passing over the same. Temporary Bridge to remain no longer than Bridge shall be rebuilt. Powers of former Act extended to this Act. Limitation of Actions.

[Public Act.]

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years* in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls;9 and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Inter efts in certain Leases made the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

- XIJ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Rcciu

intituled, 41 The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Tears, in order to new - build the old Houses ,7 Geo. III.

belonging to the Rolls and for the better regwlafng the Method of granting Leases of the said Roils Estate Cap. 59.

for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Inter efts in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future, it is, amongst other Things, recited, That by an Act,

passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of hifc present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Act 14 Geo. III. 4 Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Register and Account- s^ctakTof*

ant-general of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records. Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, W

kept in such Offices, it was, among!! other Things, enacted, That out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, therein mentioned, and out of the Interest: produced, and to be produced, from such Securities; and also out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money; placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, therein also mentioned, and out of the

Interest produced, and to be produced, from such Securities; and out of the Surplus Interest which should arise or be produced frnm Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, therein mentioned; and out of the Interest which should arise or be produced from Securities to ? be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the prefept King;

3 ! facb

54®

f j Geo. Ul« C*p. ai.

Recital of 15 Geo. III. Cap. 56,

C. 33. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780

c such Sum and Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or

Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, should in his and their Discretion deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, and be applied pnder the Direction of the said Court, in the first Place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences in obtaining the said Act, and then in rebuilding the said Office called Thit Six CUrks Office, with the Offices thereto belonging, and in purchasing Ground and Houses for that Purpose, if any should be deemed necessary by the said Court, and in providing a proper Place for trans- acting the Business of the said Six Clerks Office during the Time such Office should be rebuilding; and the Sum of ten thousand Pounds in erecting proper and convenient Offices for the said Register and Accountant-general of the said Court, separate and detached from each other, and in purchasing such Ground and Houses as should be necessary for chose Purposes, and for preserving the ancient Books of Entries of Decrees and Orders of the said Court: And it is also recited. That by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vejling Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln’s-inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant-general of the Court of Chancery, and his Successiors for ever- for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant-general, and for the Regiffer of ibefatd Court» 4 it was enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining that Act should be paid and defrayed out of the same Funds, and in like Manner as the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining the said Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty are thereby directed: And it is also recited. That by an Act passed in the said fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of th+ 4 King's Court of Chancery, by an Act wade in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Regiffer and Accountant-general of the said Courts for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account kept in such Offices ijn building Offices for the said Six Clerks, in the Garden of Lin- coin’s-Inn, instead of rebuilding-the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery-Lane; and for other Purposes, it is enacted, That oat of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money mentioned in the said recited Act, and out of the Interest produced, and to be produced, from such Securities; and out of Surplus Interest produced, and to be produced, from Securities purchased in pursuance of the several Acts in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty mentioned; and out of the Interest produced, or to be produced, from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act; such Sum and Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, should in his and their discretion deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, and be applied, under the Direction of the said Court, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining of that Act, and in purchasing of the said Ground belonging to the Society of 1Lincoln’s* 4 Inn> therein mentioned and described, and in building thereon an Office for the said Six Clerks, and the Offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, except so much thereof as relates to the rebuilding of the said Six Clerks Office in the Place where the same then flood, and except so far as the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty is thereby altered and varied: And by the said Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is also recited, That the Ground for building the Offices for the Six Clerks, and for the Register and Accountant-general of the Court of Chancery, had been purchased, and the said Offices for the Register and Accountant-general had been erected, and so far completed and finished that the Business of those Offices then was and had for some Time been carried on and transacted therein; and that all the several Purposes of the said three Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty had been in a great Measure answered and satisfied by and out of the Funds provided for the same by those Acts, and would in a very short Time be fully answered and satisfied thereout, except that the said &um of ten thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Act of the fou teenth Year of his present Majesty, had been found not to be fully sufficient to an- fwer and satisfy the Purposes intended thereby; it was therefore enacted (amongst other Things), Thar, from and after the Time when the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Ldlds Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, should deem the Purposes of the said Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, to have been fully satisfied, the Surplus Interest arising, and which should arise, from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and the Surplus Interest arising,

and which should arise, from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty; and the Interest arising, and which should arise, from Monies placed*out in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, shall and may, by an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made*fior that Purpose, be appropriated and applied in and to the ratfinz and discharging of the several Sums of Money in the said Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty directed to be raised and paid: And whereas, notwithstanding the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds has been found not to be sufficient to answer and satisfy the Purposes intended by the said Act of the fourteenth Year of the present King, and is so recited in the said Act of the seventeenth Year of the present King* yet there, is no Provision in the said last mentioned Act enabling the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, to make any Order for the raising and paying any further or greater Sum than the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds, out of the Funds provided for building Offices for the said Register, and for the Accountant-general of the said Court of Chancery; by reason whereof the Purposes of the said Acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty cannot be satisfied,

or be deemed to be satisfied,: and no Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery can be made for

6 4 applying

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 34^ 549

applying the said Surplus Interest to the discharging the Sums of Money directed to be applied by the said Act of the seventeenth of his present Majesty, nor can the said last mentioned Act be carried into

Execution, unless a Power be given to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper,

or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, to satisfy the Purposes of the said former Act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty be it therefore enacted by the King’s mol Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, out of the Funds Court of Chan-in and by the said recited Acts, or any of them, mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High cer>.imi'0*,ered Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great ofeie

Seal of Great Britain^ for the Time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change* of p»(T-direct the Payment of the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining this Act, and such ingth.s Ad, further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of three thousand Pounds, over and above the out of any of the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds, in order to answer and satisfy the Purposes intended by the said Act of Funds thtrcin d the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the erecting Offices for the Accountant-general, and the fwther° Register of the said Court, and for the Purchase of the Ground whereon the same stand, in such Manner as suu. or‘3,cool, to the said Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the toanfwrrthe Great Seal of Great Britain, shall seem meet; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, con- P,fp°csof th.8 tained to the contrary notwithstanding. 14 Get ^iii 0t

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sale, and for regulating the

Exportation of Salt to the Isle of Man.

'4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

*4 TT/"E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have 4t freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and '4 Duties on Salt herein after mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Salt (over and above the Rates and Duties now due or payable thereon by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force), the several additional Rates and Duties following} that is to say.

[Preamble,

After May 10, 1780, the following new Duties to be laid on Salt; videlicet,

For every Gallon of Salt, not being of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, that shall be imported, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, into any Part of Great Britain, the Sum of two Pence Half-penny of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Gallon of Salt, and Rock Salt, that, from and after the said tenth Day of May> one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be made at any Salt Works, or be taken out of any Pit or Pits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of one Penny Farthing of like lawful Money; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity;

For every Bushel of Salt, that, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be made at any Salt Works, or be taken out of any Pit or Pits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of three Pence of like lawful Money; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity:

And for every Bushel of Salt, that, from and after the said tenth Day of May> one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be imported from Scotland into England, Wales, or the 7 own of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of seven Pence; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof.

Which said several and respective additional Rates and Duties, herein-before granted, shall and may, from Time to Time, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowances, Repayments, Drawbacks, Rules, Regulations, and Directions, in all Respects (not otherwise directed by this Act) as the present Duties on Salt are or can, by any Law or Statute now in Force, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several and respective Powers, Authorities, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, Powers of Recovery, and Mitigation of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Allowances, Repayments, Drawbacks, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the said several additional Rates and Duties, herein-before by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by the respective Commissioners for the Duties on Salt in England and Scotland for the Time being, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the present Duties on Salt are

Halfpenny per Gallon on all

foreign Salt imported:

id. Farthing per Gallonon all Salt and Rock Salt male, &c. in England or Wales:

3 d. per Ruftiel on all Salt made. See. in Scotland:

And yd. per

Bushel on all Salt imported from Scotland into England or Wales.

The said Duties to be levied and recovered. Sec. in the same Manner »t the present Duties

Produce of the Duties to be paiA into the Exchequer.

55°

A separate Account thereof to be kept in the Auditor'* Office.

How to be applied.

Recital of an Act a & 3 Annar.

No Drawback to

be allowed on Exportation of Salt for the fie of Man, until a proper Certificate shall be produced of the - landing thereof in the said island.

No Drawback shall be allowed for more than the Quantity actually landed there.

The Exporter to have an Allowance of four Bushels for every forty exported of White Salt, and of two Bushela for every forty of Rock Salt.

BroTish.

Regulations to be observed in case Salt so exported shall be sunk at Sea, or taken by the Eoemy.

No Drawback to be allowed for Salt landed in the IQe of Man, uo-

C. 34. Anno vicesimo Geerao 11 III. A.D. 1780.

by any Law now in Force directed to be paid (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting and accounting for the same, being deducted), for the Uies and Purposes in this»Adl mentioned, distinct and apart from* all other Monies which such Commissioners respectively shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the aforesaid Rates and Duties, and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, hie Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall, be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Su?n of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery,

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of her Jate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salty it is (amongst other Things) enacted and declared, That any Person exporting Salt to the Ijh of Man, according to the Directions of the several Acts relating to the said Duties upon Salt, is and shall be indtled to a 4 Drawback of the Duties of the Salt so exported, in such Manner as in case of the Exportation of Salt. 4 to any other foreign Parts: And whereas great Sums of Money are paid out of his Majesty's Duties upon Salt on Account of Debentures for British Salt shipped tabe exported to the Isle of Man, and it is found, by frequent Experience, that great Part of such Salt has been fradulently put on Shore and relanded in Great Britain, without being carried to the ljle of Alan, by which evil rradlice his Majesty's said Duties are very much lessened \ for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Debenture shall be made or granted, or Drawback allowed to be paid, for or upon Account of the Exportation of any Salt or Rock Salt for the Isle of Man, until the Exporter of the said Salt or Rock Salt shall produce, to the Officer appointed to make out such Debenture, a Certificate under the Hand of the Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place in the Isle of Man where such Salt shall be landed, or of the Person executing such Office, of the particular Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt actually landed, to be computed after the Rate of fifty-six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, in case the same shall be White Salt, and after the Rate of sixty-five Pounds to the Bushel, in case the same shall be Rock Sait; which Salt, and Rock Salt, is hereby directed and required to be weighed by the said Chief Officer, or Person executing such Office, who shall, without Delay, make out and deliver a Certificate thereof as aforesaid, gratis.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed or paid for more Salt or Rock Salt of the Quantity exported, than what shall appear by such Certificate to have been actually landed in the Isle of Many any Thing in the said Act, or any other Law or Statute* to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas White Salt and Rock Salt, in the Exportation to the Isle of Man, are liable to Waste,* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon producing such Certificate as before required from the Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place in the Isle of Man where any White Salt or Rock Salt exported from Great Britain shall be landed, or from the Person executing such Office, of what Quantity of White Salt and Rock Salt was actually landed there, the Exporter or Proprietor of such White Salt and Rock Salt shall have an Allowance of four Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and of two Bushtls for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, put on Board in order to be exported to the Isle of Man, in Confederation of the Ordinary Wade in the Carriage thereof, to be allowed upon the Debenture before mentioned, over and above the Quantity certified to have heen landed in the Isle of Man, as aforesaid, and no other or greater Allowance for or in respect of such Waste; any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no Debenture shall be made out or granted to the Exporter of such Salt or Rock Salt, for more than the Quantity actually shipped, although the Certificate of the Quantity of Salt landed in the Isle of Man, together with the Allowance for Waste on the Salt shipped as aforesaid, shall amount to more.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in case any Salt or Rock Salt, shipped for Exportation to the Isle of Man (the Duties whereof shall have beempaid or secured to be paid according to the Direction of the Laws now in Force relating to the said Duties on Salt), shall happen to perish by sinking of the Ship or Vessel on which the same shall be so shipped and laid on Board, or shall be taken by Enemies, then, and in such Case, the Exporter or Proprietor of such Salt or Rock Salr^ lb perishing or loft, shall, upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place, from whence the same shall be so exported, of the Loss of such Salt so shipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate (which the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant), that such Proof was made before them; and upon producing the said Cerificate to the Officer of the Place where the Duty on such Salt shall have been paid, or secured to be paid, such Security shall be discharged, and so much Money as was actually paid for the Duty on the said Salr, shall be repaid upon Demand by the said Officer, without Fee or Reward, provided such Proof to be made as aforesaid, shall be made by two credible Witnesses upon Oath, within two Years next after such Loss or Capture as aforesaid; any other Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be no. Debenture made out, or Drawback allowed, for any Salt or Rock Salt, to be landed in the Ijh of

5 alter

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 35.

after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred Sand eighty, unless the Entry of the same Salt at Exportation be made for some Port or Place in the Isle of Man, any other Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, moleiled, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, qr Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue,.and give the special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant of Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for home Consumption, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or selling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, In Parliament assembled, being desirous, by the most easy and effectual Ways and Means, to raise the necessary Supplies for defraying your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty, the several Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for, and upon all Malt, the Rates, Duties, and Malt Impositions, herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any Time or Times shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of six Pence, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Djuties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same:

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether the same shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of three Pence, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same:

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any Time or Times shall be brought from Scotland into England, I Tales y or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of three Pence, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; over and above the Duty herein-before granted upon Malt made in Scotland, and all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall also be raised, levied, col-. lested, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Bushel of Malt, whether ground or unground, made of Barley, or of any other Corn or Grain, belonging to any MaJtfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar-maker, either in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons whatever in Trull for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, Benefit, or Account, upon the said thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the Sum of six Pence, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Sum of three Pence in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and so proportionably for any greater or lefTer Quantity; to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively possessed of such Malt, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

III. Provided always, That the said additional Duty, hereby directed to be imposed, raised, and satisfied to his Majesty on the said Malt, which shall be in the Possession of any such Persons as are hereinbefore described, on the said thirtieth Day of May, shall be col lested and paid in Manner following; that

is to say, one third Part thereof on the thirtieth Day of June, one other third Part thereof on the thirty-fi ft Day of July, and the remaining third Part thereof on the thirtieth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

551

left the same wu entered for forr.e Port in the said Island,

Persons pro ft-coted in executing this Act>, may plead the General Issue, and recover Treble Costs,

[Preamble.]

After Miy 30, 1780, the foK lowing addition* al Duties to be laid on Malt; videlicet,

6 d. per BuAel on all Malt made in England, Wales, or Berwick;

3d. per BuAel on all Malt made in Scotland;

and 3d. per BuAel on all Malt imported from Scotland into England, dec.

6d. per BuAel to be paid by Malt-fterr. Retailers of Malt, dec. for the Stock of Malt in Hand on May 30, 1780, in England and and Wales; 3d. per BuAel in Scotland t

To be paid in three separate Payments.

552 C. 35. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.X). 1780.'

'Regulations relative to such Centrals for Sale I of Malt as wjU not 1>e fulfilled before May 50, 1780.

All the Powers contained in former Acts for collecting and recoverii g. See, the Duties on Malt, to be in Force for collecting and recover* ing the new Duties#

Certain Allowances to be made to Common Brewers out of the Duties on Malt} videlicet*

IV. And whereas several. Maftfters, who hfcvc fold or contracted for the Sate of Milt, may hot have delivered the same to the Buyers thereof before the said thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred' and eighty, and it is reasonable that such Buyers should reimburse to the said Maltsters all such Money as they shall have paid for the Duty charged thereon by virtue of this'ACI; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in all Cases where any Pecfcm shall have fold or eon traced for the Sale Of any Malt, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer, or Person who shall have contracted for the Put-chase thereof, before the said thirtieth Day of May, one thousand feveft hundred and eighty, every such Sale and Contract shall, and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been made-, and the Buyer or Person "who (half have contracted for the Purchase of any such Malt, shall, and is hereby required, at the Time of the Delivery thereof, to pay to the Person who shall have fold or contracted for the Sale of such Malt (over and above the Price agreed to be given for the same) all such Money as shall have been charged for the Duty thereon by virtue of this Act

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Exemptions, Deduction$, Bounties, Penalties and Forfeitures, Cfaufes; Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt\ and for raising the Sum of eight Millions by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances, in the gauging of Com making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lefi, burnt, or otherwise destroyed\ or as are contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in the said Act mentioned or referred unto, or any of them, are provided, settled, established, prescribed, or directed, for managing* ascertaining, securing, compounding, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying,

adjusting, and settling, the Duties there by granted, or to the Payment of Rents payable in Malt, or according to the Price of Malt, other than in such Cases for Which other Directions are prescribed by this AQty shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, ascertaining, securing, compounding, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjusting, and settling the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Impositions, by this Act granted upon Malt, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Exemptions, Deductions, Bounties, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. And, for the better Encouragement of Common Brewers, and Makers of Beer or Ale for Sale, and c to the End that no such Brewer or Maker of Beer or Ale may be under the Necessity to take any more in the Price thereof, upon the Retail of the same, than according to the usual Rates and Prices,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be paid and allowed, out of the Monies to arise by the said Duties on Malt, to every Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who brew Beer or Ale, and selfor tap out the same publicly or privately, over and above all other Allowances already given by any Law now in Force, the several and respective Allowances herein after mentioned; that is to say,

Upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above 6 Value, 1 s. 4 d. within London and Weft nainster, and the Bills of Mortality; and in all other Part of England, Wale*, or Berwick, I*. 8d* per Barrel \

Upon every Barrel of Beer or

Ale fold for 61. or under, 4<J. per Barrel;

Upon every Barrel brewed in Scotland, above 6 s. Value, sod.

Upon every Bar rel of Twopeony Ale, 6 d. 1

And upon every Barrel fold for t s, or under, jd.

The Sum of one Shilling and four Pence, upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

The Sum of one Shilling and eight Pence, upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, in England\ Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, not within the said Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

T"he Sum of four Pence, upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, of six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by the Commen Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fall or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, throughout England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

The Sum of ten Pence, upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive* of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the Common Brewer* or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fall or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland% and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

The Sum of six Pence, upon every Barrel of Two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, brewed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

And the Sum of three Pence, upon every Barrel of six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger; and to in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

Which said several respective Allowances for the said Beer or Ale, so brewed as aforesaid, shall be paid at the End of every four Months respectively, after the Duties shall have been paid for the same, and not sooner.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Geo Ron III:

C. 35-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who brew Beer or Ale, and fell or tap out the same, publicly or privately, shall, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the End of four Months after he or they shall have paid the Duties for any Beer or Ale by him or them brewed after the said thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, produce to, and leave with the Collector of Excise of the County, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where the Beer or Ale, for which the Allowances are by this Act directed to be made, was brewed, and where the Duties were paid for the same, a Certificate or Certificates from the Officer who received the said Duties, that the Duties charged or chargeable upon the said Beer or Ale have been actually paid, and that the same Beer or Ale was brewed since the said thirtieth Day of May^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty (which Certificate the said Officer is hereby required to give gratis); then, and in every such Case, the said Collector shall, out of the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed upon Malt, forthwith pay to the Person producing the said Certificate, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale mentioned therein, the respective Allowances by this Act in such Case directed to be made 5 and in Case the said Collector shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising by the Duty by this Act imposed upon Malt, to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners for the said Duty are hereby required to pay the said Allowances out of the said Duty upon Malt arising by this Act; and if at any Time it shall happen that the said respective Commissioners shall not have in their Hands Monies, arising by the said Duty, sufficient to pay the said Allowances, then and in every such Case the said respective Commissioners shall pay the said Allowances out of any Monies then in their Hands.

VI

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money shall be so paid by the respective Commissioners, shall be replaced to the Fund or Funds from which the same was borrowed, out of the first Monies that shall arise and be received from and upon Account of the Duty on Malt by this Act imposed, in Preference to all other Payments whatever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the thirtieth Day of AIay, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the several Kinds of Spirituous Liquors herein after mentioned, specified, and enumerated, which shall be made in Great Britain for Home Consumption, or imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament thereupon respectively set, rated, and imposed, the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned and cx-pressed; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extradion, made or drawn in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, from any Sort of Drink or Wash, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from Brewers Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers Wash or Tilts, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny:

or Coro, or Brewers Wash, &c.

For every Gallon of Strong Waters, or Aqua Vita, made for Sale, for Home Consumption, of the Materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, three Pence:

made of the Materials aforesaid.

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the first Extradion, made or drawn in Great Britain^ for Home Consumption, from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, three Pence:

from foreign Materials, &c.

For every Gallon of Spirits, made or drawn in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, two. Pence:

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the first Extradion, made or drawn, for Home Consumption, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except those before mentioned), or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny three Farthings:

made from Cyder, &c. id. 3 q«

For every Gallon of Spirits, made for Sale, for Home Consumption, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except those before mentioned), to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, two Pence:

For every Gallon of Single Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, one Shilling:

For every Gallon of Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vita> above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, two Shillings.

‘ X. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying, and securing, the additional c Rates and Duties by this Act imposed on the said Spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds therein/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as are charged upon Spirituous Liquors made and manufactured in, or imported into, England\ Wales,-or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Rates and Duties as are imposed by this Act upon Spirituous Liquors made and manufactured, or imported into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and

2 Management

553

Cofeftion Brew* «rt, four Months after payment of the Dudes for any Beer or Ale brewed after May 30, 17&V on producing a Certificate thereof to the Collec* for of Excise,

fha.ll be forthwith paid the Allowances before mentioned*

Monies borrowed from any other Fund to pay the aforesaid Allowances, how to be replaced*.

After May 30^ 1780, the following additional Duties to be laid on Spirituous Liquors made in Great Britain for Home Consumption, or imported from abroad; videlicet, Low Wine* oc Spirits of the first Extraction, made from Malt x d. per Gallons

Strong Watery, or Aqua Vitae, 3d. per Gallon f.

Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made 3d. per Galinas

Spirits, made of the aforesaid Materials, ad; per Gallons

Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, per Gallon:

Spirits, made from Cyder, Scc* ad. per Gallont

Single Brandy,

Sce, imported, it. per Gallon! Double Brandy, a I. per Gallon*

Duties on Srritl made in, or imported into, England, &c. to be under the Management of the Commissionera of Excise in England; and those madf

554

in, or ifrpo*ted into Scotl »nd, to fee uncrr 'he Commissionera in Scoland. Monies arifin? by the lj»rl Duties so be paid into < he F.xchequer apart from alt others. A 'd.tional Duty on Rum, &c. to be paid as the former Duties, An additional Duty of 5 per Cent, to be laid on all the before mentioned Duties j

which shall be collected and, paid, See* agreeable to 19 Geo. III. Cap. aj.

After July 5, 1780. 5 s. to be paid for every Licence for felling Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate

and no Person to fell any of the said Goods without having taken cut such Licence.

Who ft all grant such Licence* in tEogland;

and who in Scotland.

How Licence*

' are to be renew-‘ ed.

Penalty on felling Cotfre, fcc. without a Licence.

C. 35. Anno vicesimo Gbough III. A.D. 1780.

Management of the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland for the Time being;' and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power, by Commission Under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and all Monies arising by the said Duties in Great Britain, or any Part thereof (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Duty hereby charged upon Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, shall be paid and payable in such Manner only,v and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore charged on such Rum or Spirits are now by Law paid and payable.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional Duties hereinbefore granted on Malt, on low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and on Spirituous Liquors imported into Great Britain, shall be moreover subject and liable to an additional Duty or Impost of five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duty or Impost shall be raised and levied, collected and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulat ions, Powers and Authorities, Ways and Means, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum^ granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, are directed to be collected and paid* and all Monies arising by the additional Duty or Impost of five Pounds/>*r Centum, by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raifsng and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XIII.-And, for the more effectual raising the said Supply granted to his said Majesty/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of fuly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of five Shillings for any Licence to be taken out, in Manner herein after mentioned, by each Person trading in, felling or vending, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, or either of them.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who now, or at any Time or Times hereafter, doth or shall trade in, fell or vend, any Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, shall prelume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, either publicly or privately, to trade in, fell or vend any Coffee,-Tea, or Chocolate, or either of them, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall trade in, fell or vend any Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate; for which Licence he, she, or they, shall, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the Sum of five Shillings, in Manner following; that is to say. If such Licence be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners for the Duties of Excise for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the Duty for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; but if such Licences shall be taken out in any Part of England or Wales not within the said Limits, then such Licences to be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Subervifors of Excise, within their respective Collections and Districts; and the said Duty of five Shillings shall be paid for the same to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted: And in case such Licence shall be taken Out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the Duties for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; bVit if such Licence shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts, and the Duties for the same shall be paid to the Collectors of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, and the Persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such Collectors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, upon their Payment of five Shillings for each Licence. -t,

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall take out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence ten Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after taking out the first Licence, before he, she, or they do presume to trade in, fell or vend, any C< ffee, Tea, or Chocolate; and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of five Shillings for each and every new or renewed Licence, in Manner, and at the Places and Times before mentioned: And if any Person or Persons shall, after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, presume or offer to trade in, fell or vend, any Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, without first taking out such Licence,

and renewing the same yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the ' Sum of twenty Pounds for each Offence.

A.D. 1780. Anno, vicesimo Georgii II. I. c. 35- 555

XVI. Provided always, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on their Trade or Bufmrfs of felling Persons in Part-or vending Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to cake out more ^iT^d^oTakToot than one Licence in any one Year, for carrying on such Trade; and that no Licence which shall be m^t|^aoaon° granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or impower any Person or Persons, to whom the same shall

Licence f*;r car-

be granted, to trade in, fell, or vend, any Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, in any other House or Place, except ryi.^on Trade in such Houses or Places thereto belonging, wherein he, (he, and they shall inhabit and dwell at the in one House, Time of granting such Licence.

XVII. And, for the better collecting, raising, levying, and securing the Duties by this Act imposed The Duties on on Licences for dealing in, vending and selling, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate ;* be it further enacted by the L,cenC(S bc Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licences in England, JTales, J|"^lehnc, otVhe or the Townof Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners rmd Officers Commissionei* of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Duties as are 01 Mix c»h- in Eng-charged upon such Licences in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers DndandScutLad, of Excise in Scotland for the Time being 5 which said several and respective Commissioners of Excile, or respectively$ the major Part of them, shall be his Majesty's Commissioners for granting such Licences; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hand> and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and all Monies arising by the said Licences (the necessary Charges of raising and account- and to be paid ing for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Ex- into the E*che-chequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, subject and liable to the quer *rom UOs and Purposes herein after mentioned* ail clhcr Dime%

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in a separate Ac-the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising count to be kept from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate in ,hc Auditor’* and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Officaof jiiMo— Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, virtue^ofchi* together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Act.

Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such How to be ap-other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session plied* of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it shall hap- in case the Pro* pen that the Produce of the several Duties granted by this Act, together with the several other Duties, Juce of the Du-Revenues, and Taxes granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Payment of the several Annuities of tj1es B'a"ted bJ four Pounds per Centum, and of one Pound sixteen Shillings and three Pence per Centum, in respect of other Aftf twelve Millions borrowed in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act this Session, shall1 for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, shall not be sufficient prove insufficient to pay and discharge the Annuity to be due and paid on the said four rounds per Centum Annuities granted to pay the several by the said Act, for one Quarter of a Year, to the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ^Louer* eighty, and the several Annuities of four Pounds per Centum from thenceforth payable half-yearly, as also Act*1 °l the said Annuity of one Pound sixteen Shillings and three Pence per Centum, to continue for eighty Years,

from the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and then to cease, together with the other Charges and Expences attending the said respective Annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same, at the End of any or either of the half-yearly Days of Payment at which the same are directed by the said Act to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies such Deficiency shall and may be supplied out of any of the Monies, which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in be suppl»e i the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, com- ?ul ®f lj"cSiak* posing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are ln* un 1 appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf), and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or limes, before any Monies of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid,

shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Monies of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be fta,l be -

issued out of the Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies emt of the

to be then after granted in Parliament. first Supplies.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any In case of any Surplus or Remainder of the Monies anfing by the said Fund, after the said several and respective An- Surplus of the nuities, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose; such p^men^of The Surplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall Annule»° the* not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Par- same shall he liament; any Thing in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. reserved for the

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Autho- D^ppfition of rities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in rlumcflt* and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for A11 Power*

taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purvey- merAftsreU?ve

once, to the Duties of

S56

Excise on Beer, &c. for collect* ing and recovering the said Duties, are to be applied in collecting, recovering* &c« the Duties hereby granted*

Penalty on mole (ti a g Officers of Excise in executing this Act.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Persont sued for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, may plead-the General Issue, And recover ITxeble Coils*

[Preamble.]

After June 14, 1780, all Per-foosto whom ny Children shall be appointed So be hound in pursuance of any Act for Relief of the Poor in any particular District in England, shall be obliged to provide for them, dec. Penalty on such Peribm neglecting to provide for Xu Ji Children.

Way be levied "by

Distress.

A| psal to the X^uai ter bciliom.

C. 36. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

once, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof\ or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put injExecution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and eft’edlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers,’ Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this Act, every Person or Persons so doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties^ and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by Sny Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or fuc for the same.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the binding and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts; and for ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children born in the Houses of Industry within such Hundreds or Districts.

WHEREAS several Acts of Parliament have of late Years been made and passed, for the better ‘ Relief and Employment of the Poor in particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts, within that c Part of Great Britain called England, whereby Power is given to bind poor Children Apprentices Under certain Restrictions therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Persons are compel- lable to receive and provide for such poor Children as shall be appointed to be bound Apprentices to them c in pursuance of the said Adis be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the respective Persons to whom any poor Children shall be appointed to be bound Apprentices, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament made and passed for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in any particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, and they are hereby required to receive and provide for such Children, according to the Indentures to be executed by the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor for such respective Hundreds or Districts, for the binding of such poor Children, in like Manner as Persons are now obliged by the Laws in being to receive and provide for poor Children appointed to be bound Apprentices by Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Assent of two Justices of the Peace, and also to execute the Counterpart of such Indentures respectively: And if any Person, to whom any poor Child shall be appointed to be bound Apprentice, in pursuance of any such Act of Parliament as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to receive and provide for such poor Child, or to execute the Counterpart of the Indenture for binding such Child as aforesaid, every Person so refusing or neglecting, upon Proof of such Refusal or Neglect being made, by the Oath of one of the Directors or acting Guardians, or of some other credible Witnef?, before any two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Liberty, or Place, within which the incorporated Hundred or District to which such Child belongs shall be situate, Hull forfeit and pay to the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor for such incorporated Hundred or District, or to their Treasurer or Appointee, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor within the same, the Sum of ten Pounds; such Penalty or Forfeiture to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; saving always to the Person, to whom any poor Child shall be so appointed to be bound an Apprentice, his or her Appeal to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace for that County, Liberty, or Place, whose Older therein shall be final.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

P. 37> 3*« 557

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to compel any Person to No Person cow-take any such poor Child Apprentice as aforesaid, unless such Person shall be an Inhabitant and Occupier pdluble 10 take* of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Parish to which such Child belongs; and that all Bastard poor Child a?-Children born or to be born in the House of Industry within any such incorporated Hundred or District, prentice, except fli4.Il be deemed to belong to the Parish or Place where the Mother of such Bastard Child was legally biunV&c^f" settled. the Parish.

Bastard s born in Houses of Industry to belong to the Mother’* Parijfc,

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting his Majestys Land Forces and Marines,

as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing

c W an Act* t made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and better Rceiul of r*, recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions Geo I^ClP'‘« 4 itr the Place thereof \ to continue in Force until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer; and it is found expedient, that so much of the said Act, as relates to the x Encouragement of Volunteers, should be continued \* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, SomBch of the Clatifes, Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, so far as the same relate to the Encouragement JelatwtotheEn-of Volunteers to inlist in his Majesty's Service, and the several Privileges, Immunities, and Advantages couragement of" therein given and granted to such Volunteers, their Wives and Families, and also to the Time for which Volunteer* to in-such Volunteers shall be inlisted; and also all Provisions relating to the entering the Names, Descriptions, Mft in hi* Miami Terms of Service, of every such Volunteer, in the public Book of the Regiment or Company to if*’* Service* which he shall belong, on his being inlisted or draughted, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, continued from the said first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, until the first Day ,7ga. 7 of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness\ and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

WHEREAS, by reason of the hostile Intentions of the Courts of France and Spain to invade these P Realms, and of the great Preparations made in the said Kingdoms for that Purpose, it is become

absolutely necessary, for the present and future Protection and Security, as Well of his Majesty's Dock,

Ships of War, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheernfs, as of the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, to erect and raise additional Fortifications and Intrenchments near the same: And whereas the Lands herein after mentioned, lying near the said Docks of Plymouth and Sheerness, and also near the Passage of the River Thames at or near Gravesend and Tilbury Fort aforesaid, are wanted for the Purpose of being made use of to erect and raise such Fortifications and Intrenchments: And whereas many of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, necessary to be purchased, may insist on large and extravagant Demands for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, or for the Damage and Injury they may pretend that they shall sustain by reason of such Fortifications and Intrenchments: And whereas many Persons may pretend or claim to have Title to the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so that it may be doubtful to whom a Compensation ought to be made, which cannot be determined without the Aid of Parliament: To the End

therefore that the true and real Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, may be afeer- tained, and the actual and real Owners and Proprietors may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for any Claim or Right thereto 5 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, called or known by the Name of Mount P leaf ant, containing by Estimation fix Acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the Panfti of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Matthew Dixon, John SpurrelL and Samuel Pyke; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation seven Acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being near the Manor Pound in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the said County of Devon, together with a Stone Pound thereon erected, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging or appertaining, now or late In the Tenure or Occupation of Nicholas Farr, Orlando Lockyery and Richard Vtvyan lVilltford\ and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation seven Acres, be the same more or less, situate.

Certain Parcdb of Ground, and Tenement* thereunto belonging, situate near Fl/mouth

5^ C. 3®»

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

lying, and being in the Midway from Mount Pleasant to Keyham Point in the said Parish of Stoke Da-merely and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of John Hill, William Austin, and Susanna Croad; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground called or known by the Name of Dodges Hill, containing by Estimation four Acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Stoke Damerell aforesaid, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Mary Connick, Nicholas Mill, George Lier, Magnes Dazue% William Davies, John James Hicks, James Tredimick, John Elis, John Bonner, Francis Kelly, Elizabeth Lamb, Just ini a Toms, James Dunn, Anne Popplestone, William Indicott, William Jenkins, Francis Cocke, William Palmer, John Stephenson, and Benjamin Andrews; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation twelve Acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being on Stonehouse Hill, in the Parish of East Stonehouse in the said County of Devon, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Luke Dunn, Thomas Warm, and Susanna Croad; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation twenty Acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being on the Heights of Maker, in the Parish of Maker in the County of Devon, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of the Right Honourable the Lord Edgecumbe, John Eager, John Lajkey, William Elwoirthy, and Thomas Edwards*, and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation twenty Acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being near Tor Point, in the Parish of Anthony in the County of Cornwall, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or, late in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Graves, John Jeffery, Abraham Roberts, and John Hill; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing dv Estimation thirty Acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being at Mount Batten, in the Parimof Plymstock in the said County of Devon, together with a round Tower erected thereon, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground tnd also certain, belonging or appertaining, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Christopher Rouse; and also all parcels of Land, that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Estimation twenty-six Acres or thereabouts, be the same more nd Tenements or less, now or jate ;n the Tenure or Occupation of John Holden, situate, lying, and being in jthe Parish lon^ngjnor, in the County of Kent, abutting East on the High-water Mark, and Weft on certain Lands

neartoGravef- belonging to his Majesty, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground end and Tilbury belonging or appertaining; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Estimation twenty-JFert* nine Acres or thereabouts, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the said Parish of,

abutting North on the Road to the Ferry, East upon a certain Creek dividing the said Piece of Land from other Lands late belonging to Hosier Hart Esquire deceased, and South to the High-water Mark adjoining^ to the Footway leading from Sheerness to Sheenborough, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, being late the Property of the said Hftier Hart; which said Pieces or Parcels of Land I aft mentioned now or late were in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Bell, the Widow Leey John Xkickfin^ and others; and also all those several Pieces of Land, confiding of Garden Ground and Fields, now or late the Property of Francis Wadman Esquire, containing by Estimation twenty-six Acres or thereabouts* be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Gravesend in the County of Kent, abut- ting Weft on the Road leading to the New Tavern in the Town of Gravesend, South on the Road leading from Gravesend to Milton and Chatham, and North on certain Lands the Property of Sarah Gordon of Rjochester Widow, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, now or late the Property of the said Sarah Gordon, containing by Estimation seven Acres or thereabouts, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the said Parish of Gravesend, abutting South and Weft upon the Lands hereinbefore last described, and North on the Bank of the River Thames, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of; and also all that Piece

or Parcel of Land, containing by Estimation one Acre and three Roods or thereabouts, be the same more-or less, situate, lying, and being near Tilbury Fort, in the Parish of, in the County of

Essex, extending from North-east to South-west from a certain Bank called The Manoway, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of,

shall be, and are hereby veiled and settled, and declared and taken to be in the actual and real Possession and Seizin of the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Norton Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir William Lemon Baronet, Edward Eliot Esquire, John Parker Esquire, John Rolle Esquire, the Honourable Charles Marsham, Thomas Knight junior Esquire, John Luther Esquire, and Thomas Berney Bramston Esquire, their Heirs and AflSgns for ever, ip Trull nevertheless for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as, at or immediately before the Time of making this Act, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their several Estates and Interests therein, at the same Time, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, or Possession thereof taken by the Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority, which they are hereby impowered to do whenever it shall be found necessary for his Majesty's Service; and the several Sum or Sums of Money, and Intercll for the same, after the Rate of five rounds per Centum for one Year, for the gross Sum that shall be assessed for the true and real Value thereof, in Manner and Form as is herein after mentioned and expressed, shall be paid, jteafonabi® II, ^nd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That reasonable and just Compensation and

bemad" to the° Satisfaction shall be made out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament, for and in respect of the said Proprietor*out Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before mentioned, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies of the next Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civile

in Truf-

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 38* 559

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better ascertaining the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and their respective Titles and Claims thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more Commission or Commissions by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorize and appoint any Number of Persons to be Commissioners to hear and determine all Titles and Claims that wall or may be made to the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof; which Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, and shall and may in a summary Manner proceed, aft, and determine, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), In-speftion, and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records 5 or, if requested by the Parties interested, by Inquest of twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn in Manner herein after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said Ways, or otherwise, according to their Discretion, all and all Manner of Rights, Estates, and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates, and Questions, which shall happen and arise between any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Premises, or any Part thereof; and shall have Power to fend for any Person or Persons, and oblige them to produce their Deeds or Writings upon Oath relating to any of the same Premises, and also shall and may, by Agreement with the refbefti.ve Person or Persons that shall be determined to be the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said Inquest of the said twelve good and lawful Men to be impannelled and sworn, inquire, proceed, aft, and determine, touching and concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to cause all their Judgments and Decrees to be entered fairly in Books, which Judgments and Decrees shall expressly mention and specify the respective House or Houses, or other Messuages or Tenements, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of every Person or Persons interested respectively in the same, and the respective Sum or Sums that shall be so agreed for or assessed by the said Jury to be paid for the same respectively, which Judgments and Decrees shall likewise be fairly ingrossed on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King’s Remembrancer in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and such Judgments and Decrees made as aforesaid shall be final, and shall conclude all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Custom, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; Copies of which said Judgments and Decrees shall be laid forthwith before both Houses of Parliament, that a just and reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction may be made to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better carrying the said Commission or Commissions into Execution, the said Commissioners, to be appointed in and by the said Commission or Commissions, or any five or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and are hereby authorised and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the respective Sheriffs of the respective Counties wherein such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall lie; thereby commanding them respectively to impanne), summon, and return, before the said Commissioners, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, a good and sufficient Jury of twenty-four good and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries, at the Assizes for the said respective Counties, who, upon their Oaths (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Power to administer), shall inquire into the true and real Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and every Part or Parcel thereof, and who respectively‘are the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and their respective Estates and Interests therein: Arid the better to enable the said Jurors to make such Inquiry* the said Commissioners shall and lawfully may direct, in such their Warrant or Warrants to the said respective Sheriffs, a View to be taken, by fix or more of the said Jurors,; of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said respective Counties, at feme Time previous to the Meeting of the said Commissioners: And the Sheriffs of the said Countiesrespec-tively, upon the Receipt of such Warrant or Warrants from the said Commissioners as aforesaid, are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return twenty-four good and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes for the said respective Counties, and in the mean Time to have fix or more of the said jurors, so impannelled and sworn, }to view the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in their respective Counties; and at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, to attend the said Commissioners, with b»s 0/ |heir Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necessary, the Summons of the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned respectively, upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of thenp, shall have Power to administer to the said respective Sheriffs, and their Bailiffs and Officers, or any or either of them): And in case the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, and his or their Bailiffs and Officers, or any or either of them, shall neglect orrefufe (being duly served with such Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners fourteen Days before the Return thereof,) to impannel, summon, and return, such Jury of good and lawful Men as aforesaid, or otherwise refuse tp execute such Warrant or Warrants, or shall not attend the said Commissioners with his or their Bailiffs and Officers who shall summon the said Jurors, at the Returp of such-Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine on such Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and Officers, or any or either of them, so making Default, not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, for any one Offence; and in case the said Jurors so to be impanoelled summoned, and returned, or any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Return of such Warrant pr^YVraqts, and tpj>e sworn for the Purposee aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then assembled and met, or any five or more of them,

C a 10

His Majesty impowered, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to appoint Commissioners to determine Claims to the said Lands, &c.

How they are to proceed.

Judgments uni Decrees of Commissioners to be entered im Books, *c.

Copiei thereof. to be laid beforO both Houses of Parliament,

Commissioners to issue their Warrants to Sheriffs to sum* tnon Juries;

who are to inquire into the Value of Lindrj See.

Sheriffs to summon Juries accordingly.

Penalty on She* riffs or their fleers making

Default;

ftitflaUbd#

Juror*,

60 C. 38.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

In case f.ffl-cient Jury Hull not appear upon Return of the Warrant. Com-iri (Tinners rray ad}»'utn thr !n-«ju 0, and issue their Warrant for summoning other Jurors in Room of Defaulters, Commissioners, after the Inquest stall he taken, jo$y adjourn^ &c.

Commissioneri to gire Notice previous to their ref^ tctive Meet- ingi.

flow they art to proceed if Owners make Default in appear* »AS*

Dn Payment of thr Sutnsafleflei by Jury* Sec. Tru(te:a to be deemed seised of the PremHe*, for the Use of his Majesty,

Commissionert to examine into Complaints of Owners of adjoining Lands, dec. and to make an Estimate of the Damages received.

How the Pro/ha of Lands vested in the Trustee| Aall be applied.

Commissionert

*c\ Jivble ^Q tho Tenaltiei mentioned in an Act ofas Car. II.; Or in x <3ul Sc Mar. Cap. 8;

and 14 Gul. III. Cap. 6 j

1 Gast* L Cap.

to impose a Fine upon each and every of the Jurors so impannelled, summoned, and returned, and (without lawful Excuse, to be allowed of by the said Commissioners then fitting, or the major Part of them) making Default, or refusing to be sworn, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain-> which Fine and Fines, so to be imposed and set, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to eftfeat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of his Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear*

upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to adjourn the said Inquest to any future Day* not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than four Days, from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning, and returning an equal Number of Jurors to those so making Default, who, together with the Jurors before returned by the Sheriffs of the respective Counties upon such second Warrant or Warrants afterwards to be ifltied, or upon any future Warrant or Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to issue and make from Time to Time, until a sufficient Jury can be had, shall inquire as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest aforesaid; and that in case twetve or more, not exceeding twenty-three in the Whole, shall appear, and be sworn, to take such Inquest, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall continue and fit from Day to Day, until the said Inquest shall be taken, and, after the Inquest shall be taken, may adjourn to some future Day for making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

VII. And, to the Intent that no Person or Persons may have any Cause or Pretence for not appearing c to make out their Claims or Title to the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any rart or 1 Parcel thereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five or more of the said Commissioners shall give Notice, in Writing, twenty-one Days at lead before their Meeting at each Place, which Writing shall be affixed at the Gates of the respective Docks of Plymouth and Sheerness, and on the Door of the respective Town-halls of Plymouth and Rochester, and on the respective Church Doors of the Pa-fifties wherein the Town of Gravesend and Tilbury Fort are situate, and shall likewise be published in the London Gazette; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to appear, or, when he or they shall appear, shall wilfully refuse to shew his or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises; that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the Jurors to be impannelled and sworn upon /itch Inquest, shall proceed, upon the best Information they can get or have, to make such Inquest, Judgments,* and Decrees, as before directed j and all such Judgments and Decrees, being entered and certified as afOTe-said, shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that Payments shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money so to be agreed for or assessed by the said Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned* or to any or either of them, the Trustees herein-before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to fluid seised of such Part and Parcel of the said Premises as shall be so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, hre Heirs and Successors, forever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Right, Title, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that can or may be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Complaint of any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,' by this Act vested in the said Trustees, that'he, she, or they have received any Damage by the erecting or completing of the said Fortifications and Intrenchments, or of any of the Works thereto belonging, to examine into and hear every such Complaint, and shall make an Estimate of such Damage, and shall return such Estimate with, and in the Manner they are berem*before directed to*return the aforesaid Judgments and Decrees.

t X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Building or Buildings shall be made or eroded upon any of the Lands vested by this Act as aforesaid; and that the whole Profits arising, or that shall hereafter arise, from the said Lands, be* and are hereby appropriated and applied for and towards the E red toil* smd Reparation of the respective Fortifications and Intrenchments of each Phce, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and ail and fingujarthe Premises shall be, and are hereby enacted and declared to be, undienable from the Crown; neither shall any Part of the Premises b6 demised of demifeable, otherwise than during Pleasure only. 1

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Topifty RecusanU\ or in one other Act, made in the first Yeas of the Reign of King IVilVtam and Queen Maty* imittffed, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Sufrre* macy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths 5 Or in one ot her" Ad, Made in the Parfirfm^nt bolderi in thd thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King IViUbam the Third, intituled, An Act for abe better Security of his Majesty's Person, and We Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for ex tin-guishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors \ or in one other Act, made in the Parliament begun and holden in the fifft Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Governments and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protesttints j atfd for eMtingwjlirg the Hopes of the pretended Prince of W ales, and hisoptrianll fecntAbitUrsJ. it; u;

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 39. 561

Commissioners not disqualified from being Members of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

Recital of the Navigation Act ii Car. II.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall riot by reason thereof in any Sort be disabled or disqualified from fitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Plac'e of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities.

WHEREAS y an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it was, amongst other 4 "Things, enacted, That ,n° Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Africa, Asia, or America, shall be imported or brought into England, Ireland, lVa!es% the Islands of Guernsey or jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any other Place or Places, Country or Coun- tries, but only from thofeof the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of from those Parts where the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are, or usually have been, first shipped for Transportation,

and from none other Places or Countries, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid Goods as shall be imported frpin any other Place or Country, contrary to the true Intent and Mean- ing of the said Act; and also of the Ship in which they were imported, with all her Guns, Furniture,

4. Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: Aqd, whereap,.during the present Rebellion of the Colonies in America, My oxal Parcels of 7pbacco of the Growth of the said Colonies, which have escaped the Cap- ture of British Cruisers, have been imported into some of the neutral Islands in the West Indies, where they have been purchased determined by some of his Majesty's Subjects not in Rebellion, and thence conveyed to some British Island in the West Indies, where thqy have been admitted to Entry; and from whence they have been imported into this Kingdom upon Payment of, or Security given for the Payment of the British Plantation Duties: And whereas Doubts have arlfen respecting the Legality of such Importation'

into the said British Islands in the West Indies, as also of the Importation thereof from the said Islands*

into this, Kingdom: And whereas it is manifestly for the Benefit of the Revenue and Navigation of this Kingdom, to permit the said Trade’* and to exempt from the Forfeitures and Penalties above mentioned,

s^ny Parcels of the aforesaid Tobacco, which having been tqmshipped at Sea on board such Vessels which brought the same from Saint Hujlatia, jnd other neutral Islands, have not been landed at any Iflgpd or e ther Place in the British Dominions ip America^ from which the same may be lawfully imported 4# into this Kingdom: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners of such Tobacco so imported, or which mall or may be imported into this Kingdom, before the first Day of January, one thousand Teverii hundred and eighty-one, to enter and pay the Duties due and payable for such Tobacco, without incurring any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever, for or by reason of such Importation; and the said Tobacco so entered or to be entered, and tbfe Shipi or Vessels ifiwhBch* the same was or may be so imported as aforesaid, shall be released and aifeharged from any Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation; any Thing in the said recited Act, or ariy othft Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties that may hereafter arrfeby such Importations,’ it is heWbyTufit'heir enacted islhd declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of %emudrjy one thousand foveri hundred and eighty-one, any Tobacco, being the Growth or Produce of any Part of the British Dominions in America, which, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, shall be bona fide imported into and landed at any British Island in the West Indier, from any Island or Place in America of the West Indies in Amity with his M*ij.tiy, his Heirs or Successors, shall and may be imported, directly from such British) Island, and shall and may be entered and landed in this Kingdom upon Payment of the proper Duties due thereon) provided the Matter, or Penon having the Command or Charge of the

Vessel in which the same shall be imported, fiull produce and deliver to the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, at the Time he makes his Report, a Certificate, under into this King-theHUridand Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, pf/the tfritish Island Whfsra such Tobacco was laden and taken on Board, certifying that the said Tobacco e tr 1

Was so. Lden and taken on Board there, and naming the Island or Place from which such Tobacco was so imported; and such Tobacco (hnil also he accompanied with the customary Manifests and other Documents, and shall in all other Ref efts be subject and liable to the same Securities, Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Tobacco the Growth or Produce of zny^British Colony or p[0p"PcerUfi?*

lawful to such tobacco

# Or Pro- mav irp >rted

duce of sny Part of the 'British Dominipr* in Avuricay from any Island or Place in Amity with his Ma- in British Vessels rfty, into ary British Island in the West Indies, and that the Tobacco lo imported into such British Island, ('oman.v neutral wall'not be liable t*. Seizure, or Confiscation. ' TTwVi*?"

IV. And it is b.;ebv further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Tobacco of the Growth j'roSa* or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, which, from and after th-a the VroduceoT* firQ Day of January, ony jho^land ieyen hundred and eighty-one, shall be imported into this Kingdom* British America,

}i from imported 4s be-

fore mcnUcaed,

Tobacco the Growth of the British Colonies in America, imported from the neutTal Islands in the West Indies, &c. before Jan.

1, 1781, maybe entered, without incurring any Penalty 1 And after Jan. I, 1781, any such Tobacco, which, during the present HotliJitiet, shall be landed at any British Island in the West Indies from a neutral Port, may be imported directly from such Iflanft -

Vessel shall produce to the Custom-house Officer at the Port

56*

fter Jan, i, 1781, (except Prize Tobacco) there shall be paid an additional Duty of 1 d. per Pound } besidea the additional 5 per Cent* granted by 19 Geo. III. Cap. 15* New Duty to be collected and recovered, &c. in the same Manner as the former Duties on Tobacco (except where altered by this Act); and to be paid into the Exchequer by the Receiver- general of the Customs. A Ceparate Account to be kept an the Auditor's Office of all Monies paid in by virtue of this

A a.

How to be applied.

Upon Exportation of such. Tobacco, a Drawback to be allowed of all the Duties paid upon Imputation by virtue of this Act*

Continuance ti this Act.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 15 Geo. III. Cap.

2*

Cs ^Oa

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

from any Island or Place from whence the same may be lawfully imported) not being the Island or Place of the Growth or Produce of such Tobacco (except Tobacco taken and condemned as Prize), there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of one Penny for every Pound Weight of such Tobacco, which shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever; and shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum is granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain).

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty herein-before

granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alt€ration, made by this Act), as the former Duties now payable to his Majesty upon such Tobacco are raised, levied, ‘ paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were, particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and shall be p.iid into the‘Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary Charges of ralfing, collecting, and answering the same, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct am) apart ft*ocn all other Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, for tfi£ Uses ind Purposes in this Act mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuceHibr?^ upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid ipto the said Receipt 6PExchdfyjef as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as (half be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Monty by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of such Tobacco from this Kingdom to ianv Part' beyond the Seas as Merchandise, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-mentioned Duties paid upon the Importation' of such Tobacco by virtue of this Act; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Tobacco, was* could* or might be made before the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force during the present Hostilities^ and no longer.

CAP. XL.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his MajestyV Reign* (for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen% in lieu of Somerset House; and for other Purposes)y as enables the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to apply the Sums ne-cessary for completing Somerset House, out of the Aids granted for Naval Services* or our of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Buckingham House with the Appurtenances upon the Queen y in case she shall survive his Majesty, in lieu of his Majesty's Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to sell and clijpose of Ely House in Holborn; and for applying the Money to drift by Sale thereof together with other Monies, in erecting and establishing Public Vjfices in Somerset House?' and for cm- banking certain Parts of the River Thames lying within the Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That in case the Money, arising by the Sale or Sales, Demises or Surrenders of Ely Housey and other the Premises vested in the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to be sold or demised, should not be sufficient to answer the Purposes for which the same was appropriated, it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, out of aJl or any of the Aidj or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, for or towards all or any of the Naval Services, or out of all or any of the Revenues arising or to arise to his Majesty, within the Re- ceipt, Management, or Government, of all or any of the several Offices erected and established, or to be erected and established, by virtue of the said Act, to order and direct, from Time to Time, such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they should judge necessary for answering the Purposes, and carrying the Intentions of the said Act into ciffeftual Execution: And whereas large Sums of Money have already been expended on the Buildings at Somerset House more than have arisen from the Sale of Ely House, and the other Premises mentioned in the said Act; and further large Sums of Money will be necena/y to complete the said Buildings: And whereas the Method prescribed for issuing the Money under the said

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 41, 42. 563

Act is contrary to the Usage of Parliament, with respect to Grants for other Public Services, which is by Sums voted annually founded upon proper Estimates: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Part of the rt-and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as prescribes the Method of *jted Aa repeal* issuing Monies for the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be and is hereby repealed. ed#

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Further continued till May 15, 1782.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty federal additional Duties upon certain Goods imported [ into the Isle of Man; and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said Island.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, for further Provision towards defraying the Expences of Government of the Isle of ? IWatty.and better raising and securing a. Revenue for that Purpose* have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famcj, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto Lis Majesty, his H?ir* and Successors, the following Disties j jfojr and upon the Goods and Merchandises Serein-after mentioned, which shall be brought or imported into the Isle of Man; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations, imported from that Part of Great Britain called England\ a further additional Duty of six Pence, over and above all other Duties now charged thereon:

,; f imported from

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported from England, an additional Duty of one Penny:

, For and upon aftHemp, Iron, Deal Boards, and Timber, imported from foreign Parts, an additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem:

For every Ton of French Wine imported, an additional Duty of four Pounds:

For every Ton of all other Sorts of Wine imported, an additional Duty of two Pounds; and after these Rates so* any greater or less Quantity of such Wine.

After July 5, 1780, the following additional Duties to be paid on Importation into the Iflr of Man$ viz* For every Gallon of Rum the Produce of British Plantations* England, 6 d. For every Pound of Tobacco so imported, id.; Hemp, Iron, &c. from foreign Psrts, 5 pet Cento-ad valorem j

French Wine 4l. per Ton j

and all other Wine, al.

II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma- Recital of jesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man 5 and 7 Geo. Iff,

for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and *45*

Flour, author tjed^ by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, to be transported to the said Island, the Exporter from this Kingdom into the Isle of Man of such Goods, and in such Manner as therein mentioned,

was thereupon intitled to receive the same Drawbacks, under the same Regulations in all Respects, as were then allowed and prescribed for such Goods respectively when exported from Great Britain to Ireland* And whereas* since the passing of the said recited Act, the Drawback, which was at that Time 4*allowed upon the Exportation of Tea from Great Britain to Ireland, has ceased and determined, and another Drawback upon Tea so exported has been since allowed by a subsequent Act of Parliament,

which is now in Force;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and After July after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the several Duties granted and >7*°» the Dutieo payable to his Majesty, in and by the said recited Act, for and upon every Pound Weight of Bobea Tea, ®®T«tndC©f* Green Tea, and Coffee* imported from England into the said Isle of Man, shall cease, determine, and be from^ghnd, no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: granted by the And that in Lieu of the said Duties by this Act repealed as aforesaid, there shall be raised, levied, col* recited Act:, to lested, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Duties for and upon the Goods and Merchandises herein after mentioned, which shall be brought or imported into the said Isle of Man that is to lay.

Tot

564

New Duties.

The aforesaid ^Duties to be paid in ready Money without Discount; and to be collected and and recovered in like Manner as former Duties.

How to be applied.

After july 5, 1783, a Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of Tea to the isle of Man.

In what Cases the said Drawback shall not be allowed.

After July <, 17S0, there may be exported to the Poit of TDouglj*, from England, yeai Iv, '50,000 Gallons of British Spirits, and 30,coo Gal-ions of Rum j

and io, cooGal-fbns of Rum from Scotland.

Nol icences for expoittnp Goods to fcc granted by virtu- of the rr-

ci'cd At), until £Lntry has been jtiaie ot all f ch

Goods, e x pnIf-ing toe Qu m.ity and v, the

hJ.r.ir of the

JS. l &i' m (

C. 42. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

For every Pound Weight of Rohea Tea imported from England, six Pence:

For every Pound Weight of Green Tea imported from England, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of Coffee imported from England, four Pence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted, shall be paid down in ready Money without any Discount or Allowance, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, under the Authority and Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, in like Manner and Form, and by the same Rules, Regulations, and under such Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things not hereby altered, as the former Duties payable upon such Goods were raised^ levied, collected, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same) the said Rates and Duties shall from Time to Time be brought and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue; and such Part thereof as shall remain after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said Isle of Man, and the Administration of Justice there, are from Time to Time defrayed, shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

IV. And whereas it may tend tQ encourage and promote, the lawful Importation of Tea into the faM 4 Island from Great Britain, and also to prevent the clandestine and illicit Trade therein which hath been < lately carried on there, if a Drawback of the Customs paid in Great Britain was allowed upon the Exportation of Tea from thence to the said Island;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Tea which {nail be exported from this Kingdom asMerrfiandife to the Isle of Man, in such Quantity respectively limited, and under the same Regulations in all RefpidU us are prescribed in end by the herein-before recited Act made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign| the several Duties of Customs which were paid upon the Importation-of such Tea; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made to such Exporter in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Secu^ rities. Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as are allowed and prescribed for such Goods respectivelyi when exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback allowed by this Act shall not be allowed for any Tea which shall not be exported1 directly from the Ware-f house or Warehouses wherein the same shall be lodged, pursuant to the Directions of all of any of the several Acts now in Force for that Purpose.

VI. And whereas the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England are authorised, in and by the said recited Act, to grant Licence to any of his Majesty's Subjects to export from any Port of England into the Port of Douglas in the said Isle of Man% any Quantity of Spirits, not exceeding in the Whole fifty thousand Gallons of British distilled Spirits, and thirty thousand Gallons of Rum of the Produce of the British Plantations, in one Year: And whereas only a very small Part of the said Allowance of

fifty thousand Gallons of British distilled Spirits bath of later been imported into the said Island, and the Allowance of thirty thousand Gallons of Rum, of the Produce of the British Plantations, is become in- sufficient for the Consumption of the said Island, by reason of the late Increase of Population, and of the Herring Fishery ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, instead of the Quantities of Spirits and Rum in the said Act mentioned, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain respectively, or any three of them, shall and may grant Licence, without Fee or Reward (to continue in Force for the Term of thirty Days), to any of his Majesty's Subjects to export from any Port of England, into the Port of Dotiglas in the Isle of Jllan, but to no other, in British Ships navigated according to Law, any Quantity of British distilled Spiiits not exceeding in the Whole forty thousand Gallons, and thirty thousand Gallons of Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations; and from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thousand Gallons of such Rum, in one Year, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations in all Respects, as if the said last mentioned Quantity had been originally limited and prescribed in and by the said Act, instead of the Quantity therein mentioned; and the Certificate directed by the said Act to be transmit[^t]ed to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, shall, with respect to the Quantity of Rum exported from Scot sand, be transmitted in like Manner to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And, for the better Prevention of Abuses, under Colour of the Licences granted by virtue of the said recited Act to export the Goods therein mentioned from any Port of England into, the Port of Douglas in the Isle of Manj be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said such Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no such Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to export any of the Goods therein mentioned to the said Isle of Man, and no such Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons to export such Rum from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in pursuance of this Act, before such Person or Persons shall have made n true Entry of all such Goods in Writing with the Collector and Comptroller of the Port from whence such Goods are intended to be exported, expressing the Quantity and Quality thereof, with the Times of the paying or securing his Majesty's Duties inwards for the same, and also of the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and of the Master or Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, in which the said Goods are intended to be exported; of which Entry a Copy, attested by the said Collector and Comptroller, beirc

5^5

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 42.

produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, then, and not before, they, or any three of them respectively, shall and may grant such Licence for the Exportation thereof, as in the said recited Act mentioned, which fuid Licence shall continue in Force for the Term of Licence to con-thirty Days onty from the Date thereof, and no longer; and in case no Exportation shall be made pur- Forc®

suant to such Licence, the same shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing in the said or 30 iysony* ricited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Recital of an An Act for more rjfcrtnaHy preventing the Mischief arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and A<^ 5 Geo. III.

Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the I fie of Man, it is (among# other Thing?)

enacted, That no Wine should be imported into the said Bland in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than one hundred 'Eons, upon Forfeiture of all such Goods, together with me Ship or Vtil'd, and all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, to be fuzed and proLcuted as therein-aher is directed: And whereas great H.irdfiiip is thereby laid on VtiLls of a less Burthen, trading in Herrings to Madeira and the Mediterrenean, where they are frequently unable to make Returns otherwise tmn in the Wine or Produce of the Country \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth After Jo-y Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, it shall and may be lawful for such Ships or Vessels 178c, H;rrHg as aforesaid, not being of less Burthen than seventy Tons, to import into the Lid Bland any Wine [f tench Vesselstucing Wine or any Wine from France excepted) 5 and in case any Wine shall be imported into the said Bland in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than as aforesaid, or in any Vessel or CLk that shall contain less than then° twenty five Gallons, or in any other Manner contrary to the said recited Act, except as altered by this port any Wine present Act, the several Penal’ie? and Forfeitures therein inflicted shall and may be recovered, levied, (except French) seized, and presented, in such Manner as the same could or might have been by virtue of the said Act; intotlwlfleof any 'I him* therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Man*

IX. And, for the more effectually preventing irregular, clandestine, and fraudulent Exportation from No Goods to be the said Ijh of Alan,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth ^0lpp^f0,°fr* Dav of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever Jh^Ifleof mTh (fresh or unfiilted Fish exempted) shall be shipped or laden on Board any Ship or Vessel, in order to be ex- without a proper ported from the said Isle of Man, to any Place whatsoever, before a Warrant is granted for that Purpose Warrant, &c. by the Collector or other principal Officer of the Port where the said Goods are shipped or laden, or be- on Forfeiture of fore such Security is given as by Law is or may be required, on Forfeiture of all such Goods, or the Value all such Cocd‘* thereof; and all Mailers, or other Persons having Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel, wherein any Goods shall be shipped in order to be exported, shall conform to such Rules and Regulations, and be subject to such Forfeitures and Penalties, in all Respects, as are prescribed and inflicted by any Act of

Parliament now in Force with respect to the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain.

X. And whereas by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[Recital of 5 Geo. 4

intituled, An Act for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt III. Cap. 43.

Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Istand^ under certain Restrictions and Regulations,

it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man shall and may import directly from thence into any lawful Port of Great Britain, Bcftials, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchanthfes, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Isle of Man (except such as are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom), without paying any Customs, Subsidies, or Duties, for or

in respect thereof (except such Excise or other Duty as was then or should thereafter become due and payable for the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain), provided the Master, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel so import- ing the same, shall bring with him a Certificate or Certificates from the Governor, Lieutenant-governor,

Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrates for the Time being, that Oath hath been made before him

or them, in the Presence of the Officers of the Customs for the Port or Place where such Bcftials or Goods shall be put on Board, that the same are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Isle of Man; which Certificate or Certificates shall also be attested by the said Officer of the Customs, and shall express the Number and Tale of such Bcftials, with the Marks and Weight of the Species of Goods in each Bale or Parcel mentioned in the Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Exporters from the Isle of Man, and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons as shall have sworn the Bestials, or Goods therein mentioned, to be of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Isle of Man, and where and to whom corsigned in Great Britain: And whereas such Bcftials or other Goods are exported from the said lfe of Arlan to Great Britain from Parts of the said Bland so distant and remote from the Place of Rest- deuce of the Governor, Lieutenant-governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrates for the Time being, that the Exporters of such Goods cannot, without great Inconvenience and Expence, make the Proof and obtain the Certificate required by the said recited Act; now, for Remedy thereof,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand {hearth seven hundred and eighty, the said Oath required by the said recited Act to be taken before the Governor, ^emioned in the Lieutenant-governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrates for the Time being, shall and may be recited Act mav administered by the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Revenue at the Port or Place beaiminift red in the Lid Isle of Man, where such Bestials or other Goods shall be shipped or loaden, who is and are fythe Collector, hereby respectively authorised and required to administer the same, and to grant a Certificate thereof, in &c*at the Port the Form and to the Fflcdl required by the said recited Act, under his Hand and Seal of Office; any Thing <xPortAtlcn* in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Penalty on Of-

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thn in case any Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of the Revenue, shall make or grant a Life Certificate or other Dispatch,

566 C. 43, 44. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

contrary to the true Intent of this Act, every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, or Plaint, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lyeflmin/Ur; one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue as shall sue or inform for the same; and the Officer granting such false Certificate or other Dispatch shall also be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Branch of the public Re-Persons counter- venue; and any Person who shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such Certificate, or knowingly or wil-fcitingCcrt.fi lingly make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, raf'ed, altered or falsified, shall forfeit the Sum of

fei* 100*1l° F" one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner aforesaid.

XII. And, for the further Encouragement to the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, to carry on the

178c, Tor Her. Herring Fishery on the Coasts thereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

linjl*caught on and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be drawn back

the Coaiis of the and allowed for any White or Red Herrings, caught upon the Coasts of the said Island and cured there. Me of Man, and and imported into any Port of Great Britain, and exported from thence as Merchandise to foreign Parts, Smarted *in! *nd w ^e Duties paid or payable upon the Importation of such Herrings; which Drawback or Allowance i^reat Britain0, shall be made by the Officer appointed to collect the Duties upon Salt, in the Port from whence any such and from »hence Herrings shall be exported, within thirty Days after Demand thereof, upon a Debenture, to be prepared expo.ied to so- by the Collector of the Customs where such Herrings shall be entered out for Exportation, and verified »eignPitts, there by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Herrings actually a Dr aw bi!c kuf dipped, and that the same were good and merchantable; and the White Herrings in Barrels containing all the import thirty-two Gallons each, or in Half Barrels of sixteen Gallons each, and full packed; and the Red

Duties. Herrings in Calks, on which shall be marked the Number of Herrings in each Calk, for the better af-

Oathtobe taken certaining of the Quantity exported; and that the Oath of the‘Exporter or Agent be first taken before b> *he Exporter, the principal Officers of the said Port before the Debenture be allowed (who are hereby required and impowered to administer the same), that the Herrings in such Debenture mentioned were really caught on the Coasts of the Isle of Man> and cured there, and that the Duty of the same was actually paid upon the Importation thereof, specifying the Vessel and Mailer’s Name in which the Herrings were imported, and at what Port, and that they are really and truly exported to or for Parts beyond the Seas, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in Great Britain; and in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such Debenture shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, then, upon Certificate thereof by him made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the Party gratis), the principal Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Revenues of Excise upon Salt for the Time being shall be chargeable with the said Payment, to be made in Course out of the first Money in their Hands arising out of the Duties upon Salt Officers of the either in England or Scotland, as the Case may happen; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Officers

marjMhcBarreli Uutlcs on Salt* *n several and respective Ports of the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon the

whlrein^he"6' Exportation of any such Herrings, and before the same shall be laid on Board for Exportation, to mark Herrings shall be the Barrel wherein such Herrings shall be exported, to the Intent it may be known that such Herrings have exported. been exported, and Allowances obtained upon Exportation thereof, in case the same, or any Part thereof.

Herringsfraudu- shall be relanded or reimported; and that in case any such Herrings shall (after the same shall be exported) Jently reijndedto be fraudulently relanded or reimported into Great Britain, all the said Herrings so relanded or reimported be f irfertej, and ^ass forfe|ted and loft, and Double the Value thereof to be recovered of the Importer, Proprietor, or lye? *1 C Master of the Vessel in which they shall be reimported; and that no Allowance shall be paid out of the said Duties on Salt for or on Account of the Exportation of any White or Red Herrings that shall not be well cured, or shall be unmerchantable; nor shall any Drawback or Allowance be made for any such White Herrings shipped to be exported, that shall not have been imported from the Ife of Alan in Barrels containing thirty-two Gallons, or Half Barrels containing sixteen Gallons each.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty. 1,500,000l.

lhcamblei

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia \ and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing in and Inrolment of Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cases where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being, relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively, to declare valid and effectual the Commissions granted by Deputy Lieutenants, in the Absence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, to Officers commanding Volunteer Companies; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants and Officers who have granted, or acted under, such Commissions; and to enlarge the Powers of Deputy Lieutenants in certain Cases.

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

augmenting the Militia, Volunteer Companies have been raised and annexed to the Militia of several Counties within this Kingdom: And whereas the Periods of Service intended for such Companies ‘ were not sufficiently ascertained in the said Act, in Consequence whereof, the Men enlisted in several of the

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 44.

c the said Companies have been enlisted for different Periods of Service than were intended by such Act; 4 for bntcr Security to Persons who have enlisted themselves therein, and for greater Certainty for the future/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who have enlisted themselves in any Volunteer Company raised in pursuance of the said Act, for the Term of three Years unless sooner discharged, or for the Term of three Years, or as Private Soldiers therein without any Time expressed, shall be entitled to their Discharge at the Expiration of three Years from the Time of their Inrolment, or at such Time within the said three Years as the Militia shall be disembodied, or at such earlier Period as his Majesty shall tnink fit to reduce the Volunteer Companies.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Persons as shall have enlisted themselves in any Volunteer Company of Militia, raised in pursuance of the said Act, to serve in the same for three Years, or during the War, or to serve during the present War, or to serve according to the Provisions of the said Act off the last Session of Parliament, shall not be entitled to their Discharge till the Militia shall be disembodied, or till such earlier Period as his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the Volunteer Companies.

Militia shall be

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Persons that shall, after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, enlist themselves in Companies raised or to be raised in pursuance of the said Act, shall be enlisted to serve till such Time as the Militia shall be disembodied, or till such earlier Period as his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the Volunteer Companies, and for no other Period whatsoever.

be enlisted after

IV. And whereas several Persons have been engaged to serve as Militia Men, Substitutes, and Vo- lunteers, in several Militia Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies, out of the Counties to which such Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies, respectively belong, and not being Na- tives of the same, and have been sworn in and inrolled by Deputy Lieutenants acting out of their respective Counties, or by the Chief Magistrate or Justices of the Peace not of such Counties to which such Corps of Militia belong: And whereas the several Provisions of the Militia Laws respecting the engaging, swearing in, and inrolling, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, have not in such Cases been observed / be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the engaging, swearing in, and inrolling of all such Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, previous to the fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be valid and effectual, as if the several Provisions relating thereto had been observed; and that all such Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, shall be deemed Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the said Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, Officers, and Non-commissioned Officers of Militia, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified for such their Proceedings therein respectively.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the Jtveral Laws now in being relating to the raising and training the Militia^ within that Part of Great Britain called England; certain Powers are given to Deputy Lieutenants in the Absence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, which Powers in certain Cases have been found to be inefficient;’ be it further enacted, That the several Powers granted to Lieutenants of Counties by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men dire die a to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned; so far as relates to the appointing Officers to command certain Volunteer Companies authorised by the said Act, and also the several Powers granted to, and the several Acts required from, Lieutenants of Counties, by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relating to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Alen in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; so far as respect the Qualifications, Removal, or Appointment of Officers in certain Cases therein mentioned; and also the several Powers granted to Lieutenants of Counties, by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia, shall, during the Absence of the Lieutenants of any County out of this Kingdom, be executed by, and are hereby required from, such Deputy Lieutenants as now are, or hereafter shall be, appointed in pursuance of the Ad first above-mentioned.

VI. And whereas Commissions have been granted, by Deputy Lieutenants so appointed, to Officers to command Volunteer Companies, and Doubts may arise whether the Powers of such Deputy Lieutenants extend thereto/ be it further enacted, That such Commissions, granted to Officers properly qualified according to the Militia Laws, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, valid and effectual; and the said Deputy Lieutenants and Officers are hereby respectively indemnified for issuing or acting under such Commissions.

S67

When Miliri* Men, in thr Volunteer Companies, shall be entitled to their Discharge.

Mili'ia Men enlisted to serve during the War, &c. not entitled to 'heir Dif-ch?.rge till the disembodied, &(

Limitation of the Time rf S?r-*.cr of all Mi i-tia Men in Vo lunteer Compa-nirs, who shall July I, 1780.

Preamble; reciting that Deputy Lieutenant*, Uc, have sworn in and inrolled several Militia Men contrary to*' some Provisions of Militia Laws $ All such swearing in and inrolling previous to May 15, 1780, deemed valid: and the said Deputy Lieutenants, Scc, indemnified.

Several Powers granted to Lieutenants of Counties by the following Act,

18 Geo. III.

C'P. 591

79 Geo. III. Cap. 72. and 19 Geo. III. Cap. 7S; shall, during the Absence of loch Lieutenants out of the Kingdom, be executed by Deputy Lieutenants.

Commissions granted by Deputy Lieutenants deemed valid and such Deputy Lieutenants and Officers indemnified.

568 C. 45.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

CAP. XLV.

[Preamble.]

P eciul of the Navigation Act \z Car. II.

An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to, be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British or Foreign Vessels from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Dwty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigations all Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of Africa, Asia, or An>e'icay or any Part thereof, are to be imported and brought into the Kingdom of England, Irelands or Wales, the Islands of Guerney and Jersey's or Town of Berwick upon Tweeds in English-built Shipping, or other Shipping belonging to some of the aforesaid Places, whereof the Matter, and three-fourths of the Mi- riners at lead, are Englishs and are not to be shipped and brought from any other Place or Places,

Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are, or usually have been shipped for Transportation, and from none other Places or Countries, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Ship and Goods, excepting in some particular Cases provided by the said Act: And whereas, by the said in Part recited Act, it is also enacted, That no Goods or_Commodities of the Growth, Production, or M.i-

:he Great Duke or no foreign

i^3j i lutiu, vjiive Una j mi ouu ui vA.rn or Grain, Sugar, Pot-ashes, Wines, Vinegar, or Spirits called Aqua VitiVs or Brandy III. c, drill be imported into Englands Irelands ITaleSs or Town of Berwick upon Tweeds in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, but in such as do truly, and without Fraud, belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Matter, and three-fourths of the Mariners 2t Icatt, arzEngiish's and that no Currants, or Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Mmufacture, of any of the Countries, Ittands, Dominions, or Territories, to the Ottoman or Turk]fa Empire belonging, shall be imported into any of the fore-mentioned Places, in any Ship or Vessel but which is of English-built,

and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, or mott usually are, ttrtt shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Matter, and three-fourths of the Mariners at lead, are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods: And whereas several of the Articles in the said Act, and herein-before particularly enumerated, being the Growth or Production of some of the Places or Countries within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, cann«t be now imported

Auer J in I, 17^0, any Person free of the Turkey Company m »v import in:o Great Britain or Ireland any Goods ulu-*1 y

from rrrkey, t:c. either ui fcntiHi Shu»r, or Sii:ps be I inking to any St itc in An itv well his M v.

V/i. \{ D itiei &-U he p'lj for Go vis to iiu-ro.tfci.

No F otry to pass t t j 17 G r' is the* Gr r.vih of 'I ink y, c. u ml the Im-

for the Encouragement of Trade and the Increase of the public Revenue, to permit, for a limited Time, under certain Redactions, various Articles of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of Turkey or Egypt, and other Goods and Commodities which are enumerated in the before recited Act, which are of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of Places or Countries within the Streights or Levant Seas, to be imported into this Kingdom, or the Kingdom of Irelands in foreign Vessels, although such Goods are not shipped and brought directly from the Place or Country of their Growth, Produc- tion, or Manufacture, or from the Ports or Places from whence such Goods are, or usually have been, fix(1 shipped for Transportation: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 2nd be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the first Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into, and made free of, the Company ot Merchants of England’'trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey C v.-panys to import into Great Britain or Ireland any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore ufuaby been import'd from Turkey or Egypt* or from any lace within the Dominions o* the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in, or belonging to Great Britain or Irelands navigated according to Law; or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity uith his Majesty, his Heirs or Successor*, navigated by foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the same Duties if imported into Great i>V/W//, as the like Goods uvuld be ftihjcft and liable to it imported in British Ships directly from the Place of their Growth, Picduciion, or Manufacture; but if such G >ods shall be imported in any foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then, and in such Case, the G^ods so imported shall be subject to the Aliens Duties, if such Goods would have o en subject and liable thereto :f this Act had not been made; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts ct Pa; lumen:, to the contrary no:whhttanding.

lb Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Entry flul he fettered to pass at the Custom-house for any such Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt) or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as before the passing of this Act 5

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 46. 569

might be imported only from such Ports or Phres in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, and which, by the Authority of this Act, are permitted to be unported in Manner aforesaid, until the Person importing or enreiing the fatr.e shall produce to the Collector or other proper Olftcer of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and has conformed in all Respects to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, any Goods or Commodities whir l) have been heretofore utuolly imported from any Port or Place in Europe, within the Streights of Givi altar, except f.ch Goods or Commodities as might heretofore be imported only from such Ports or Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Add, be imported and brought, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, into Great Britain or Ireland from any Port or Place wlut-soever, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State rn Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated wMi foreign Mariners; upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported into Great Britain, as the like Goods would be subjrci and )i :bkr to if imported directly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or AH nu fa choc, ex*.epi Drugs, which, if imported by any Person or Persons not free of the Turkey Company, H all be liable to the like Duties as they would have been liable to, if not imported directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Add had not been made; and if any such Goods shall be impoited in any foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Aliens Duties, if such Goods would have been subject and liable thereto by Law it this Act had not been nude; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to

porter /Trail pro-tU.ce a C?rtiticjfe of his being free ofihe Turkey Company, &c.

After Jan. I, 1780, Goodi u:ually imported from tlw Mediterranean may b: imported in Hri’iHi Shi} s, or Ships Uebpg;ng to any StJ'e in Amity with his Majesty.

What Duties shall be paul lor such Goods.

the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Prov d d n:venht Ids, rnd it h hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and AllCottonand upon all Cotton and Cotton Wool, which shall be imported into this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, c*ll°dn

in -any foreign Ship or Vessel, or which hath been so imported since the fir(t Dav of January, one thousand ^1780/in ro-# seven hundred and eighty, and is now remaining in any Wart-house in this Kingdom under the King’s reign voids, to Locks, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his AKjesty, his Heirs and Successors, a pay a Duty of Duty of one Penny Farthing for every Pound Weight of such Cotton or Cotton Wool* which shall be *d- Per paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever; and shall be also subject and alsothead-and liable to an additional, Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner as the addi- d.uonal Duty of tior.al Duty of five Pounds pev-Contuni is granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the last Session of Par- 5 per Cent, li ament, intituled, Jin All for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties agreeable to under the Management of the r effective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain. 25»

V. And it is hereby further enacted by me Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties herein- e ‘°n’ before granted shall be repaid or draw’ll back upon the Re-exportation of the Hid Cotton or Cotton Wool; No and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, colicdled, recovered, and pod, in such Manner and Form, and

by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duty of Cuiloms, com- pemtion of Con monly called The Old Sulfidy* is raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is subject or ton or Cotton liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force (except v.’here any Alteration is made by this Wool.

Add), as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several CLufes, Powers, and Provisions in such Acts had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Add; and the said Duties Duties to be paii herein-before granted shall from Tune to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, into 'h* Elche" distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and shall be so kept apart in the said quer* &c* Receipt of Exchequer as a Fund (or me Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in his Majesty's Lee- *jow to be ap-ward Klines, and for encouraging the Importation, thereof into Great Britain^ in such Way and Manner p as Parliament shall hereafter direct.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Add shall continue and re- Continuance of

main in lull Force until the first Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, this a it.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, from Great Britain, to certain Towns, Ports or Places, in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of his Majesty's Arms*, and from such Towns, Ports or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts or his Majesty's Dominions.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the sixteen'.h Year of the Reign of his present preamtl?.

Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Inter aurfe with the Colonies of New IHmp- 16 Geo. III.

shire, Mdi. chuleA hay, Rh off; Bland, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pemylvania, the Three. c p. 5, reuted*

Looter Cor nil es on Dc aware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina. South Carolina, and' Georgia, during tie Continuance cj the present KtheUion within the said Colonies reffectively; for repealing an Act made in ihe

few tec nth 2 car of the Rugn of Ids present Majesty, 44 to discontinue the landing and dJf larging, lading or *' flipping of Goods, I'/arcs, and IUtnhandijey at the Town and 'Within the ITarb^ur of bull in, in the Pro-14 vmce of MdHch'jfet’s ILy / aid ajo Two Arts, made ni the laji Srfr.n of Parliament^ f r refraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies tu the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons

appointed and author fed by his AEjesty to grant Pardons, to ifjue Proclamations, in tie Cases and for the Pur- pops therein mentioned, it was, among other Things, declared and enacted, That all Manner of Tra.!e

and

57°

C. ^6i

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Ireland to any Town in America, which one of the Secretaries of State shall certify to be under and Commerce was and should be prohibited with the said Colonies; and that all Ships or Vessels of or c belonging to the said Colonies, together with their Cargo, Apparel, and Furniture, and all other Ships or vessels whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, which should be found trading in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading, in any such Port or Place, should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the Ships and £ffe£h of open Enemies, and should be so adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all Courts of Admiralty, and in all other Courts whatsoever: And whereas it may be expedient for the present to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, from Great Britain and Ireland, to certain Towns, Ports and Places, within the said Colonies, being under the Protection of his Majesty's Arms, and from those Towns, Ports or Places, to Great Britain, Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, under such Limitations, Restrictions, and Regulations, as to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces,

or other Commanding Officer in such Ports, Towns, or Places respectively, shall seem necessary: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-, After April 15, lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, be ex/trd S|rom *n ^is present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fif-Great Britain°or teenrb Day of Aprils in the Year of our. Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, it shall have been and shall be lawful to carry from Great Britain or Ireland, to any Town, Port or Place, within the said Colonies, which one of Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, and to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland respectively, to have been, on the said fifteenth Day of April, or in future to be under the Protection of his Majesty's Arms, Provisions, and other Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, in any Ship or Vessel which, before the passing of the Protection of the Act above recited, might lawfully have traded to his Majesty's Plantations, the same having been or his Majesty's being duly cleared out for that Purpose, and the Quantity and Quality of the Provisions, Goods, Wares, Arm*. and Merchandises, on Board the same, having been or being particularly specified in such Clearances, 2nd Bond to be given a gon(j having been or being first given by the Master of such Ship or Vessel, with two sufficient Sureties, the Vesselex-° in two thousand five hundred Pounds, if the said Vessel be under one hundred Tons, or five thousand poking the i*me. Pounds if above, to the Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs in the Port from which such Ship or Vessel shall have departed or shall depart, for their proceeding directly to, and delivering such Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandifts, at such Port, Town, or Place of Destination, for which such Cargo shall have been entered and declared at the Time of the Clearance thereof, and for producing such Certificate of the Delivery of the said Cargo as is herein after mentioned, within eighteen Months, to the said Collector or Principal Officer to whom such Bond shall have been given, the said Ship or Vessel also carrying a Cerificate, under the Hand and Seal of the said Officer, of such Bond having been given, which Certificate such Officer is hereby required to sign and seal accordingly; and no such Ship or Vessd, or the Cargo, Apparel, or Furniture thereof, shall become forfeited to his Majesty, or shall be so deemed, adjudged, or taken, in any Court of Admiralty, or other Court whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Naval Officer or other Officer, appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose, by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces in America, or in his Absence by the Commanding Officer of his Majesty's Troops at the Port, Town, or Place, which shall have been certified, in Manner aforesaid, to be under the Piote&ion of his Majesty's Arms, shall, forthwith after the landing of the said Privisions, Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, at the Port, Town, or Place, for which the same shall have been declared at the Time of the Clearance, give and deliver a Certificate or Certificates, under his Hand and Seal, to the Owner or to the Master or Commander of every such Vessel, of such Goods being landed accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this Act, to carry Provisions, Goods, Wares, of Merchandise, being the Produce or Manufacture of America, or Prize Goods, from such Town, Port, or Place, wMiin any of the said Colonies, which shall have been certified as aforesaid to be under the Protection of his Majesty's Arms, to any Port or Place in Great Britain, Ireland, Newfoundland, Halifax, Quebec, East Florida, West. Florida, Georgia, or the British Hell India lilands, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, being duly entered, declared, and cleared out, with such Naval Officer or other Officer as aforesaid; and the Quantity and Quality of the Provisions, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Prize Goods, on Board the same, being particularly specified in such Clearances, and a Bond being first given, to the Naval Officer or other Officer as aforesaid, by the Master of such Ship or Vessel, with one sufficient Surety, in one thousand Pounds if the said Vessel be under one hundred Tons, or two thousand Pounds if above, for such Ship or Vessel proceeding directly to, and delivering such Provisions, Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and Prize Goods, at the Place of Destination for which the same shall have been declared at the Time of the Clearance; the said Ship or Vessel also carrying on Board a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of such Officer, of such P)ond having been given, which Certificate such Officer is hereby required to sign and seal; and no such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo, Apparel, or Furniture thereof, shall become forfeited to his Majesty, or shall be so deemed, adjudged or taken, in any Court of Admiralty or other Court whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces in America, or the Commanding Officer of the Troops at such Town, Port, or Place, as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and required to appoint such Naval or other Officer as aforesaid, for the Puip-. fes before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Naval Officer or other Officer, appointed or to be ap-poinrui as albref.id, shall have full Power and Authority, and he is hereby required to take such further Bonds, and upon Demand to grant such Registers and Clearances and Certificates to the Owner, or to

3 the

The Naval Officer or other Officer, appointed ly the Commander of his Majesty's Forces in America, &c. shall, on the landing any Goods there, deliver a Certificate thereof.

Goodi the Produce of America, 4>r Prize Good?, ir.oy be exported fr- m any Inch Town certifie I as aforesaid, to Gie.it Critain, Ireland, Newfoundland, & c.

Bond to be given by the M.tfter of tin* Veth exporting the lame.

Commander in Chief in A;ric-rica, Jce. 'eejuired to ac-Mfint f.u h < uTu ers as alhre-faic1,

Po ver? vefi?d in such 0;fi;urs,

57l

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 47, 48.

the Master or Commander of every such Vessel, as by any Law now in being may be requisite to such Vessel or Cargo, which shall be as valid and tft'eftual as those taken or granted in the like Cases by his Majesty's Governors, and by the Ofhcers of his Majesty's Customs in America.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Importation and Exportation as aforesaid of the above-mentioned Provisions, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Prize Goods, into or out of any such Town, Tort, or Place, shall be futjeft to such Limitations, Re-ftfiftions, and Regulations, as may have been, or shall be established by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces in America, or by the Commanding Officer of his Majesty's Troops in such Port, Town, or Place.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said recited Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall continue in full Force and Erfcft to all Intents, and in all Rei'pests, except so far as the same is hereby varied in favour of Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, proceeding according to the Terms of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall continue in Force to the first Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eigluy-one, and no longer.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and wherever the Civil Government shall be restored, by putting any Province, Colony, or Plantation, or any Port or Place, County, Town, or District, at the King’s Peace, this Act shall cease and determine in such Province, Colony, or Plantation, Port or Place, County, Town, or District.

‘ X. And whereas, before the passing of this Act, divers Persons, Vessels, Cargoes, and other Eff’edls, may have been seized, detained, damaged, or destroyed, in pursuance of Orders, Regulations, Restrictions, and Limitations heretofore flued and establishid by the Commanders in Chief of his Majesty's Forces in North America,* or by Per suns acting under their Authority, for the public Service, and for sup- pressing the Rebellion in North America be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Acts, Matters, and Things, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be legal, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; and that all Actions and Suits, Indictments, and Informations, which have been, or shall be commenced or prosecuted, and all Molestations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, and Judgments thereupon, if any be, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, with respect to such Orders and Regulations, by ths said Commandeis in Chief, or by any Person acting under their Authority, shall be discharged and made void; and that every Person, by whom any such Ad, Matter, or Thing, shall have been so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified* as well against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons; and the Court, in which any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, shall or may be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defendant or Defendants the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity above provided, in a summary Way, upon Application to the said Court, and shall make such Order between the Parties, with respect to the Colls of the Suit or Proceeding, as to the said Court shall seem just.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

o

[Preamble.]

4< Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. I, Act 13 Car. II, 44 Act *5 Car. II, Act 30 Car. II, Act 8 Geo. I, Act 9 Geo. II, Act 18 Geo. II, and Act 6 Geo. III. before the passing of this Act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 25, 1780, qualify themselves, shall be indem- nified against Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1780, shall be con-41 firmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, tsfe. may enjoy all Office* into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by reason of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment. Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term 1780, are indemnified and discharged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General Issue."

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the High Street or Road, called GoswelUstreet, leading from Aldersgate-bars, without Aldersgate, London, to the House of Woodhouse Coker Gentleman* near the Turnpike at the End of the said Street or Road, in the County of Middlesex; and also Bull-yard, Glasshouse-yard, the North Side of Fans-alley, Mount-mill, and TVi How-court, contiguous to the said Street or Road, on the East and West Sides thereof; and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

The Importation and Exportation of Goods as aforesaid shall be subject to the Regulations of the Commander in Chief, &c. The recited Act 16 Geo. III. to continue in Force, except as hereby altered. Continuance of this Act.

This Act to cesfe in any Province, See here the i-vil Government shall be re/lured# Commanders in Chief in America, and all Persont aft ng under them, indemnified for all Acts done by them in suppressing the Rebellion there*

57 2

C.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's Dock, Ships,' and Stores, at Chatham.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by reason of the hostile Intentions of the Courts of France and Spain to invade these Realms, and of the great Preparations made in the said Kingdoms for that Purpose, it is become ablbluttly necelhiry, for the present and future Protection and Security, as well of his Majesty's Dock, Ships of War, and Stores, at Chatham, as of the Town tif Chatham, to ere ft and raise additions! Fortifications and Intrenchments: And whereas the Lands herein after mentioned, lying rear the Kid Dock and Town of Chatham, are wanted for the Purpose of being made use of to crest and raile such Fortifications and Intrenchments: And whereas many of the Owners and Proprietors of the Land*, Tenements, and Hereditaments, necessary to be purchif.d, may infill on large and extravagant Demands for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for the Damage and Injury they may pretend that they shall sustain by reason of such Fortifications and Intrenchments: And whereas many Persons may pretend to claim or have Title to the same Lands, Tenement?, or Hcudir..mcms, so that it may be doubtful to whom a Compensation ought to be made, which cannot be determined without the Aid of Parliament: To the End therefore that the true'and rcalValuecf such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, may he ascertain d, and the actual and renl Owners and Proprietors, may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for any Claim or Right thereto; may it please your Majesty that it may be enable i / and be it enadcJ by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi ll the Advii e and Confer*: of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament alftinbled, and by the Authority of the same.

Certain Pieces of Land, and Tenements thereunto belonging, in the Parishes of Saint Margaret’s and Chatham, in Kent,

That all those Pi fees, Parts of Pieces, or Parcels of Land, containing in the Whole by Estimation fix Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the Parifll's of Saint Margaret's and Chatham, in the County of Kent, or one of them, extending freni a Place called Stat-icre to the Foot of Chatham-hilly and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging dr appeitftning, which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land now or late were the Property of, or in the Tenure or Occupation of, Stevens, _ Sharpy T'omjyn, Francis Bond, the Brethren of

Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital, George Glover,

Ken tifn, Joseph Langley, 'games Be fly and

Whitacre\ and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Estimation Hrcy-five A- res, or thereabout s, be the same more or less, being the Property of Francis IF adman Ehjuire, and all Tenements 2nd Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, situate, lying, 2nd being in the said Pa/iftres of Saint Margarets and Chatham, or in one of them; abutting Noifh on certain Linds belonging to Ain's Buck and Mr. Thomas Baker, Weft on a certain Road leading from Star-lcinc to JlorJIed, and Jvaft on certain Lands belonging to Miss Boghur/l y and also all that Piece or Parcel of waste Ground, abmting'East on the Lands of the said Francis IVadman herein-before described, and Miss Buck, and Weft on a certain Lane leading from Star-lane to Snorditch-bottom, and ail Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining $ and allo all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation foui* Acres and an Half, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of the said Miss Buck, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting North on the prifent Turnpike Road leading from Star-lane to Chatham hill. Welt on the said Lane leading to Snor ditch-bottom, South on Land of the said Francis IVadman, and Ealt on Land of the Kid Thomas Baker \ and also ail those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Estimation nine Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of the said Thomas Baker, situate, lying, and being in the said Parishes of Saint Margaret’s and Chatham, or one of them, abutting South paitly on the said Turnpike Road from Star-lane to Chatham-hill, and paitly on the Lands of Francis JVadn.an Esquire, herein-before described* East on Chatham Chrfl Land, and North on Lands belonging to the Brethren of Saint Bat those men’s Hospital, Master Francis Bond, and others, and ail Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Ellimntion fourteen Acres and an Half, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, Ling the property of Miss Bcghirft, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging, abutting North partly on Chatham Chcfl I, and, and partly on the said Turnpike Road from Sta^-lane to Chatham-hi I, Weft partly on the said Chatham Chcfl Land, and partly on the Lands of Francis IVadman Esquire, herein-before described, and East on another Parcel of the said Chatham Chest Land; and also one ffnt ii Piece or Parcel of I and, being also the Property of the said Miss Boghurst, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto b:longing or appertaining, situate, lying, and being on the North Side of the said Turnpike Road frt m Star-lane to Chatham-h:A, and abutting South on the said Turnpike Road, and North* welt and East upon Part of the said Chatham Chejl Land; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Estimation seventeen Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, belonging to the Chest at Chatham, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, situate, lying, and being to the North and South ot tine said Turnpike Road from Star-lane to Chatham-hid, and abutting partly on the b id Ro*d, and partly on tr*e Lands of the said Miss Boghurst, and Master Thomas Barer, herein-before described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Estimation three Acres, belonging to the Bicthren of Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abjttii g Well partly on other Ground belonging to the said Brethren, and partly on the Lands of the Lid Thomas JKLr herein-before described, and on the Town Gardens, South on Lands of the said Thomas Baker before oc-feribed, Ejft on Part of the Chatham Chcfl Land herein-before described, and North on other Town Gardens; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Estimation eight Acres, or thereabouts,

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 49.

be the same more or less, being City Land, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, one Parcel thereof abutting North on the Turnpike Road from Star-lane to Chatham aforesaid, East on the Lands of Whitacre Esquire, and West on other City Lands; and

other Parcel thereof abutting South on the said Turnpike Road, North on a certain Lane parting the same from the Lands bf James Beji Efauire^ East on the Lands of Dash Rhodes Esquire, and Weft on Part Of Chatham Chejl Land herein-before described; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Estimation twenty Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, belonging to the Paid fvhitaere9 and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, one Parcel thereof abutting North and Weft on Part of the City Lands herein before described, and Ee/I on a certain Road leading from the said Turnpike Road to Maidstone, and other Parcel thereof abutting North on the said Turnpike Road, East oir Lands belonging to Bryant, and Weft on the said Road leading to>

Maidstone\ and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Estimation Half an Acre, or thereabouts, belonging to the said Dash Rhodes, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging Or appertaining, abutting South on the said Turnpike Road from Star-lane to Chatham-hill, Weft on City Lands herein-before described, and East and North on a certain Lane parting the same from the Lands of James Bejl Esquire; and also all that Piece or Parcel of L^nd, containing by Estimation eight Acres and an Half, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, flow or late the Property of the said James Bejl, and all Tenements and Hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting South on a certain Lane parting the same from the City Land and Land of the said Dash Rhodes before described. Weft on Parcel of the said Chatham Chejl Land, North on other Lapds of the said James Bejl, and East on a certain Lane called Room Lane\ and also a Piece, Part of a Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Estimation Half an Acre, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, extending from South to North through a certain Piece of City Land which abuts South on the said Turnpike Road, Weft on Room Laney and North and East on a Lane dividing the same from the Lands of the said James Bejl, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the said Piece, Part, or Parcel of Land belonging or appertaining; and also all those Tenements, Messuages, and Buildings, belonging to the Three iioffeJhoes9 and all Ways, Paths, and Passages, Advantages and Appurtenances, to all and every the said several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, herein-before mentioned and described, belonging, or in any wise appertaining, or heretofore held, used, occupied, or enjoyed therewith, or with any Part thereof, shall be, and they are hereby vested and settled, and declared and taken to be in the actual and real Possession, and Seisin of the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Norton Speaker of the House of Commons, the Honourable Charles Marsham, and Thomas Knight junior Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust nevertheless for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as, at or immediately before the Time of making this Act, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their several Estates and Interests therein, at thfe same Time, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, or Post’efllon thereof taken by the Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority, which they are hereby impowered to do whenever it shall be found necessary for his Majesty's Service; and the several Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one Year, for the gross Sum that shall be assessed for the true and real Value thereof, in Manner and Form as is herein after mentioned and expressed, shall be paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction shall be made out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament, for and in respect of the said L°m^nfatl0£ Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before mentioned, to all and every Person and persons. Bodies

Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil. of Tn«tP,rfi.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better ascertaining the several amentary Aid*. Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and their respective Titles His Majesty im* and Claims thereto, it shall and may, be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more Commission or* powered, by Let-, Commissions by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorise and appoint any Num- teM UQ*. ber of Persons to be Commissioners to hear and determine all Titles and Claims that shall or may be Seal to *oint^ made to the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof; which Com- Commissioner* missioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, and shall to determine and may in a summary Manner proceed, aft, and determine, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses claims to the upon Oath (which Oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), In- f4ld Lands» *c* speftion, and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records; or, if requested by the Parties interested. How they «re 1* by the Inquest of twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn in Manner herein-afeer men- ProC€Cd« tioned and directed, or by all or any of the said Ways, or otherwise, according to their Discretion, all and'

all Manner of Rights, Estates, and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates, and Questions, which shall happen and arise between any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the P/emifes, or any Part thereof; and shall have Power to fend for any Person or Persons, and oblige them to produce their Deeds or Writings upon Oath relating to any of the same Premises, and shall and may, by Agreement with the respective Person or Persons that shall be determined to be the 4

Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the Inquest of the said,

twelve good and lawful Men to be impannelled and sworn, inquire, proceed, aft, and determine, touching and concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof; and the said J*3g®ent* tod Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to cause all their Judgments and De- nJmoncnfto011^ crees to be entered fairly in Books, which Judgments and Decrees shall expressly mention and specify the ,°»

respective House or Houses, or other Messuages or Tenements, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with Books, &c. their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of every Person eft Persons interested respectively in the same, and the respective Sum or Sums that shall be so agreed for or assessed by

57J

vested in Trof» ten.

Reisonable

574 C. 49. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

the said Jury to be paid for the same respectively; which Judgments and Decrees IhaHlikewise be fairly ingrbfled on Parchment, and certified to the Cleric of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King's Remembrancer in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and, such Judgments and Decrees made as aforesaid shall be: final, and shall conclude all and every Person and Periods, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns reflectively, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Customi or other Matter or Thing what-Copk* thereof soever, to the contrary notwithstanding; Copies of which said Judgments and Decrees shall be laid forth* I°th Hw>fe«fcf With ^e^ore both Houses of Parliament, that a just and reasonable Compensation and Sausfaction may be PailiaqKnt!° * made to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better carrying the said to°iflbe their Commission or Commissions into Execution, the said Comm iffio nets, to be appointed tn and by the said Wa 1 rants to Commission or Commissions, or any five or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and arehferehy author Sheriff*tofam* rifed and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to be diredpd injuries to the Sheriff of the County of Kent* thereby commanding him to impanneh summon, and return, before the said Commissioners, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants,

a good and sufficient Jury of twenty-four good and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries, at the

who are-to In- Assizes for the said County, who, upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any five or 9»>ire into the more of them, shall have Power to administer), shall inquire into the true and real Value of the said Value of JUadt, £afids, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and every Part or Parcel thereof, and who respectively are thq <v 1 Owners and Proprietors thereof, and their respective Estates and Interests therein: And- the better; to

enable the find Jurors to make such Inquiry, the said Commissioners shall and lawfully may dire£I» in fucq their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, a View to be taken, by fix or more of the said Jurors, of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County, at (bme Time previous to the Meeting of the said Commissioners: And the Sheriff of the said County of Kent* upoa the Receipt of such Warrant or Warrants from the said Commissioners as aforesaid, is hereby required to impannell, summon, and return twenty-four good and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries at ihc ^Ufizes for the said County; and in the mean Time to have fix or[more of the said Jurors, £> impannelled / and sworn, to view the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and, at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, to attend the said Commissioners, with hii Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necessary*. the Summons of the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned respectively, upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or five or more of them, shall have Power to administer to the said Sheriff, and, hi* Pstmrttyoh She- Bailiffs and Officers, or any or either of them): And in case the said Sheriff, and his Bailiffs and Officers* ri^ortbejr Of* or any or cjther Qf them, shall neglect or refuse (being duly served with such Warrant or Warrants of tb^ D^4ulTf fold Commissioners fourteen Days before the Return thereof) to impannel, summon, and return, such

Jury of good and lawful Men as aforesaid, or otherwise refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants* or *'Uj Sail not attend the said Commissioners with his Bailiffs and Officers, who shall summon the said; Jurdrjs, at -I the Return of such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; then, and in either of the fa; d Case 9, > the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine on such Sheriff, Bailiffs, and Officers, or any or either of them, so making Default, not exceeding twenty an4 aifoan Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, for any one Offence; and in case the said Jurorj so to be Impannelled, Juron* summoned, and returned, or any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Return of

_r f fiiqh Warrant or Warrants, and to be sworn for the Purpose aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and, * may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then assembled and met, or any five or *more of themy |o impose a Fine upon each and every of the Jurors so impannelled, summoned, and returned, and (with*

out lawful Excuse, to be allowed of by the said Commissioners then fitting, or the major Parx of them).

\ 1 making Default, or refuting to be sworn, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Fine and Fines, so to be imposed and set, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to estreat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the life of his Majesty. fttcaA t (WfE-

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear ^ear u*ca uP°n the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest, it shall and may be lawful to and RetuMoflbs* fur the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to adjourn the said Inquest Co any future Day* Warrant, Com- not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than four Days, from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out mifijoners may their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning, and returning an equal Number of Jurors to adjourn ih el n~ those so making Default, who, together with the Jurors before returned by the Sheriff of the said County SwmiM K*nt> upon such second Warrant or Warrants afterwards to be issued, or upon any future Warrant or Urfumtn#fiinjf Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners, ox any five or more of them, feet Juror* in are hereby authorised to issue and make from Time to Time, until a sufficient Jury can be had, shall inquire Room of De- as aforesaid. -

f*ulte*K

VI. Provided always, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest aforesaid*

c®Tnnfl*®j>n€rl* and that in case twelve or more, not exceeding twenty-three in the Whole, shall appear, and he sworn, to flx*n bet*k«>* take such Inquest, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall continue and fit from Day to D ?v *u7*dj<iurn,&c. until the said Inquest shall be taken, and, after the Inquest shall be taken, may adjourn to some future Day for making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

VII. And, to the Intent that no Person or Persons may have any Cause or Pretence for not appearing to make out their Claims or Title to the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parcel thereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five or more of the said Commissioners shall give Notice, in Writing, twenty-one Days at least before their Meeting, which Writing (halt be affixed at the Gates of the Dock at Chatham* and on the Door of the Town hali of RahsJIer,* and shall How thry are to likewise be published in the London Gazette; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to ap-|tocc^4 u Qwor pear, or, when he ox they shall appear* shall wilfully refuse to shew his or their Deeds or Wthings relating to

Commissionert to giv<j Notice prr viou* to thsir respcilite Meeting*.

ban

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 575

to the Premises; that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the Jurors to be impannelled and sworn upon fijeh Inquest, fba\I proceed, upon the best Information they can get or have, to make such Inquest, Judgments, and Decrees, as before directed $ and all such Judgments and Decrees* being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be nnal and condusive.

VIII. And be it further enacted’ by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that Payment ffaaH be made of the Spm.and Sums, of Money so to be agreed for or aide fled by the said' Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, tQ the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned, or to any or either of them, the Trustees herein-before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to Hand seised of such Part and Parcel of the said Premises as shall be so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, forever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner, of Right, Title, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that can.pr maybe made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil*

IX. And whereas that Part of the Turnpike Road called The New Chatham Turnpike Road* which extends from the East End of Star-lane to the Foot of Chatham-hi//, is included within the Lands to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act: And whereas it may be necessary, for the public Service, to alter the Course of the said Turnpike Road,* be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and im-nowered, if they think proper, to set out, within the Lands so to be purchased, another Road of the Breadth of thirty Feet, and to make and form the same in the Manner of a Turnpike Road; anti that; from and after the Time that the said new Road shall be so completed, and fourteen Days Notice thereof given to the Clerk of the Trusttcs of the said Turnpike Road, the said new Road (halt be vested in the said Turnpike Trustees for the Purposes, and subject: to the Powers and Provisions of the Act for making the said Turnpike Road, and that that Part of the said Turnpike Road which extends from the End of Starftane to the Foot of Chatham-hill, shall no longer be subject to the Power and Controul of the said Turnpike Trustees; but the Trustees by this Act appointed shall be deemed and adjudged to Hand feifea of the same, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and fof the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Complaint of any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by this Act vested in the said Trustees, that he, she, or they have received any Damage by the erecting or completing of the said Fortifications and Intrenchments, or of any of the Works thereto belonging, or any other the Purposes of this Act, to examine into and hear every such Complaint, and shall make an Estimate of such Damage, and shall return such Estimate with, and VII the Manner they are herein-before directed to return, the aforesaid Judgments and Decrees.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Building or Buildings shall ty wade or.erected upon any of the Lands vested by this Act as aforesaid; and that the whole Profits arising, or that shall hereafter arise, from the said Lands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied for and to^ wands the Erection and Reparation of the said Fortifications and Intrenchments, and to no other TJfe Or Purpose whatsoever; and all and Angular the Premises shall be, and are hereby enacted and declared to be. unalienable from the Crown; neither shall any Part of the said Premises bedemifed or demifeable, otherwise than during Pleasure only.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Exfi-cution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentionejl in art Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; or in one other Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Sitpre-ntacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; or in one other Act, made in the Parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the hte King bVilHam the Third, intituled An AftfoY the better Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing tlse Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; or in one other Act, made in the Parliament begun and holden in the first Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sopnia, being Protestants \ and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any Sort be disabled or disqualified from fitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void; any Law or Statute to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner Jeffen, affect, abridge, prejudice, or derogate from* any Right, Privilege, or Franchise of the City Of Kechester, in the County of Kent, or the Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Citizens of the said City within the Limits of the said City; but that the same shall continue in the same State and Condition as they were entitled to before the making of this Act.

ers make Default in appearing, &c.

On Payment of the Sums afllfled by Jury, &c. Trustees to be >N deemed seised of the Hremifc*,1 for the UCe of his Majesty.

Comhmrtioneri impowered to "1 make a new

Turnpike Road instead of that. ( included in the Lands io be purchase<fYur the f

Purposes of this Act.

Commissioners to examine into Complaints of Owners of adjoining Lands, dee. and to male# an Estimate of the Damages*, received.: ,

How the Profit! of Lands vrfted in the Trusteea fit all be applied.

Commissioners not liable to the Penalties mentioned in an Act of as Car IL or in i Gul Sk Mar. Cap. S;

13 and 14 Gul. UI.Cap. fi;

I Geo. I. Cap.

Commissioner! not disqualified from being Members of Parliament. Thia A A mtf so

aft'ed the Privileges af the City of Rochester.

4

57& C. 50. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

CAP. L.

An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act made in the eighth. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for *: gulating the quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to in Parliament ,to far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

JUclil of an

Atl 8 Geo. H, r

The recited Act not to extend to Winchester, during the Time the Prisoners of War are detained there, &c.

Recital of an Act 7 and 8 Col. [IK

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; it is recited. That by the ancient Common Law of this Land all Elections ought to be free; and that by an Act passed in the third Year of Edward the First it is commanded, that no Man, by Force of Arms, or Malice or Menacing, shall disturb any to make free Elec- tion: And that forasmuch as the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, is of the utmost Consequence to the Preservation of the Rights and Liberties of this Kingdom, and that it has been the Usage and Practice to cause any Regiment, Troop, or Company, or any Number of Soldiers,

which hath been quartered in any City, Borough, Town, or Place, where any Election of Members to* serve in Parliament hath been appointed to be made, to remove and continue out of the same during the Time of such Election (except in such particular Cases as therein after specified); it is therefore enacted, That when and as often as any Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament shall be appointed to be made, the Secretary at War, or the Person who shall officiate in the Place of the Secretary at War, shall, at some convenient Time before the Day appointed for such Election, issue and fend forth proper Orders for the Removal of all Soldiers who shall be quartered or biiletted in any City, Borough, Town, or Place, where such Election shall be appointed to be made, out of every such City, Borough, Town or Place, one Day at lead before the Day appointed for such Election, to the Distance of two or mote Miles from such City, Borough, Town, or Place, and not to make any nearer Approach thereto, until one Day at the least after the Poll to be taken at such Election shall be ended,

and the Poll Books closed, under certain Penalties and Disabilities in the said Act mentioned: And whereas, by a Provision in the said Act, it is declared, That nothing therein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, for and in Respect of the Guards of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor to any City, Borough, Town, or Place, where his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any of the Royal Family, shall happen to be or reside at the Time of any such Election as aforesaid, for or in respect of such Number of Troops or Soldiers only as shall be attendant as Guards to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to such other Person of the Royal Family as is aforesaid, nor to any Castle, Fort, or fortified Place, where any Garrison is usually kept, for or in respect of such Number of Troops or Soldiers only whereof such Garrison is composed: And whereas in the City of Winchester there is a House or Palace belonging to his Majesty,

which it has been found necessary to use as a Prison for confining and guarding a large Number of French and Spanish Prisoners, and that a Number of Troops have, for some Time past, been stationed in the said City for the Purpose of guarding such Prisoners: And whereas the Number of such Prisoners are so great, that they could not be removed during any Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, without great Difficulty, Expence, and Hazard of Escape: And whereas the Removal of the said Troops, necessary for the Guard of such Prisoners, would be attended with manifest Danger, not only to the Inhabitants of the said City, and Persons resorting thereto, but to the Public in general:

Therefore, in order to the better guarding and safe keeping of such Prisoners during the Time of any such Election be it enacted by the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the said City, for such Time only as it shall be found necessary to detain such Prisoners of War in the said House or Palace, and so far as the same relates to such Troops or Soldiers only as are necessary for the Purpose of guarding any such Prisoners of War; provided that the Number of such Troops shall not, during the Times of such Election, exceed the Proportion of three Soldiers to every twenty Prisoners so confined; and provided that such Proportion of the said Troops as are not actually upon Guard, shall, during such Electioiu remain in the Barracks until it is necessary to relieve the said Guard, after which Time the former Guard shall immediately return to the said Barracks, and so alternately during the Continuance of such Election.

II. And whereas the said City of Winchester is the usual Place for holding Elections for the County of Southampton: And whereas by an Act, made in the seventh and eighth Years of King William the Third,

for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Pro- aedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers> in electing and returning such Members^ it is enacted, That upon every Election of any Knight of the Shire, the Sheriff shall hold his County Court at the most public and usual Place of Election, and where the same has been usually held for forty Years: And whereas the said City of Winchester is the Place at which the said County Court has been usually held: Where- fore, for preventing the Inconveniences which may happen from an Election of a Knight of the Shire 4# for the said County of Southampton being held at the said City of Winchester be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Election for a Knight of the Shire for the said County of Southampton, which shall

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 51. 577

be holden during the Continuance of this Act, shall be begun and holden at the Town of Alresford, in the Ar,y Eieaionfor said County of Southampton, and that the County Court for the said County, at which the said Election Member for would otherwise have been made, shall be holden at the said Town of Alresford, and not at Winchester du*

aforesaid; any Law, Ufaee, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Sheriff of the said nufnee^f th!*" County, or his Deputy,' are hereby authorised and required to adjourn the Poll from the said Town of Act, shall u 1*-jpresford to Newport in the of Wight, in Manner directed in and by an Act, made in the seventh and gun at Air-sfmd, eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Wia-

of Members Jo ferae in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriff j, and other Officers, chester> &c-in the electing and returning such Members, in relation to adjourning the Poll frorp the said Guy of Winchester.

III. And whereas a large Building in the Neighbourhood of the Town of Shrewsbury, and on the opposite WhiMPnfWrt Side of the River Severn, has been lately fitted up for the Reception of Prisoners of War, and it may be- of w« flult fe-‘ come necessary, for the better Accommodation of such Prisoners, to fend a considerable Number to that main nfar Place, in which Event a certain Number of Troops will be required for the Guard of such Prisoners: Shrrxv{h'jrv>

And whereas the said Building is not distant above one Mile from the usual Place of Election of Mem- S^r'oers nlaU 4 bers to serve in Parliament for the said Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, respectively: And be p?rmitrrd to c whereas the Troops necessary for the Guard of such Prisoners cannot with Safety be remoied during the guard them, not- Time of such Election j* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be ne- *Uhftanaing»ny*> ceflary, during the Continuance of such Prisoners there, to remove from the said Building or Prison the ,n lhc

Troops necessary for a proper Guard of such Prisoners; and that it shall be lawful for one Relief of the said Guard to come, and return from thence, once in every twenty-four Hours, for the Purpose of fock-Relief during any Election to be held for the said County or Town respectively; any Thing in the said Act of the eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That not more than in the Proportion of three Soldiers to Provided that every twenty Prisoners shall be suffered to remain as a Guard at the said Building during any such Elec- not more th*n tion; and that the Soldiers necessary for the Relief of the said Guard shall be quartered and remain, three Soldier be during such Election, in the Villages on the South-west Side of the said River Severn, and distant at *1Io*ed lo every leafPtwd Miles from the said respective Places of Election; and that none of the said Troops shall, during twcmypn^ou<r,' the Time aforesaid, come to that Side of the said River where such Elections respectively have been usually held, nor Within any Part of what is known and reputed to be the Voting Liberty of the said Town.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the End of the next Session Continuance U*

vf Parliament. this Act*

CAP. LI.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned and certain Duties on all Horses let'to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other Duties in* lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire for travelling Rental of 19' 4 in the Manner therein mentioned 5 and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Geo. III. C*j# 4 Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned', it was enacted, That, from and after 51*

the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there should be raised, levied, col- lested, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say), That every Postmaster,

Innkeeper, or other Person, in Great Britain, who should let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of traveiling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or, being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire,

should let to Htreifor a Day, or any less Period of Time, any Horse for drawing any Coach, Chariot,

or Chaise, or any other Carriage uled in travelling Post, should yield and pay annually unto his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose 5 that for and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in travelling Post, in Great Britain, there should be charged a Duty of one Penny for every Mile such Horse should be hired to travel Post; and that for 4*and in respect of every Horse hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time for drawing on a Post or other public Road, any Coach, Chariot, or Chaise, or any other Carriage used in travelling Post, there should"

be charged, if the Distance should be then ascertained, the Sum of one Penny pet Mile; and if the

Distance should not then be ascertainedr there should be charged the Sum of twelve Pence for and in respect of each Horse so hired; such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horfo should'

be hired; that every Person who should keep any Four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Post-coach, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were, or thereafter (houla be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the Inside thereof any Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, to and from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, should yield and pay an- nually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose; that every Four-wheeled Chaise,-or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Poji-coach, or

py..what.Naqao soever such Carriages then were, or thereafter should be called or known, for the Pur*

pofir

578 C. 51.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1801.

f conveying in the Inside thereof any Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, Stage to Srage, or fioin Mace to Place, (liquid be charged with a Duty of one Halfper such Carriage shall rravfl. fr» hf* rviid ha the Owners thereof t And u/h*-Y#»'ac Kp Pavm^n

pose of from

such Osrriaar* shall rravfl. fr»

to and alfpenpy per: And whereas the Payment of the

After An^. f, I7S0, the Dutirs granted by the recited Act shall be rtj>«aled;

and inftrad thereof, the fol’owing Duties shall be pjul to his Majestyj ?Vi.

Every Postmaf. ter, &c. who shall let Horses to Hire for ira-vflling Post, for ao annual Li* ceace, 55.*

Every Person hiring Hur(ea to tf^vel Pod, to pay, for each Horse, id. per Mile$ or is. 6d. per Day, where the Didance shall not be ascertained« ,

Every Person keeping a Diligence, Pvft-coach, or other Feur. wheeled Carriage, for carrying only four Inlide Par-fengerr, for Hire, or any Stagecoach, Sec shall pay annual y 5*. for a Licence; nod shall also >pey one Halfpenny for every Mile such Carriage shall tr *rej.

The said Dutiea 'to be under the Management of the CommiSigners for the Stamp-duties.

Rates and Duties granted by the above-mentioned Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, are now applicable unto; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the Rates and Duties granted by an A»5I, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to betaken out by all Persons letting LJorfcs to Hire, Jor travelling in the fi/fanner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Post% and by Time $ and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; except only such Monies as shall have been received, or shall be payable, by the several Postmasters, Inn-keepers^ and other Persons, for and on Account of the said Rates and Duties,'at any Time on or before the said fird Day of August, and which shall be unaccounted for and unpaid by them to the several Collectors appointed by virtue of the said Act to receive the same, and the several Bonds given, and Licences granted, in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fird Day of August, there shall be raifrd, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say). That every Podmader, Innkeeper, or other Person, in Great Britain, who shall let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or, being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire, shall let to Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, any Horse for drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calaftl with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or any Calash, Chaise, or Chair, with two Wheels, or any other Carriage used in travelling Pod, of otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, Rates or Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, now is or are made payable by any Statute or Statutes heretofore made, and now in Force, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose; that for and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in travelling Pud, in Great Britain, there be charged a Duty of one Penny for every Mile such Horse shall be hired to travel Pod; and that for and in respect of every Hc^rfe hired for a Day, of any Iefe Period of Time for drawing, on a Pod or other public Road, any Coach, Berlin, Lardati, Chariot; Calash with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or any Calash, Chai(e, ot Chair, with two Wheels, or any other Carriage used in travelling Pod, or otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, Rates or Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, now is or are made payable by any Statute or Statutes heretofore made, and now in Force, there shall be charged, if the Distance shall be then ascertained, the Sum of one Penny per Mile, and if the Distance shall not then be ascertained, there shall be charged the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence for and in respect of each Horse so hired; such Duly to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse shall be so hired; that every Person who shall keep any Four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Pcfl-ccach, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the Inside thereof any Number of Passengers not exceding four, for Hire, to and from Stage to Stage, or fresh Place to Place; or who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Cala(h with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or other CanLge, by what Name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as Public Stagecoaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor$, the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose; and that every Four-wheeled Chaise, or othet Machine, commonly called A Diligerce or Post-coach, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the Inside thereof any Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, to and from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place; and that every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with.four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or other Carriage, by what Name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as Public Stage-coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby charged with a Duty of one Half-penny for every Mile such Carriage or Carriages as aforesaid shall travel, to be paid by the Ownervt Owners thereof respectively: And for the better and more effectual raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the said Rates and Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage! the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on stamDed Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incident Ch^tges, asr shall be necessary; and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps as they shall think fir; and to repair, renew, or alter, the same, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion; and to do all other Acti, Matters, and Things 6 necessary

A.D. 1 178,gr, Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 5 579

necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, w;th relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby.

granted, in the likeV and in as full and ample Manner as ^hey, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution "any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper. t.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August% PenaltyonPer-one thousand seven hundred and eighty", no Person whatsoever, required by this Act to be licensed, shall, Je'Ong out unless he or she be authorised and enabled in the Manner herein after prescribed, let out any Horse for Po°ft &c?w?th-Hire, either by the Mile or Stage, or to draw any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Ca1a(h with four out a Licence." Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or any Cala(h, Chaise, or Chair, with two Wheels,

or any other Carriage used in travelling Port, or otherwise, by whatsoever Names such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, upon which any Rate or Duty, Rates or Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, is or are reserved or made payable, for a Day,

or any Iefs Period of Timb, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be 1

recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Any two Com- j Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by missioners of the Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences Sump-dude*,ot to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to let out Horses for Hire, in Manner aforesaid, in any City,

Town, or other Place, within Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said first may gr^nt LU Day of AuguJ?, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that cences for letting Day, and upon Licences lobe first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of August%. one, °ut Horses to thousand seven hundred and eighty, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; anti Hac* all and every Person or Persons who shall take out such Licence for letting out Horses for Hire in Manner aforesaid, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year ten Days at the lead before the Expiration of that Year for which he, she, or they shall be fp licensed, if he, she, or they shall continue to let out Horses for Hire( in Manner aforesaid, and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year^-paying down the respective Sums due for such Licences, as long as he, she, or they shall continue to ko Opt Horses for Hire ip Manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster, Innkejeper, or other Ko'Person t* ' Person whatsoever, licensed or to be licensed by Authority of this Act, shall, by virtue of one Licence, kerp more ihan-keep more than one Inn, Hnufe, or other Place, for letting Horses for the Purposes aforesaid; but for each one inn, &c. for and every Inn, House, or other Place, which any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall keep for det, jn? HorfVl»

She Purposes aforesaid, a separate and diitinA Licence shall be taken out and paid for by such Postmaster, Licence!° on* (nnkeper, or other Person.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Licensed Inn*-Person, ib licenkd to let Horses as herein-before mentioned, shall cause the Words (Lnenjcd to let Post~ keepers, &c.vtp horJii\ to be painted or written, in legible CharaAers, either on a Sign hung out, or in some visible Place cerf*in *; in thp Front of his, her, or their House, Stables, or Out offices, at the respective Places at which he, ^YonThe or they let out Horses to Hire as aforesaid, to denote that such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, Fronts of th^iv is a Letter or Furnisher of Horses, and authorised to furnifti Travellers with the same, pursuant to LaW; Hoofc», &c. be. and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to let out fore they kt Horses for Hue, as herein-before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every Horse-s for Hirr* Foftrnafter, Innkeeper, or other Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the oai5cnaIty of 51. Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other innkeeper*, Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they, furnish his, her, or their own Chaises, or other 'who Carriages, at the same Time with such Horses let to Hire to travel Poll as aforesaid, mark or paint, or to travel cause to be marked or painted, on the outside Pannel of the Door, er on some conspicuous Part of the * *a*

Chaise or other Carriage so furnished, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the [hT Pilc/of° City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in large and legible CharaAers, and continue the Abode, on feme same thereupon so long as such Chaise or Carriage shall be so used; and if any Person or Persons shall conspicuous Pm* mgleA the same, or mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, any false or fiAitious Name, or thereori Place of Abode, on such Chaise or other Carriage, he or she shall forfek, for every such Offence, the Sum >on Penalty 5h of five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or > innkrepm, *c. other Person so licensed as aforesaid, rf he, she, or they furnish his, her, or their own Coaches, Berlins, whosomifBCtr-Landaus, Chariots, Calashes with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, oranyCalafhy riage* to travel Chaise, or Chair, with two Wheels, or other Carriage as aforesaid, at the same Time with such Horses pl\a?*v,~rkA let to Hire, for a Day or less Period of Time for drawing on a Pod or other public Road, where such ftTnYffi* upon* Carriage* shall Have a Box or other outside Seat for the Driver thereof, shall affix upon some conspicuous r.*ne coastncu-Part of the Foot-board, or other Part of such Box or Seat, a Brass or Tin Plate, upon which there shall ous Pan Hereof, be marked or engrnved the Christian and Surname of every such Owner or Owners, and the Name of the a Rrtfsor Tio City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in large and legible CharaAers, and continue the same thereon, and replace the same as often as Occasion shall require, during the Time such Coach of ind PJjkc* of other Carriage as aforesaid shall be so used; and where such Carriages so furnished as aforesaid dull not Abode, have a Bax or other outside Seat for the Driver thereof shall affix upon* a conspicuous Part of the P^le,

Shaft, or Splinter-bar ef every such Chaise or other Carriage as aforesaid, a Brass or Tin Plate, upon which there shall bp marked or engraved the Christian and Surname of every such Owner and Owner?, together >yith. thp Name of the City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in large and legible ChaiaAerSj and coir.kue the Came thereon, and replace the some as often as Occasion shall require,

580 C. 51.

Anno vicesimo Georgii in*

A.D. 1780.

P<*»lty on Nc-»le£, kc.

'Cornmirttonen of the Stamp-duties are to deliver, to every Person taking out a Licence, printed or writ* ten Paper* t

Form

thereof.

during the Time any such Chaise of other Carriage as aforesaid shall be so used: And if any Person or : Persons shall omit or neglect so to do, or mark or engrave, or eause to be marked or engraved, any false or fi&ttious Name or Place of Abode, on any such Plate so to be affixed oq any such Coach, Berlin, Lan^ dau, Chariot, Chaise, or other Carriage as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arHing by Sumps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall, at the Time of ifluiqg such Licence as aforesaid, deliver, or eause to be delivered, to every Postmaster. Innkeeper, or other Person, so to be licensed, printed or written Papers (intituled Stamp-Office Weekly Account); in w^ich shall be inserted the Day of the Week, and Blanks left for the Number of Horses and Miles, and for the Day of the Month, and the Names of the Postillions or Drivers employed, to be filled up as herein after directed, according to the following Form, or such other Form as the said Commissioners shall judge convenient keeping such Accounts:

A.B.

Stamp-office Weekly Account,

of C.

Month and Day. % Week and Day. Names of Postillions or Drivers.

A- B. CD EF. G. H. /. K. L. M. Duty.

N6 of N° of N° of N° of 1 N° of N° of

s -1 f 2 n CO ? -1 to 7T CO X 8 M 1 <r CO. 33 % to 2 5s CO 33 0 M 2 a X 0 n CO 2 O M

Sunday

Monday

Tuesday

Wednesday

Thursday

Friday

Saturday

And also certain Ticket.

Ttnilty Officer* making Default.

-Postmasters, Sec, on receiving their first Licence, to give Security for the RedeKvery of Tickets unaccounted for. See.

And shall also deliver, or eause to be delivered, aNumber of Tickets, on which shall be printed or written the Words (Stamp Office), and also the Word (Horses), and 1, 2, 3, 4, c, or 6, in Figures, as the Ticket# may be intended to denote the Numbers; and likewise the Word (Miles), except where the Horses are hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and then, instead of the Word (Miles), the Words (For a Day) shall be inserted, and also the Amount of the Duty, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and six Pence for each Horse, according to the Number of Horses expressed by Figures on such Ticket, and shall take especial Care that all Persons so licensed shall be fufRciently furnished with such Account and Tickets; and in case any Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects shall or may fullain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending shall be liable, in any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit*

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Post mailer, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed to let Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receiving his, her, or their first Licence, give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of fifty Pounds, with a Condition that he, she, or they will, whenever thereunto required, redeliver, or eause to be redelivered, the Stamp-office Tickets which he, she, or they may have received, and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them; and that he, she, or they will also deliver to the Person or Persons properly authorised, by the Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arifirsg by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to iofpedl the same (and to receive the Money due thereon), the Stamp*office Account so delivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, faithfully made out, signed, and attested, as herein after directed, and make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the Directions, Matters, and Things herein contained, on his, her, or their Behalf, to be observed and performed; and in case of the Non-performance or Breach of such Condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Persons so appointed by them, to eause each and every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law; and in case

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 5.

of Judgment against the Defendant, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to such Person, against whom such Judgment shall be obtained, any Licence to Jet Horses as aforesaid in future.

Xf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper,

Postmaster*, &c.

or other Person, licensed as aforesaid, who shall let Horses to Hire by the Mile or Stage, to be used in letting out travelling Port, shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to the tiling such Horse or Horses, ask, demand, J/r<J,trlvcl and receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons hiring fc°vc' f*r the same, the Sum of one Penny per Mile, for each Mile such Horse shall be so hired to travel, at and uf. of hi* Ma-after the Rate or Number of Miles Svhich he, she, or they shall charge such Traveller or Travellers for the jrrtv, of the1 er. Stage or Distance such Horse may be hired to go; and shall, at the same Time he or she receives Payment ions h ring the of the Duty for such Horse or Horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Persons hiring ranire> wd.* *or. such Horse or Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, as Occasion shall JJ*'* lst*faac. require, and to which such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall add, or cause to be added, if an v*!; and Innkeeper, the Name of his Sign or House, if not an Innkeeper, his or her Name; and he shall also in- deliver ro ti»c:n fert the Name of the City, Town, or Place, wheres such licensed Person resides; and, in Words or Stamp office Figures, the Month and Day of the Month, and the Number of Miles fot which such Horse or Horses lu dc, SFro?e! y are so hired: And if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, Under Pretence of there not being any pr^al)*P0fl Turnpike upon the Road through Which he may be hired to go, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, thereof. shall ne^left to ask, demand, and receive, the said Duty of one Penny per Mile from such Person or Persons hiring such Horse or Horses, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the Tukct or Tickets, filled up as herein-before directed, to such Person or Persons so hiring the Horses as aforesaid, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, {half, for every such Offence, forfeit and p3y the Sum of ten Pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they, bad actually received the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Traveller or Travellers, Trarellm to to whom the Tickets, whereon shall be expressed the Number of Miles, shall be delivered as aforesaid, 1?.iJ'cr ^e,rh if they shall pass through any Turnpike, shall, at the first Turnpike through which he, she, or they shall fir

pass, deliver, dr cause to be delivered, to the Toll-gate Keeper there, the Ticket or Tickets so given to they fcalipafr him, her, or them, at the Place where he, fhei or they hirbd such Horse or Horses, which the said Toll- through, gatherer is hereby directed to receive and file; and if any Traveller or Travellers so going Post as afore- Tensity on belaid, shall have neglected to take such Ticket or Tickets, or shall not deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, he, she, or they shall, before such Horses be permitted to pass through such Toll-gate, pay for every Ilorfe hired and used by such Traveller or Travellers, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, which the Gate-keeper is hereby authorised to ask and demand* and not permit such Horse or Horses to pass till he, she, or they shall have pajid the same, or produced such Ticker or Tickers as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, Postmaster*, Sccr or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses by the Day, or left feting out Period of Time, as aforesaid, shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to such Horse or Horses being ^Th*'*? used, ask, demand, and receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the shall receive, for Person or Persons hiring the same, the Sum of one Penny per Mile for each Mile such Horse or Horses the Use of his shall be so hired to go, where the Distance shall be ascertained, and where the Distance shall not be afeer- Majesty, of the tained, then the Sum of one Shilling and fix Pente for each Horse so hired, previous to such Horse or personi hiring Horses being used; and shall, at the same%Time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Per* mJ?* each fons fa hiring such Horse or Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, Ho[fc isto na-with the Words (For a Day) inserted thereon, as Occasion shall require; and to which every Postmaster, Vei5 or 1. 6d. Innkeeper, or other Person, shall add, or cause to be added, if an Innkeeper, the Name of his Sign or for each Horse, House, if not an Innkeeper, his or her Name, and he shall also insert the Name of the City, Town, or where the Dir* Place, where such licensed Person resides, and, in Words or Figures, the Momh, and Day of the Month; bc^c^uincd1! and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall neglect to ask, demand, and receive the said tnd fTaVddiver Duty of one Penny per Mile, or one Shilling and six Pence for each Horse, as the Case shall happen to be, to them Stamp-from such Person or Persons hiring the same, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the Ticket or Tickets so: office Trkc:* filled up as aforesaid, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ProPcrl>fi*’eduP»

-and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and moreover, in case of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be charge- °&c?(Qr

able therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had, v« ic7> actually received the same. - 5

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons to whom such Day-ticket* t® Day-ticket, as aforesaid, shall be delivered, if he, she, or they shall pass through any Turnpike in the be del.vered at Course of the Day for which such Ticket shall he given, shall, at the first Turnpike through which he, first Turn-<he, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Toll-gate Keeper there the Day-ticket or p,kc*

Tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the Place where he, she, or they hired such Horse or Herfcs,

Which the said Toll-gate Keeper is hereby directed to receive and file; and in return for such Day-ticket in Retorn for or Tickets, every such Person or Persons shall receive, from the Toll-gate Keeper, a Ticket (called which the Gate An Exchange Ticket)y to be supplied from the Sump-office, which shall contain the Name of the County Keeper shall give in which the Turnpike shall be, and the Words (Received Day-ticket) \ and also the Number of Horses Ticket*186 in the Figures expressed in such Day ticket, together with the Name of the City, Town, or Place, at 1C C* which such Day-ticket was given, and fume Mark or Number, denoting the particular Day on which such Exchange Ticket was issued, in printed or written Letters or Figures; which said Exchange Ticket the said Toll-gatherer is hereby directed to deliver to such Person or Persons gratis, in return for such Day-ticket so left with him as aforesaid; and which said Exchange Ticket so delivered shall be shewn by such Person or Persons at every Turnpike through which he, she, or they shall afterwards oo that Day pass ?'»" ike'du.so*

With that Day.

8a

Penalty on Travel Un not delivering Day-tickets, &c.

Penalty on taking off the before mentioned Brass or Tin Plate, in order to evade Payment of the Duty 3

and oa Drivers of Carriages pairing through any Turnp.ke without such Plate*

Description of the Certificates to be delivered to Traveller! who dull hire Horsei for two Days, or more.

If Traveler! neglect to take such Certificates, &c, they shall pay it. 6d. for each Horse, which the Gatekeeper may retain to his own Use,

Penalty on Pod-masters, dec. delivering false Certificates, Ac,

Horses hired for eny less Time than 1 wo D ys, shall be desmed to be hired for one Day.

Penalty on Cate-keepers for Neglect of Duty,

fenemtraeion of Particulars to be

inftrted by Post-masters, &c. in the Account to beddivr dthem fr »rn the Surn£-office.

At what Times licenko Persons vchoing in JLon-

a 5i(

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

with such Horse or Horses, for which such Day-ticket shall have been given; And if any Person or Persons, to whom such Day-ticket or Tickets shall be delivered as aforesaid,* shall neglect or refuse to leave the same at such first Turnpike, as aforesaid*, or shall refuse to shew the Ticket, so given to him in Exchange, at every Turnpike through which he, she, or they shall on that Day paf$, as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall pay, for every Horse then used by him, her, or them, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence before such Horse or Horses shall pass through such Turnpike, and the Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers thereof is and are hereby authorised to a(k, demand, and retain the same to his, her, or their own Use; and where the Name of the Owner of the Carriage shall be marked on the Foot-board or Seat, or Pole, Shaft, or Splinter-bar, as herein-before is directed to be done^ where the Carriage is let out to Hire at the same Time with the Horses, then such Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers shall not permit such Horse or Horses to pa(« through until such Traveller shall have paid the same, or left such Day-ticket or Tickets, or shall have pro* duced and shewn such Exchange Ticket, as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall take off, or cause to be taken o(F, the Brass or Tin Plate, herein-before directed to be affixed on Carriages used as herein-before mentioned, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the Duty, or the Sum of one shilling and six Pence for each Horse to be paid at the Turnpike, as herein-before is directed; every such Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Penalties in this Act are directed to be recovered and applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Carriage, upon which any Brass or Tin Plate is directed to be affixed as aforesaid, shall pass through any Turnpike without having, such Brass or Tin Plate then affixed thereon, in the Manner herein-before directed, the Driver or Drivers* of every such Carriage shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the Manner herfein-after appointed.

XVII. And, in order to prevent any Obstruction or Inconvenience to Travellers, where Horses shall be let to Hire for two Days, or more, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster* Innkeeper, or other Person, when be shall let to Hire for two Days, or a longer Space of Time* apy Horses for drawing a Carriage on any Pod or public Road, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person travelling in such Carriage, or to the Driver thereof, a Note or Certificate, to be supplied from the Stamp-office, on which shall be engraved or printed (Hired for two or more Days), and to which such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Peifpn, shall add the Dav of the Month, and the Name and Place of his Abode; and the Driver of such Carriage shall, at every Turnpike through which he shall pass, (Hewto the Toll-gatherer there the Note or Certificate so given to him as aforesaid: And if c*iy Person or Persons so hiring such Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such Note or Certificate a% above specified, or shall refuse to shew the same at the several Turnpikes through which he, (be, or tfcey, shall pass, such Traveller or Travellers shall pay, for every Horse then used by him, her, or tboip,) thi' Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, before such Horses be permitted to pass such Toll-gate, which the said Toll-gate Keeper is hereby authorised to a(k, demand, and receive, and to retain to his own Use,^nd ^ot to permit such Horses to pass till such Travellers shall have paid the same, or produced such Note or Certificate as aforesaid; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, in such Note or Certificate, insert any false or fi&itious Name, or Place of his, her, or their Abode, or shall, in letting out such Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, by any Device or Collusion pretend to hire for a longer Space of Tjme, with an Intent to evade the Duty hereby imposed, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, for eyeiy such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and the said Commissioners (half, if they think fij, after Conviction of such Offender, refuse to grant such Offender any Licence in future.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every Horse, hired for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage as aforesaid, for any less Period of Time than two complete Days, shall be deemed, for the Purposes of this Act, to be hired for a Day, and shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations,/ and Restrictions, as Horses hired for a Day, or less Period of Time for drawing such Carriages as aforesaid, are by this Act made liable and subject to.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Toll gate Keeper who (half have received any of the Day-tickets herein-before mentioned, and shall refuse to give any Traveller or Travellers, gratis, the Ticket hereby directed to be given in Exchange, or who shall deliver the Exchange Ticket without having leceived in lieu thereof the Scamp-office Day-Ticket, as herein-before mentioned, or who shall make, or permit or suffer to be made, sny Alteration in any of the Tickets hereby directecT So be filed by him or her, after such Tickets shall have come to his or her Custody, or shall deliver any of the Tickets, directed to be received and filed by him or her, to any Person or Persons other than* the Person or Persons duly authorised, as herein-afeer mentioned, to receive the same, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed to let Horses as aforesaid, shall insert in the Account herein-before specified, so delivered to him, her, or them, from the Stamp-Office, the Number of Horses used in travelling Post, and the Number of Miles for which such Horses shall have been so used, also the Number of Horses let to Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and the Day of the Month on which the same were used, together with the Names of the Postillions or Drivers employed; which said Account shall be figued by such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, and witnessed by the Heftier or other Servant employed in preparing and getting ready such Horses, and shall he open, when required, to the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorised, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to inspe& the same; and such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, residing in the City of London or Liberty

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 51. 583

of Westminster, (hair, the first Tuesday or Wednesday in every Month, and such other Person so don or Westmin-licensed as aforesaid, residing within five Miles of the City of London or Liberty of Westminster, or within £er> criw?th"1 the Hills of Mortality, shall, the first Thursday or Friday in every Month, or at such other Tirpes as may ot-e0^7hc|i, j be appointed by the said Commissioners, on public Notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the of Vio/tai-.tv * Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them for the Purpose of receiving the same, at Hull deliver rvir the Head Office, the Accounts herein-before directed, for the four Weeks ending on the Saturday pre- Account at the ceding such Day of Delivery* and shall, within eight Days thereafter, pay such Sum and Sums of Money s amp-offive, which shall appear to be due thereon to the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on damped c*

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Duties, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in Lincoln s Inn, or wherever else the same may be held, upon Pain of forfeiting ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering in such Account, and double the Amount of the Money so due and payable, from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person for the said Rates or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every roftmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed Where'andwi tn as aforesaid1, not residing within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within five Miles of the same, or licensed Person* within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at such Times and Places to be appointed for that Purpose, as herein- p7rt«Sof after mentioned, produce and deliver the Accounts herein-before directed for the Weeks ending on the

Saturday preceding such Delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the Person or Persons duly authoris'd dcii*VrIm-ii Vic-

and commissioned, under the Hands and Seals of three of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties counts, &c.

oti damped Vellum-, Parchment, and Paper, to receive such Accounts, and the Money due thereon, and

+at the same Time pay to such Person or Persons all Sum and Sums of Money which shall appear to be due upon such Accounts, under the Penalty of ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Accounts, and double the Amount of the Money due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, for the said Rates or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or Poflmifler?, *c. other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall enter, or cause to be entered, in his weekly Account, the to enter Ticket* Tickets so HTued by him, her, or them, on the Day in which the same shall be issued; and if any Post- in their weekly Vnafter, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall date any of the Porting Tickets, or Day Tickets by him or her p^C0(uhncc delivered, in any other Manner than as the same shall, at the Tjme of such Delivery, be entered in his or iirocd.

her weekly Account or Accounts, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sjim t>f twenty Shillings; to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Ticket, delivered from All Ticket* the Stamp-office, that shall appear with the Number of Miles expressed therein, either in Words or Fi- %,huKombe? gutes, shall be deemed a Ticket upon which the Duty has been received, and shall be accounted and paid *hereio*Aaii M by the Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, according to such Number of Horses and Miles marked b« according, the Veori,1 at and after the Rate aforesaid. ’} piid for by the,

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeepef, Postmaster, &c. or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, who shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, or making false Ptnaityon Post-Accounts, or any other fraudulent Contrivance, Device, or Pretence whatsoever, with an Intent or De- ftc*who

sign -to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act, w defraud* to* or any Part thereof, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, Majesty of the to be recovered as herein after directed; and the said Commissioners shall and may, if they shall so thiflk Rateiimposed fit, after Judgment obtained against such Offender, refuse to grant to such Offender any Licence in bytUifAa. future.

XXV. And, in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted, by permit- EteryPoftmtf- ting Carriages conveying Persons Post to be drawn by Horses which have paid the Duty for the Stage, ter, &c. who under the Pretence of such Horses being upon the Return Home be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, who shall take the Hire for such Horses by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, shall be considered as the Person to whom the Duties herein- fran be account-before granted shall be paid, and shall be chargeable with and accountable for the same, as if such Post- aUeforthe Duty, matter, Innkeeper, or other Person, was the actual Proprietor of such Horses, although the same may belong to, and be the Property of, any other licensed Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person.

XXVI. And, in order to prevent evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted upon Horfts NoPoAmarter,

hired by the Mile or Stage, under the Pretence of the letting such Horses for a Day, or any Iefs Period *c. »t whofa of Time/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, aft H?,oftiinJr, Tra" whose Inn, House, or other Place, kept for letting Horses to Hire, any Traveller or Travellers shall *hwee Horses change Horses, shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses, to such Traveller or Travellers, in any other Man- frail let them* «er than by the Mile or Stage; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall act contrary here^ a ay otherwise to, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered th»n *>y the as herein after mentioned. M»ie or Stage.*

XXVII. And, for the Encouragement of the Toll-gate Keepers to be attentive and vigilant in the Toll-gate Keep. 4 Execution of this Act, and as a Compensation for their Trouble,' be it enacted by the Authority afore- robe allowed said. That all and every Toll-gate Keeper shall be, and is hereby authorised to demand and receive, from 3d* £ound the Collectorco whom he, she, or they shall deliver the Day Tickets and Posting Tickets, in the Manner they (haliVlivw herein after directed and prescribed, the Sum of three Pence for every Pound Sterling which the Duties toColicflors. upon any such Ticket shall amount unto, and at and after that Rate for any Iefs Sum than a Pound Sterling; and such Collector is hereby authorised to pay and allow the same accordingly; and that such Allowance of nhree Pence in the Pound shall be over and above the Allowance or Privilege hereby given to such Toll-gate Keepers of retaining the Money by him, her, or them, collcded from such Traveller or Travellers,

584 C. 51.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Where and when

the Toll gate Keepers shall brin ' the said TuketJ.

Penalty onToll-^ate Keepers whollwll not deliver up Tickets on Demand j

or who shall neglect to receive or to file any Tickets, ai required by this Act.

Gate-keeperi fraudulently accepting lets than they are authorised to de.nand, forfeit aos.

Where Postmasters, &c. in? 1 ut of the B Us of Mortality, are to attend and pafa their Account!.

This Act not to extend tf> ^forfe* u:ed in Hackney-coaches, Sect

All Horfrs hired by the Mile or Stage, shall be deemed hireJ to travel Foil.1

On the Death of any bcensed Post-matter, &c. his ilxecu ors, Arc. ih A\ not be liable to any Penalty for letting Horses to Hire, provided th*y take out a L'c^nce within 30 Days after his Death.

After Aug. 2, 17?io, every Portir.dft:r, &c. on delivering his Accounts, shall make Oath to the Truth iheie-fa

Person or Persons, who shall not, pursuant to this Act, have delivered the Tickets to such Toll- gate Keeper as aforesaid.

XXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for the Compensation and Allowance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the Tickets hereinbefore mentioned by him or her received, if within five Miles of London^ then to the Head Office there, or to such other Place within the Bills of Mortality as the Commissioners of the Stamp-duties shall appoint; and if beyond the Distance of five Miles from London, then to such Places, and at such Tunes, as the Collector appointed to collect such Duties shall require, and deliver up, or cause to be delivered up* such Tickets to the Receiver-general or Collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper who shall have received such Stamp-office Tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cause to be brought, such Tickets, at the Times and Places aforesaid, shall, upon Demand made at the Gate of such Turnpike, deliver such Tickets to the Collector to be appointed by the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as aforesaid; and if any oil-gate Keeper shall refuse to deliver up all and every such Stamp office Tickets, so received by him or her, upon such Demand as aforesaid, every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for each Ticket he or she shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Toll-gate Keeper shall neglect or refuse to receive from any Person or Persons any Ticket or Tickets, hereby directed to be delivered to such Toll-gate Keeper as aforesaid, or shall negledfc or refuse to file the same, every such Toll-gate Keeper, so neglecting or refusing, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner herein after directed.

XXXI. And, in order to prevent any collusive or fraudulent Practices in Toll-gate Keepers, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Toll-gate Keeper shall ask, demand, or receive, or agree to take or accept, any less Sum or Sums of Money than he or she is hereby authorised to ask, demand, and receive, and retain to his own Use, every such Toll-gate Keeper shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the Manner herein after appointed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Inn— keeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, not residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at the Times and at the Places to be mentioned at the Foot of the lirft: Licence granted to him, her, or them, when the same shall be delivered, and afterwards at the Foot of every Receipt which shall be given by the Collector for the Money paid in by him, her, or them, on Account of the said Duties, attend, and there deliver in and pass his Account, and pay the Duty received; by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, to the Collector so appointed to collect the same: Provided that no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the Payment of the said Duties, or other Cause: whatsoever touching or concerning the same, if he, she, or they live in a Market-town, out of the said Town, or if he, she, or they live out of a Market-town, then to no other Place than to the Market-town nearest to his, her, or their Habitation.

XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to apy Horses used in Hackney-coaches, licenced pursuant to several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, where the Horses drawing such Hackney-coaches shall be employed to go to no greater Difiance than ten Miles from the Cities of London and Westminster* and the Suburbs thereof.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage, shall be deemed to be hired to travel Post, within the tiue Intent and Meaning of this Act, although the Pe. son or Persons hiring the same do not go or travel several Stages upon Poll-road, or change Horses; and although, at the Stage or Place at or to which such Horse shall be hired there shall not be any Poit-house; and although there shall not be any Post settled or established on tho Road, or any Part thereof, upon which such Horse shall be hired to go* any Thing here in-be fore contained, or any Law or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, licensed to let Boiles in Manner aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for his x>r her Executors, Administrators, or other Persons succeeding to such Inn, House, or other Place, to let Horses to Hire in Manner aforesaid, until such Time as such Person shall procure such Licence, and give such Security as herein-before directed, without being liable to the Penalty here in-before inflicted upon tho Persons letting Horses for Hire without being licensed in that Behalf, provided that such Licence be taken, out within thirty Days after the Death of such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person; and such Person or Persons shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Charges, and liable to account, and tea the Payment of the same Rates and Duties hereby imposed, as such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, was subject and liable to.

XXXVI. And, for the more effectual taking an Account of the several Duties imposed by this Act; ‘ and preventing Frauds therein,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August* every Postmaster, Innkeeper, and other Person, so licensed to let Horses as aforesaid, shall, at the respective Times of delivering their Accounts to, the Commissioners, or other Person appointed by them to receive the same, at the Head Office, or to the Collector or Collectors authorised by the said Commissioners to receive the same, and the Money due therein, make Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation, before such Commissioners, or other Ferlon appointed as aforesaid, or Collector or Collectors, who aie hereby respectively authorised and impowered

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 51. 585

to administer such Oath and Affirmation, to the Truth of the Accounts theft delivered, in the

'orm following:

I A.B. do swear, (or affirm, as the Case may require)% That the several weekly Accounts now by me The Oath,

delivered of the Duties arising upon Hories, whion I have let for the Purpose of travelling Post, or

other wise, from the Day of to the Day of. as far as the same

have been entered and kept by me, are fair, just, and true Accounts; and as far as they have been entered and kept by any other Person or Persons, verily believe to be true.

So help me GOD.’

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first No Person AalF Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Person who shall keep any four-wheeled out for Hire Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Post-coach, or by what Name soever such Car- or Pon^coTcb^ riage or Carriages now are, or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the &c without*

I nude thereof any Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, from Stage to Stage, or from Licence,

Place to Place, or who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafti with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or other Machine, by what Name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as public Stage-Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers, for Hire, to and from different Places within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall let out the same for such Purpose, without having fitft obtained a Licence under the Hands of two of the said Commissioner, for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Time such Diligence, or other Machine, shall be so on Penalty of 51. used, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed for each offence.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of Commissioner*

this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by of Stamp-dut e* Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences, to grant such under their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons who shall apply for the same, to let out for Hire p7r7»w*0o shall any such Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, directed to be licensed by virtue of this Act, for the Space- apply for them. of one Year, to commence from the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon

all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences, to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of August y to commence from the Day of, the Date of such Licences; which Licences robe said Licence shall be renewed at least ten Days previous to the Expiration of the Year for which it was granted \ and if the Person or Persons so licensed shall continue to let out for Hire such Diligence, or Expiradon, other Machine, Coach, or other Carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, he, she, or they shall, in the same Manner, renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for such Licence, and so yearly and every Year, as long as he, she, or they shall continue to let out such Diligence,.

or other Machine, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, so licensed OnlyemeDHi-

to let out Diligences, Coaches, or other Carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, shall, by virtue Of one g«, ©e. tobr> Licence, keep more than one Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, for the Purposes aforesaid. kept by virtue of

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, lic^nffd Per-so licensed to use any Diligence, or other Machine, for the Purpose of conveying in the Inside thereof any fons ^"ay Number of Passenger$, not exceeding four, as aforesaid, or any Coach or Coaches, Carriage or Carriages, Halfpenny for to be employed as public Stage-coaches as aforesaid, (frail yield and pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- every Mile their ceflors, the Sum of one Halfpenny for every Mile every such Diligence, Machine, Coach or Coaches, or Diligence, other Carriage or Carnages, shall be so used or travel as aforesaid. ^al1 trav€l

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons,

and shall declare,

so licensed to use such Diligence or Machine as aforesaid, or any Coach or Coaches, or other Car- ^benthey re-riage or Carriages, to be employed as public Stage coaches as aforesaid, dial], at the Time of receiving etner* to^and" such Licence, declare from what Place and to what Place such Diligence or Machine, Coach or Coaches, from what Placet or other Carriage or Carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, is intended to be used, distinguishing the it is intended to Distance or Number of Miles between the two extreme Towns or other Places such Diligence, Coach or be used, and how-Coaches, or other Carriage or Carriages, is to go, and the Number of Journies each such Diligence, oftcIU Coach or Coaches, or other Carriage or Carriages, is so intended to be used, either in the Diy, or in the Week, as the Case may happen to be, that the same may be inserted in such Licence; and all and every Person or Persons so licensed for such Purpose as aforesaid, shall give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of twenty Pounds, with a Condition for the faithful accounting for and paying such Sums as may be due for the Journies such Diligence, Coach or Coaches, or other Carriage or Carriages, may have so made.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Diligences, Coaches, or other All Diligence* Carriages, directed to be licensed by virtue of this Act, that shall go from London or Westminster to any A>c* roins 10 or Place in the Country, or that shall come from the Country to any Place in London or Westminster^ shall be licensed by the Commissioners, or some Person authorised by them, at the Head Office in Lincolns Inn, or be licensed wherever else the same may be held. at the Stanp.

XLIII. And, in regard it may be difficult to ascertain the Number of Times such licensed Diligences, office.

or other Carriages, to be employed for the Purpose of carrying any Number of Passengers, not exceeding Discretionary fourj making short Stages, may go in a Day/ it b hereby provided and enacted, That the Commissioners ^owtrs v^ed in for managing the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them, or such Officers as they shall appoint in that BchaTf, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to make such Allowances, as shall appear to be g^c^&c PVt5*

S86

ingind repassing within 11 Miles of London,

TtieName of the Owner of every Diligence, See, to be painted on the Outside of each Door. Where and when the Duties arising from Diligences, Scc, shall be paid,

Licenced Proprietor of any Diligence, &c. to give seven Days Notice before he discontinue the same,

Postmaflerv, Sec to be allowed 3d. in the Pound out of the Monies to be accounted for nod paid by them.

Penalty on forging any Ticket, or uttering the same.

Application of

Prnalticsif sued

for within three Months.

Pecuniary Penalties amounting to 201. where to be sued dor.

All Penalties, not sued for within three Months, to belong to hisMa-

Any Justice m»] determine any O.fence again&

C. 51. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

just, to any Person or Persons licensed toufe any Diligence or Carriage as aforesaid, where the Distance to be expressed in their Licence does not exceed twelve measured Mile?, upon Oath made by the Owner of such Diligence, or other Carriage as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or such Officers so be appointed, as to the Number of Journies actually made io a Day by such Diligence or other Carriage, where the same shall differ from the Number exp relied in such Licences; which Oath the said Commissioners, or the Collectors authorised by them to receive the said Duty, are hereby impowered to administer, and to examine into all the Circumstances relative toahe Number of Journies so made by such Diligence, or other Carriage as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to make such Regulations, with respect to such Diligences, or other Carriages, where such Allowances are applied for, as they shall, from Time to Time, find necessary, as well for the effectual securing the Duties on such Diligences, or other Carriages, as doing Justice to the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons so licensed to use every such Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside Pannel of each Door thereof, before he, she, or they shall use the same for the Purpose aforesaid, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, mentioning the Place from whence they set out, and to which they are going, in plain and legible Characters; and every Proprietor of every such Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, licensed to go from London to any other Place, or from any other Place to London, shall, on the first Monday in every Month, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, unless the same he an Holiday, and then on the next Day, not being an Holiday, clear the said Duties charged and become due by virtue of this Act, by paying the same to the Receiver-general of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Duties, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in Lincoln's. Inn, or wherever else the same may be held; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be licensed from any Town in the Country to any other Town than London, then such Proprietors shall clear the faift Duties by paying the same to the Person duly authorised, by Commission under the Hands and Seals of three of his Majesty's Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, to receive the lame, under the Penalty of five* Pounds.

XLV. Provided always, That every such licensed Proprietor or Proprietors of any Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, who shall lay down and discontinue the Use of the same, shall give Notice; in Writing, seven Days at the lead before he, she, or they shall lay down or discontinue the same, and shall have such Notice indorsed upon the Back of such his, her, or their Licence or Licences, or upon the Bond so to be given as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on Payment of all Arrears, shall be no longer charged w chargeable for the same.

XLVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rccefoer-gerleral"it th* IJead Office, and the said other Collectors duly appointed to receive the Duties hereby impoied, shall make an Allowance to the several Postmasters, Innkeepers, and other Persons, licensed by virtue of tbist Act td let Horses for Hire, by the Mile, Stage, or Day, for all Monies by them paid on account of the Duties by this Act imposed on Horses so hired as aforesaid; and they shall be intitled respectively to dedud for their own Use, at and after the Rate of three Pence in the Pound, out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such Receiver-general or other Collector, according to the Directions herein* before contained. -

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely make; forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any Ticket, by this Act authorised or directed to be used, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter or publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Ticket, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and applied as herein-before directed and declared.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty being incurred) in Manner following; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such pecuniary Penalties, which shall amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds or more, shall be sued for in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland) for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Drvifionor Distribution of the Penalties as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting for the same within the Time herein -before for that Purpose limited; and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have or be intitled to any Part or Share of such Penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be recoverable in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, redding near the Place where the Offence shall be committed,

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 51. 587

to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty thli Aa, if the not amounting to twenty Pounds; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon Penalty n«t any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also e*coed 20 the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wit-nelles, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this Act is direct ed, and to award and issue out his Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found Efficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and rf any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Personi adjudgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the grimed »P* Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be fam- Penalty on wjr-moned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching neflVs who shall any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons 10 *PPea^ accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, ed cximia~ without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice ' or Justices of the Peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as are herein-before directed as to other Penalties

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Summonses HTued by any Justice Summonf« of of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, against the Owners or Proprietors of any Diligences, Coaches, or the P'oprietort other Carriages, required to be licensed by this Act, that shall be left at the Inn, or other Place, where &cDicft vviVh^the the Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage shall put up, with the Book-keeper, or other Person who shall Book* keeper, keep the Books for taking Places in such Diligences, Coaches, or other Carriages, shall be deemed good &c. be* Service on the Owners or Proprietors of such Diligences, Coaches, or other Carriages, although such -deemed good Owners or.Proprietors shall not have a Residence or Habitation at such Inn or Place. Senwcc,

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Conviction in the Form, and to thie t

Effect following (mutatis mutandis), as the Case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual, to all r,

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Case, or the Fafts or Evidence, in any particular Manner; that is to say:

DE it remembered, that on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

at in the County of A. B came before me C.D. Esquire, one of his Ma* Form of Coa-

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was com- vision,

mi tied, and informed me that E. F. of on the Day of now last past,

c at irv the said County [here set forth the Fast for which the Information is laid]; whereupon

the said E.F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the Day of at in the said County, and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared he was not guilty of the said Offence [or, as the Case may happen \ 4 to beJ, did not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons [or, did neglect and refuse to make any

Defence against the said Charge], but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness [or, as the Case may happen to bs]^ acknowledged and voluntarily con felled the same to be truer * and it manifestly appears tome that he, the said E. F1 is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information; I do therefore hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and ad- judge that he, the said E.F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid, so be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

LV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he j,ftice may shall see Cause, to mitigate and lefien any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges t)k,ate the Pc* } of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always naUie*. allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before Receiver-Rene* granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of r*\ of Sump-the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of to Par tte the several, Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as £4Cilcqufr# the l>«rties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in Auiilortok,p* jho Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kepi a Book or Books, in which all the

fc| ante Actcuot v Monies thereof.

j88

Tart of an Act of 9 Anns repealed.

Persons sued for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, may plead the General Issue, and recover Treble Coda.

[Preamble.]

After July 5, lyStf, an additional Duty of sd. per Pound to be paid 00 Importation of Starch, and on Hair Powder made of Starch, &c.

which Duty shall be Liable to the additional 5 per Cent, g' anted by 19 Geo. III.

Cap. 25.

Ho Drawback to be ail med on

Exportation. Hew Duties to be levied and recovered a« the former one*.

After July 5, 17S0, an addition-! Duty of ] d. per Pound to be paid for all Starch n ade in Great Britain. The afore ft id

Du i?$ to I e paid so< all Sta'ch n H md on July 5, I7S0.

Starchrmk-ts, £/c to make due htry of such ‘ tcclr, on Penalty of 501, and Forfeiture thereof i

C. 52. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate, and apart from all other Monies paid or payable, to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund far the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of tl&last Session of Parliament* intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and ft* establishing a Lottery

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post- office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the Wary and other her Majesty's Occasions, as retrains any Persons, other than the Postmaster-general for the Time being, and the respective, Deputies and Substitutes of such Postmaster-general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to Hire, or furnishing Horses or Furniture for riding Pod within thin Kingdom, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afarefaitL That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff# become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him. or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Imposts and Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may, be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, hie Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Starch, and upon Hair Powder made of Starch, or other Powder that will serve for the same uses as Starch, which, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereupon), the Sum of two Pence for every Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; which said additional Impost or Duty shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance, on Importation; and shall be also subject and-liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner as the" additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum is granted to his Majesty, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of several Dutier under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Exeije in Great Britain), are directed; to be collected and paid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties herein-before granted, shall be repaid or drawn back upon the Exportation of the said Starch, Hair Powder, or other Powder 5 and that the said Duties shall be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, in such f Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, as the former Imposts or Duties of Custom on Starch and Hair Powder imported, are now raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, in such Acts, had been repeated and again enabled in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all Starch of what Kind soever, which, at any Time after the said fifth Day ofjuly^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be made within the Kingdom of Great Britain, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and pud unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of one Penny for every Pound Weight, confiding of sixteen Ounces of avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; the same to be paid determined by the Makers thereof respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Starch which any Starchmakers, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, or for his, her, or their Use, shall be poffdled of, and interested ;n, upon the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, for Sale, there shall be yielded and paid to his Majesty the like respective Rates as are by this Act to be paid for the like Sorts of Starch respectively, to be made or imported after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and that all and every the said St^rehmakers, and all and every other Person and Persons who, in Trust for them, or any of them, or for the Use of them, or any of them, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Post’eflion, or in his, her, or their Workhouse, Warehouse, Stoichouse, Shop-room, or other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven*

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 52. ss9

hundred and eighty, any Stock, Parcel, or Quantity of Starch, of Foreign or British Manufacture, for Sale, shall, on or before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, make a true And particular Entry thereof, at the Office for the said Duties on Starch, within the Limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Starch for which no such Kntry shall have been made 5 and within six Days after he, she, or they shall have made, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties hereby payable for such Starch, or, within the Laid six Days, shall give Security to the proper Officers for paying the same Duties, to his Majesty's Use, within three Months then next ensuing5 and in case the said Duties for such Stock of Starch be paid down within the said six Days, then there shall be allowed out of the said Duty, for such Prompt Payment, an Allowance, after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Time of three Months; and that all and every such Starchmakers who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment, or to give such Security for Payment, of the said Duties upon his, her, or their Stock of Starch, within the Time by this Act limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit double the Sum of the said Duty which should have been’ so paid or secured as aforesaid: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper‘Officers for the same Duties respectively, to take a true and particular Account of all such Stock, or Quantities of Starch, as any Starchmaker, or others in Trull for them, shall, on the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, have or be pofllfled of; and for that Purpose shall be permitted, in the Day-time, to enter into any Workhouse, Warehouse, Dwelling-house, Ouchouse, or other Places belonging to such Starchmaker, who are hereby required to permit such Officer and Officers upon Requtrt to make such Entrance on the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or afterwards at any Time after the Duty lad mentioned shall be paid or secured, and to take an Account of the Quantity of such Starch, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds: And if any Maker of Starch, having, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Stock ork Quantity of Starch chargeable by this Act as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the same, or any Part thereof, before the Duties thereupon shall be paid or secured as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any Part of his, her, or their said Stock of Starch, then, and in every such Case, he, she, or they, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty rounds; and in every such Case, the Starch so removed or concealed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of the Officers for the said Duties; and the Person in whose Custody such Stock of Starch shall be found, who shall not, before the Discovery thereof, give Notice, at the next Office for the said Duties on Starch, of the Stock or Quantity of Starch so in his, her, or their Custody, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight; which said several Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, iby such Ways and Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, and his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Barrel of Liquor made within the Kingdom of Great Britain^ for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from-Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, for which nq Duty hath been already paid, or shall he paid on or before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, an additional Duty, of six Shillings, to be paid by the Makers thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties hereby imposed on British made Starch and on Sweets, as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such Management, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Powers for recovering the same, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, and with like Drawbacks on British made Starch exported, as the former Duties on Starch made in Great Britain, and on Sweets reflectively, are now raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the Diregions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force respecting the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Qfredions, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several additional Duties herein-before granted on British made Starch, and on Sweets or made Wines, shall be moreover subject fend liable to an additional Duty or Impolt of five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof j and that such additional Duty or Import of five Pounds per Centum shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways and Means, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the fast Session of Parliament, ihrituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Comr thijTtontri of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, are directed to be collected and paid.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imports and Duties by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time be paid ii\tO thfe Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs and Excise in England respectively for the Time being; apd such Receivers-general respectively shall weekly, to wit, otiWfdnesday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then on the V01. XIII. Part IV. 4 G next

and wi hin fix D.iys alter, topif the D>itie«, or to give Security for p^yirg them int ihrcf^lonths#

Penalty on Ne-gket.

Officers to fake an Account of Stock io Hand, and for that Purpose may enter Warehouses, &c. in the Day. time.

If any Starch-maker shall remove or conceit any Part of hit Stock, before the Duties are paid or secured, he fcall forfeit *ol« and all such Starch so removed or conc-aled. Penalty on the Person in whose Custody such Starch iLall be found.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be rettjvered and applied.

After July 5, 1780, an additional Duty of 6 s. per Barrel to be paid by the Makers of Sweets for Sale#

New Duties on British made Starch and Sweets to be levied and recovered, Arc, in the former Duties;

and to be liable to the additional 5 p:rCent. granted by T9 Geo. III. Cap. 15.

New Duties to be paid into the Exchequer weekly.

_by

590

Atri'for to keep a separate Account of all Monies paid ii^y virtue of this Act.

Application

thereof*

Persons sued in Execution of this Act may plead the General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

C. 53, 54. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies arising by (he said additional Imports and Duties, the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same only excepted^ into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Re-ceivers-general respectively mall (receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Urea and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Imports and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, uporv any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

X. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and mayplead the General Blue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit* then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty. 1,900,000l.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and date the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the prelenc Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public Money; and in whae more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Duties, Taxes, and Monies, Have been of late Years granted, ralfed, and appropriated, for the public Service of this Kingdom: And whereas the present Method of accounting for the Receipts, Issues, and Expenditure of the same, is attended with great Delay and Expence, and many and very extensive Accounts remain unsettled, from whence great Inconvenience and

Loss to the Public arise: Wherefore, to the Intent that his Majesty, and the People of this Kingdom* may be satisfied and truly informed whether all the said Duties, Taxes, and Monies, so as aforesaid

granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public Service of this Kingdom, have been faithfully issued out, disposed, ordered, and expended, for the Ends and Purposes for which they were granted; and also ‘ to the Intent that the Balances remaining in the Hands of the different Accountants may, as soon as

possible, be applied to the Use and Benefit of the Public, and that the Defects in the present Method of

collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for the said Duties, Taxes, and Monies, may be corrected and amended, and that a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Method of collecting, iflu- ing, expending, and accounting for the same, may from henceforth be established / be it enacted by tho King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

Commissionert poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai Imin"a'nd ftjte" Lieutenant General Sir Guy Carhton, Thomas Afiguish Esquire, Arthur Pigot Esquire, Richard Neav+ thepubJlr Ac- Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, sames Tierney Esquire, and George Drummond Esquire, or any three or counts cfih* more of them, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for examining, taking, and dating. Jttngdoau the Accounts of all Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public Service of this Kingdom, which have been issued to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose final Accounts have not hitherto been passed before the Auditor of the Imprert, according to the Forms of the Exchequer, or whose Accounts, although passed, have been for Services which have been performed since the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also of all such Duties, Taxes, and Monies, which shall hereafter be granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public Service of this Kingdom, at any Time before the Determination of this present Act, and of all Arrears thereof; and also for examining and (lacing in what Manner, and at what Times, the Receipts, Issues, and Expenditures of the said public Monies are now accounted for; and for considering oP, and reporting by what Means and Methods the public Accounts may in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances or Monies due from them in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Manner.

Comnuffionert,

II. And, to the Intent that (he Public may sooner avail themselves of some of the Advantages intended 1 to derived from this Act/ be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the first Place, count of public" ta^e an Account of the public Monies in the Hands of the several Accountant*, and for that Purpose shall Monies in the call on them to deliver in a Cash Account, and shall consider what Sum it may be proper to leave in the

K»nds of these- Hands of each Accountant respectively for carrying on the Services to which the same is or may be applicable,

mm*, 4c.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 54. 591

and what Sums may be taken out of their Hands to be diTposed of by Parliament for the public Service all which they are hereby directed to report to his Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, in the next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, authorised, and required, to examine upon Oath (which Oath they* or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer) the Auditors, and all other the Officers of the Exchequer; the Commissioners, and all other Officers of the Treasury 5 the Commissioners, and all other the Officers of the Admiralty 5 the Paymaster General and Deputy Paymasters of his Majesty's Army, and all other the Officers in the Office of the said Paymaster; his Majesty's Secretary at War, and all other Officers dependent upon him and under his Controul; the Treasurer of his Majesty's I^avy^and all other the Officers io the Office of the said Treasurer 5 and the Comptrollers, Commissioners, and Surveyor of his Majesty's Navy, and all other Officers dependent upon or under the Controul of the said Comptrollers, Commissioners, and Surveyor; the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, and all other the Officers dependent upon or under the Controul of the said Commissioners; the Master General, Lieutenant General, Surveyor General, and Officers composing the Board of Ordnance, and all other the Officers dependent upon or under the Controul of the said Master General, Lieutenant General, and Surveyor General, or Board of Ordnance; the Commissioners, Collectors, Receivers, and all other the Officers and Persons concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing the several Branches of the public Revenue; and also all Commanders in Chief of his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, and all Governors, Commissaries, or other Persons having the Power of granting Warrants, or of issuing, disbursing, or expending Money belonging to the Public, or of drawing Bills, or making Contracts, or purchasing Provisions or Stores, or other Necessaries, or who have granted Warrants, issued, disbursed, or expended Money belonging to the Public, or drawn Bills, or made Contracts, or purchased Provisions, Stores, or other Necessaries, for the Supply of his Majesty's Forces by Sea or by Land, or for the Defence of the Islands or Places where they respectively have had or have Commands; and all other Commissnies, Muster-masters, and Agents, and all Persons whatever, who have been concerned or employed in transporung, victualling, clothing, or supplying his Majesty's Forces by Sea or by Land, or in remitting Money for the Ute of the same; and all other Persons whom the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching the Receipt, Issue, Expenditure, and Manner of accounting for the Duties, Taxes, and Monies, so granted, raifld, and appropriated, and touching all other Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by the said Act; all which Officers and Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time or Place as they, of any three or more of them, shall appoint, and also to observe and execute such Orders and Directions as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall make or give for the Purposes before mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby impowered to examine into any corrupt and fraudulent Pi actices, or other Misconduct, committed by any Person or Persons concerned in the Management of any of the Duties, Taxes, or Monies, so granted, raised, or appropriated, as aforesaid; and for the better Exe-

Commifllanen to examine, on Oath, the Auditors, and all other Officer* of the Exchequer, Commissioner* of the I reafuiy, Adourakjr, itc.

and also Commanders in Chief by Sea or Land, Governor*, Commiflakctt db€«

All which Officers, Scc. are bo attend the Coot* ir.iffiof err, and execute their Orders. Caamissionera impoweted to examine into any frau mlent Practices in the MA

cution of this present Act, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised nagerremotpub-to meet and fir, from Time to Time, in the old Secretary of State’s Office at lt'r!utthally or in any other *»c Monies.

Their Place of

Mreting.

M y itnd for

papers or

COldi.

Commissionerf may appoint Cleric^ dec. and allow them S*» Uric#.

w|*

Place where they shall think fit, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts, tinder their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever \ and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, as they shall judge necessary, for their Information relating to the Accounts, Matters, and Things aforesaid; and all Bailiffs, Constables, Sheriffs, and other his Majesty's Officers, are hereby required to obey 2nd execute such Orders and Precepts aforesaid, as shall be sent to them, or any of them, by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, touching the Premises: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trust nposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises; which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such their Service, other than such Salary or Reward as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that Bffialf.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, at their Dif- Commissioneei cretion, or as of en as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the Determination of Ac.

their.Examinations and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their count of their Proceedings, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament; and shall in like Manner repoit to his Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, an exact State of the Fees or Gratuities paid or given in collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for the said public Monies, and the Authority under which such Fees and Gratuities aie paief or received; and also what Defcds they have observed, during the Course of their Examinations and Proceedings by-wirtue of this Act, in the present Mode of contracting for public Services, or of executing public Services by Agents, or of collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for the public Monies; and whether the said Defcds arise from any Omission or Misdirection in the Laws respecting the Course used in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or from any Defect in the Constitution in the Offices of the Auditors of the Imprtft, or from the Want of a sufficient Number of fit and able Assistants employed by the said Auditors, in the Execution of their Offices; or from any Defect in the Constitution of any of the Offices concerned in issuing, expending, and Accounting for the Money appropriated to the public Service, or from a Want of a sufficient Power to

Proceedings to bit Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament. Enumeration of Particular! to be contained Lnfuck Account.

59* C. ^5*. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

compel the fevml Accountants to pass their respective Accounts without Delay, or from any other, and what Cause; and shall in like Manner report to his Majesty, and ro both Houses of Parliament, such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as in their Judgment shall appear fit and expedient to be established, in order that the Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted* raised, and appropriated, for the public Service of* this Kingdom, may hereafter be received, issued, expended, and accounted for, in the Manner the most expeditious, most effectual, most beneficial and advantageous to the Public.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner by this Act, shall accept of er°to hoid!lc^vil or.hold any Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure from or under his Majesty during the Continuance of *office of Profit this Act* during Pleasure under his Majesty.

Any three of the

VII. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said Commissioners in this Act, before they enter Commissionerato Upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before* the Chancellor of l^e Rafter the Rolls for the Time being (which they and either of them are hereby authorised and the Exchequer, required to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say),

Ac.

The Oath, c J A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially*.

and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts veiled in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take% and fate the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and t* report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what\ 4 Defects there are in the present Mode- of receiving, collectings issuing, and accounting for public Moneys and *in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated. 4 and carried on for the Benefit of the Public; according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*

The said three Commissioners to administer the O-ith to the rest..^ Lords of the Tresfuiy may pay x,oooo 1. to the Order of t}ie Commissioners* Application Ifrcrrpf,

fexeevtors of

Accountants to ttend Commissioners, and execute then Orders* Continuance of this Act»

And every other of the said Commissioners in the Act named shall likewise take the same Oath before the said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same after they (halt, themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord Hight Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and reauired to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums* of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the public Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sums so ifftied and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges-in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hand? and Seals, in that Behalf; the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the same on the passing of the said Accounts, other, than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them? shall appoint.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any such public Accountant is dead, the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Accountant shall, when required thereto by the Commissioners, or any three or* more of them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Directions of the£ said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this Act are required to do.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining, and dating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the Space of onel: Year from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer.

CAP. LV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool, and other Articles*, to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Recital of an Act (3 and 14

e

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act against the exporting of Sheep, JVgoI, JVcolfellss Mort-4' lings, Shortings, Yarn made of Wool, Woolfiocksy Fullers-earths Fulling Clays and Tobacco-pipe Clays it is*

amongst other Things, enacted, That no racks, Sacks, Bags, or Cask, of any Wool, Wool- fcLs, Mort*

lings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay,

shall belaid or loaded onany Horse, Cart, or other Carriage whosoever, or shall be carried or conveyed by Land to or from any Place or Places within the Kingdom of Englands Town of Berwick, or Dominion aforesaid, nor after the first: Day of Januarys one thousand six hundred and sixty-two, in the Kingdom of Ireland, but in the Day-time, and at seasonable Hours; that is to say, from and after the first Day of March to the nine and twentieth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of Four of the Clock.in the Morn- ing and Eight of the CIbck in the Evening; and from the nine and twentieth Day of September to the fir It Day of Adarch yearly, between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Five of the Clock in the Evening, under the Penalty of the Loss and Forfeiture of all such Goods, or the Value thereof:

And whereas, since the making the said recited Act, several other Regulations and Restrictions have been

established, by various other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, to prevent the Exportation of.

Wool* and the other Articles heieia-before.mentioned; and it has been found yery inconvenient, and

a ? U*

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 56. $93

c in many Cases impracticable, for the Growers and Manufacturers of and Dealers in Wool to remove their Wool to be manufactured, or to the public Fairs and Markets in Great Britain, within the Times

and Hours limited by the said Act of Parliament herein-before recited, without such an additional Delay

and Expence to the Proprietors as would be greatly prejudicial and injurious to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted / and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confemof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, so much Part of the recited.

of the herein-before recited Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign Aa

of King Charles the Second, as restrains the carrying or conveying of Wool, Wool-fells, Mortlings, Shorlings. Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, within the Times and Hours in the said Act mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void;

but such Wool, Wool-fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-earth,

Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, shall, in all other Respects, be subject and liable to the several Restrictions and Regulations prescribed by the said recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament respectively relating thereto which are now in Force, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England. trading to the East Indies, fora further Time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for reviving, and continuing for a further Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as hath expired in the Course of the present Year and for indemnifying the said Company for any Money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the building of three Ships of tha Line for the Service of the Public.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, pasted in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be Reciul of ifr- advanced and applied, in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Belief of the United Geo. III. Cip*. 4 Comtia?y of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, it was directed, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, should cause to be prepared and made any Number of Exchequer Bills, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, to be lent, advanced, and issued, as in the said Act was directed, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas by the said Act it was declared, That in the then Circumstances of the East India Company, it would not be in their Power to provide for the Repayment of the Loan aforesaid, and for establishing their Affairs upon a more secure Foundation for the Time to come, unless the Public should agree to forego, for the present Time, all Participation in the Profits arising from the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and therefore it was by the said Act enacted, That, until the aforesaid Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds should be repaid, and the Bond Debt of the Company be reduced to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, the whole clear Profits arising from the aforesaid territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenue and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences, of the said Company, should, from Time to Time, be disposed of and applied in the Manner as in the said Act was directed; that is to say; Until the aforesaid Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds should be repaid, and so long as the said Sum, or any Part thereof, should remain unpaid, there should, in the first Place, be set apart and applied, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, such a Sum as might be sufficient for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company; and all the Surplus of the Lid clear Revenues and Profits should be applied io Diminution of the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pound?, or such Part thereof as should be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the Charges incurred in respect thereof; and after the Repayment of the Whole of the Mo- ney so advanced and applied as aforesaid, and until the Bond Debt of the said Company should be re- duced to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, there should in like Manner be set apart and applied, in the first Plate, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, such Sum as might be fuf- ficient for anfivering n Dividend not exceeding the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital S-ock of the said Company; after which all the Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits should be applied in reducing the Bond Debt of the said Company: And whereas the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds has been repaid and fully discharged, and all the Charges incur;ed in respect thereof have been defrayed, and the Bond Debt of the said Company has been re- duced to, or under, the Sum of one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, whereby the Circumstances^ Sa.Consideration whereof it was in the aforesaid Act declared, that the Public should agree to forego,.

- ?*fecr

59+

C. 56. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

1 for the then present Time, all Participation in the Profit arising from the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, have ceased and are determined; but whereas, notwithstanding, it may be expedient that the aforesaid territorial Acquisitions and Revenues should, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions and Restrictions, remain in the Poffdfion of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ani by the Authority of the same, That all the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, for and during the Term of one Year, to be computed from the fifth Day of April\ in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the said Term, the whole clear Profits arising from the fakl territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of Imereft, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences, of the said Company, shall be disposed of and applied in Manner following; (that is to say). It shall and may be lawful, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, to set apart and apply, in the first Place, such Sum as may be sufficient for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company; after which the whole Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits shall be reserved and await any future Agreement that may be made between the Public and the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act,

the said United Company do cause, and they are hereby directed and required to cause, to be made up half-yearly, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case will admit, a Statement or Account of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said Company in England, exclusive of their Bond Debt, to the fit ft Day of September, and the first Day of March; the first of such Statements or Accounts to be made up from the first Day of March to the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and to transmit such Statement or Account fairly wiirten, and signed by two or more of the Directors of the said United Company, within twenty-one Days after the Day to which such Statement or Account shall be made up respectively, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, or their Successors, or any of their Officers or Servants on their Account, to accept or otherwise bind the said Company, or their Successors, for the Payment of any

Sum drawn on. Bill or Bills of Exchange, drawn by any of their Officers or Servants, at any of their Prefulcncies in the East Indies, for any Sum exceeding the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of Certificates, to the Amount of eight thousand Pounds, to the Commanders and Officers of each of the Company'* Ships, without the: Consent and Order first had and obtained of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being; who are hereby respectively authorised to give such Consent, or to make such Order thereon, as they shall judge expedient; and every Acceptance or Engagement made contrary to the true Meaning and Intent of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And whereas by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for efla- bliflnng certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, it was, among other Things, enacted, That, for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in BengaU there should be appointed a Governor-general and four Counsellors, and that the whole Civil and Military Government of the said Presidency, and also the Ordering, Management, and Government, of all the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, should, during fqch Time as the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues should remain in the Possession of the said United Company, be vested in the said Governor-general and Council of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also that the Governor-general, and four first Coun- fellors, appointed by the said Act, should each of them hold and continue in his and their respective Offices, for ani during the Term of five Years from the Time of their Arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the Government of the said Presidency, and should not be removeable in the mean Time, except by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Representation made by the Court of Directors for the said United Company for the Time being: And whereas it may be expedient that the said Regulation should be revived, and extended to the Person and Persons who, at the Time of passing this Act, shall have and enjoy the respective Offices of Governor-general, and Counsellor* 4 of the said Presidency;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person and Persons who, at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have and enjoy the Office and Offices of Governor-general and Councilors of the said Presidency, shall hold and continue in his and their respective Office* for and during the Continuance of this Act, and shall not be removeable in the mean Time, except by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Representation made by the Court of Dircdors for the said United Company for the Time being; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the Powers and Authorities vefTd by the said Act in the first Governor-general and four first Counsellors by the said Act appointed, and shall be subject to the said Restrictions and Limitations as by the said Act the first Governor-general and fnft four Counsellors were made subject; and that in case of the Avoidance of the Offices of such Governor-general, or any of the said Councilors, such Office shall be respectively supplied in the same Manner

All the territorial Acquisitions ami Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, to remain in Poffillion of the Company till April 5, 1781.

No Dividend to be made by the Company, before April 5, 1781, of more than eight per Cent* per Ann,

The Company are to cause to be made up half-yearly, dunng the Continuance of th s Act, an Account of the Profit and Loss upon their Trade, &c. which shall be tr nfmittrd to the Commissioners of the Treasury.

The Company reflrUted from accepting Bills above ascertain

them by their Officers, &c. in the East Indies, without the Consent of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

Recital of 13 Oo. III. Cap. «3-

The Governor-

gmeral and Ccunfw*ilors of the Presidency of Fort W ill am shall continre in ihfir Offices during the Conti* nuance of this Act, cacept they should be removed by his Majesty, &c.

J95

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 57,58.

as the same Office would by the said Act have been supplied, during the Remainder of the Term of five Years which was computed from the Time that the first Governor-general and four fit it Counsellors took upon them the Government of the said Presidency.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend; dr be construed to extend, to affect the Rights of the Crown, or of the said Company, after the Expiration of this Act; but that the same shall remain, continue, and be, in the same State and Condition in all Respects, as though this Act had never been made.

VII. And whereas the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies^ have resolved to build three Ships of the Line of Battle for the Use of the Public, and great Prog refs hath been

made in building the said Ships, the Expences whereof will amount to a very considerable Sum of Money: And whereas by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing in

the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limit'd lime,

and under certain Conditions, the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing^ for a limited Time, so much of an made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Ahuirs €‘ of the East India Company, as well in India as in Eurcme, as will expire in the Course of the presentiear,

the said United Company are restrained from disponng of the Revenues and Profits of the said Cora-

pany, otherwise than in the said Act is particularly mentioned; and it is necessary that the said United c Company should be indemnified with respect to any Sum or Sums of Money which they have already

paid, or may hereafter pay, on Account of building the said Ships :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall be, and they are hereby fully indemnified, exone* rated, and discharged, for and upon Account of all such Sum and bums of Money as they already h\v$ paid, or may hereafter pay, for any Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in building the said three Ship^ for the Use of the Public; any Thing herein-before, or in any other Law or Statute, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and all other%Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Europa, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

WHEREAS great Part of the Coffee imported by the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, in the Ship Europa, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fe- venty-five, which remained unfold on the sixth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and other Parts of such Coffee which hath been sold by the said United Company, yet remains uncleared

in their Warehouses belonging to the Buyers thereof, and which, by reason of the Interruption given to

Trade, by the Rebellion and Disturbances subsisting in several of the British Colonies in North America

the Proprietors of such Coffee may not be able to export within the Term of three Years from the Im-% portation thereof, being the Time limited by Law to entitle them to receive the Drawback of the Duties thereon; and it is reasonable and necessary that some further Time should be granted for the Exportation of such Coffee; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the said Coffee, imported by the said Ship Europa, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and now remaining uncleared in the said Company’s Warehouses, shall be exported to any ParC6 beyond the Seas at any Time within seven Years, to be computed from the Importation thereof, there shall be drawn back and allowed for the same, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the Came Drawbacks or Allowances, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would have been intitled to in case such Coffee had been exported withioHhe Term of three Years from the Importation thereof any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the cop* trary notwithstanding.

This Act rot to

aftetf the Rights of the Ciown, cr of the Comp?r rp after the Expiration thereof. The Company indemnified for all Sums of Money they h*ve paid, or fh: 1! p~y,9 for bo lding three Ships for the Use of the Public,

[Public Act.]

[Preamble,

Further Time allowed for the Exporratios of Coffee imported 2n the Ship Europa.

j 96 C. 59, 60. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Copper is found by Experience to be of such material Use in the fitting of Ships and Vessels of War, that to certain Purposes the same may be deetrled a Military Store, and the public Service may require temporary Restraints upon the Exportation thereof at critical Conjunctures, His Majesty tm- 4 left the same should come to the Use of the Enemy; therefore, to prevent all Doubts,* be it hereby poweieo by Pro- declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the clamation, &c. Lor(js Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-exporting)*0* thority of the same, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may, by Proclamation or Order ini carrying Coast- Council, when he or they shall see Cause, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the wfe, Copper in exporting, or attempting to export, out of this Kingdom, or carrying Coastwise in this Kingdom, any Sheet#, or Bars. Sort of Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, therein described, in such Manner, and under such Restraints, as he or they shall think nt.

All Copper ship-

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That whatever Quantity or Qualities of Copper in Sheets, or ped contrary to Copper in Bars, prohibited by Proclamation or Order* in Council to be exported, or to be carried Coast-toCU ^h|e^ed, shall be or laden on Board any Ship or Vessel, in any of the Port or Ports of Great Britain

orc# In order for Exportation, or to be carried Coastwise, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, all such Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of an4 the Owners his Majesty's Customs 5 and the Owner or Owners of such Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, as shall to forfeit iool. be so shipped for Exportation, or in order to be carried Coastwise, shall severally and respectively forfeit drLTwy*hiQ" an(l PaV *be ^um one hundred Pounds for every hundred Weight of such Copper in Sheets, or Cop-. per in Bars, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity so shipped for Exportation, or in order to be

carried Coastwise.

Penilty on Per-

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be aiding or assisting in the shipping son« flitting in or loading any Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for Exportation, or in order to be carried Coastwise, AchCoP,er-tn* during the Time it shall be so prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council, contrary to such Procla-pper* matron or Order, every such Person shall forfeit and pay one hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of such Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars.

*nd on Matter#

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Master of any Ship or Vessel shall lady or of Vessel# taking take on Board, or suffer or permit to be laden or taken on Board, any Copper in Sheets, or Copper at on oard. so gar8j for Exportation, or in order to be carried Coastwise, during the Time it shall be so prohibited to be exported or carried Coastwise as aforesaid, every such Master shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Pena’tie# and

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That the one Moiety of the several Forfeitures and Penaltiet Forfeiture* how be rein-before mentioned and provided shall be to the Use of \)\s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the to be applied. other Moiety to the Use of such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall seize or sue for the same, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectivelys wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

Continuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the first Day of May% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

Preamble* Recital of S3 Geo. III. Cap. *!*

CAP. LX.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Yeats of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas And Davis’s Streights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others% 4 employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereofi at the End of the Fishing Season; in order to induce his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands of Guernsey, jersey, and Many to carry on the Whale Fishery on the Coasts of Newfoundland and the Seas adjacent, certain Bounties therein mentioned are allowed annually, for a limited Time, to a certain Number of Vessels which shall be fitted out under t e 4 Limitation? and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned, which shall take and kill one Whale at the least in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coasts of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Whales taken and killed in northern Latitude sixty-four Degrees and an Half, are, within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, to be deemed to have been taken and killed in any Sea to the Southward of the said Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights; and to obviate such Doubts for the future, it is necessary to explain particularly the Limits of those Seas, and of the Seas adjacent thereto: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi<h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

C. 6l.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

597

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights The Limits of shall be deemed and taken to extend to the Latitude of fifty-nine Degrees thirty Minutes North, and no further; and that the said Bounties, granted and allowed by the said recited Act shall not extend, or be Strac;ght,# 'vw4 construed to extend, to any Whale that shall be taken and killed in any Sea to the Southward of the said Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, exceeding forty*four Degrees of North Latitude; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, by reason of the present Hostilities, Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries are Vessels employc* liable to great Hazard, and are frequently obliged to wait for Convoy to protect them from Capture by Jrn.l[ic. wh.,1e 4 the Enemy, and it is therefore expedient to allow them a longer Time to pursue the said Fisheries, and lonTr Time- for their Return homefor Remedy whereof, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* for Thdr Rauru That the Bounties granted by the before recited Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, home, shall be allowed for such Vessels as have been fitted and cleared out since the first Day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or shall be hereafter fitted and cleared out, in the Manner directed by the said Act, during the present Hostilities, from and after the said first Day of January in each Year and which shall return to some Port in England on or before the thirty-first Day of December in the -

next succeeding Year and that the Bounties granted by another Act, made in the nxteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Geo. III. Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Of* CaP#47' Officers of the Customs in the If and of Newfoundland, shall be allowed for such Vessels as shall be fitted and cleared, out, in the Manner directed by that Ad, during the present Hostilities, from and after the first,

Day of January in each Year and which shall return to some Port in England on or before the thirty-first, f

Day of December in the next succeeding Year; any Thing in the hereinbefore recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; but the said several respective Bounties shall, in all other Respeds not hereby altered, be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* pre*tnW. 1 intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Recital of present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to Geo. III.

the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the same, or making other use- 4p' 4

%ful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation; and to the making of Experiments relating thereto \ the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea were impowered, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposa! or Proposals that should be made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the <4 Navy; and also, in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be intitled to any of the great Rewards specifi.d in an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Mojrfty, intituled,

4. An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to 14 Geo. Iff,

the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the con* Cap. 66.

fruiting, printing, publishing, vending, and licenseng, of nautical Almanacks, and other useful 7 aides; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of Jueh Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the same, or fijall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto; yet that the said Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think reasonable, to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorised and required to make out Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sums so certified, who was thereby authorised to pay the same immediately to such Person or Persons: And whereas, by reason of several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons, in pursuance of the Directions of the said first mentioned Act, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude have expended the Whole of the Sum of five thousand Pounds, granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas the continuing the said Encouragements and Rewards, for the Purposes menioned in the said first mentioned Act, will contribute to the Advantage of Trade, and to the Honoui of this Kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Comm?(Tuner* may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and they have hereby full ,0CC^V-1rd°"

Power and Authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that by the c< ir.m.f-*£ha!l be made to them for the discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and InT- i>oners.»f Ln»ed-.provement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the tud« the f me to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have ;nr

n ade any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of (o great Use as to be intit! :d to ;.ny of the great Rewards Specified a the fai4 Act of the (ou teenth Year of his present Majeihv V*r LMi u.'.-Uc,

59®

fttll order Reward to be paid to the Authors of such Proposali.

The Soma to be paid by virtue of this Act not to exceed 5,000 k

The Sams to be certified, end Payment made, agreeable to the Regulations of the above-recited Act 14 Geo. II I.

C. 62.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

that the said Discovery b of -considerable Use to the Public, or to have trade any other Discovery or Discoveries,* Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners ior the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authoris'd and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude to make such Experiments', or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, for making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation* out of any Monies-which shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Bands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do nek altogether exceed the Sum of Eve thousand Pounds.

III. Provided also, That such Sutn or Sums shall be certified, stnd such Bills shall be taade out, and Pay* flnent thereof made, in such Manner, and under the same Regulations and Provisions, as are in and by the said Actbf the fourteenth Year of his ffrefent Majestyi prescribed, with regard to the Sum of five thousand Pounds, by the said A6fc made applicable to the Encouragement-and Reward of such Person or Persons as* should make lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude*: Sea, 4>r make other useful Discoveries and «Im* protements in Navigation, and to the better making of Experilnesses-Jckbting thereto.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money otit of the Sinking Fond i and for applying certain Monies therein‘mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

FitaabJs*

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the 'necessary Supplies which-we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum bercig-after mentioned $ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.y

1 ,*49,542l. is. 1 id. 34. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 1,84945*2l. is. 11 d. 3q. or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund. All Persons who shall lend any Money upon tht Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest* Orders to be registered in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs. Penalty of undue Preference in Point of Registry or Payment. Auditor, &c. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, &c. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. Orders may be assigned. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury mav raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans 5 and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Land Tax Act of this Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act 44 of this Session, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to #i this A6E The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund* Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of *, 849,542l. is. 11 d. 3 q. notwithstanding an Act of 5 and 6 Gul. Maria. The Sum of 650,457l. 18s. and 1 Farthing, Surplus of the Sinking Fund 44 25,560l. Surplus of the Deductions of 6d. in the Pound upon Salaries, &c.—3,761 /. 13;.\d. Half* penny, remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 17805 - 10,506l. ;s. 2d. 1 q. remaining of the Supplies for 1750, tstc.—5,oco/. remaining, which was granted for building a Lazaret 5—and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 1780, and Apri15, 1781, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; shall be applied towards making good the Supply. A Sum not exceeding 14.,* 05l. i2s. 6d. being Stoppages for Provisions for Artillery in America ;—20,717l. 7l. 4 i. 44 out of the Savings of the Grant for new Levies;—113,99S/. 7s. 4d. being Savings out of the Sums granted for Officers Widows, for five Years ;—10,000l. out of the Savings of the Half-pay of reduced Officers, from June 1767* to Dec. 1779;—and 48,300l. reserved by the Pa) matter out of Monies voted fot Subsistence of sundry Augmentations, shall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, &c from Jan. 31, 1779. to Feb. 1, 1780. The Monies arising by the Land Tax, 44 Malt.Tax, Lottery Act, Loans (1,50^,000l.), further Loans (1,900,000l. J, Vote of Credit (1,000,00c/), 44 6t;cyA.;j I. i8j. 1 Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer on Aprils, 1780, of the Surplusses of the Sink- ing Fund; 25,560 /. remaining of the Deductions of 6 d. in the Pound out of Salaries, &c. 3,761l. 44 13X. Afd. Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1780, exclusive of the Sinking Fund; 44 io,5c6l. 5 s. id. 1 q. remaining of a Sum granted in 1750, for making good a Deficiency of the preced- ing Year; 5,000l. granted, in 5 Geo. III. for building a Lazaret; such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 1780, and April 5, 1781, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and 3 44 Gum

e

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 63.

*< Gum Arabic > an J *,849,542l. 1*. ndL 3^. by this Act granted out of the Excesses, (Accompofingtbt Sinking Fund; together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prises taken before the Declaration of War 5 and also such Sums of Money a* his Majesty shall direct to be applied to the public Service* which shall arise out of the Sale of the ceded IfLnds in the West Indies; shall be applied to the Uses fol- lowing: 5,503,284l. 7x. yd towards Naval Services*, 1,(500,00cL towards paying off the Navy Debt;

458,136l. 9 s. ud. for the Chaises of the Office of Ordnance, for 1780; 591,466l. and 11 d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, not provided for, in 1779; 6,589,080l. 35. yd. 2 y. towards main- taining the Land Forces, Sic.; of which 946,176l. 3 x. 5 d. for defraying the Charges of 35,005 effeo- tive Men, including Officers, and 4,213 Invalids for Guards, Garrisons, tsV. in Great Britain* fAc. 5 44 1,418,0:9l. 1 r. 2d for Forces and Garrisons in Africa^ ZAc.; 44,875 /. 8x. 3 d for General and General Staff-officers in Great Britain; 56,228/ 115. 11 d. z<f. for five Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for three of the said Battalions at Gibraltar* for the Year 1780; 367,892l. 19*. 44 4 d. for 13,472 Troops of Hejfe Cajfel, lAc.\ 35,510 /. 19*. 9 d. for two Regiments of Hanau*lAc. $ 4< 17,529 / 11 a. 9^ for a Regiment of Waldeck,; 94,173 /. t 2 x. 41l. 2 y. for 4300 Brunswickers, Cfr.;

30,718l. i*-x. 1 d. iq for 1,4v7 Troops of Brandebourg Anfpach; 16,661 /. 6x. zd. zq. for Infantry, 44 of Anhalt Zerbjl; 48,801l. iox. 6 */. for Provisions for foreign Troops serving in America; 27,741 /. 4* 10;. for defraying the Charge of Artillery for foreign Troops, for 1780$ 653,926l. 2;. for defraying the Charge of the Militia in Britain, and four Regiments of Fencibles in ZVbr/A Britain, for 1780;

96,183l. 4*. a</. for defraying the Charge of Clothing for Militia in Sow//* Britain for 1780; 8,94.3/1 44 135. 8d. for defraying the Charge of additional Companies to Militia in South Britain* for 1779; 44 258,2©6l. i8x. for defraying the Charge of the new Levies for the Year 1780; 8,623l. 171. 6d. for defraying the Charge of Lieutenant Colonel. Fuilartons Corps, from Feb. 24, to Dtf. 24, 1780, both inclusive; 3, yql. 12 s. 6d. for defraying the Charge of an additional Troop, &c. to Lieutenant Colonel Holroyds Light Dragoons, for one Year 5 12,929l. 9l. 2d. for defraying the Charge of Major-general Rainsford's Regiment of Foot, from F/*£. 24, to Dec. 24, 1780, both inclusive; 8,623 L 17 s. 6 d. for de- fraying the Charge of Lieutenant Colonel Humber ft on? s Corps, from Feb. 24, to Dec. 24, 1780, both in* dufive; 87,718 /. to the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital; 11,712 /. 91. 6d. for defraying the Charge of additional Companies, &c. of Militia in South Britain, for 1780; 46s /. 15 x 8 d. to make good the Defi- ciency of Pay of said additional Companies, &c. 5 30,290l. i6x. 8d. for defraying the Charge of the new Levies, from their Establishments to Dec. 24, 17-9; 82,903l. 2x. on account of reduced Officer* of Land Forces and Marines; 60 8l. 6 s. 6 d. to the two Ti oops of Horse Guards reduced, fcfr.; *,211,384l. 44 5 x. 9cL 2-q. for Extraordinaries of Land forces, iAc. from Jan. 31, 1779» to Feb. 1, 1780; 1,coo,009l. 44 for paying off the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the Vote of Credit of last Session; 1,500,000L ,‘-4 for paying off other Exchequer Bills of l*ft Session; 1,900,003l. for paying off further Exchequer Bills of last Session; 15,700l. to make good to his Majesty the like Sum issued iq pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons; 25,^00l. towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House\ 4,796l. 10*. 5 cL 44 for supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia; 2,866l. for the Civil Establishment of Georgia*; 44 3,950l. for the Civil Establishment of East Florida; 3,900l. for the Civil Establishment of West Florida; 44 3,15c/. for the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John; 1,832l. 5 x. for defraying Expences attending Surveys in North America; 13,000l. for maintaining Forts on the Coast of Africa; 6,997l. 4*. 3 d. 44 on account of new Roads, &c. in the Highlands of Scotland; 57,9*0l. 12x. for Relief of American Civil Officers, &c.; 10,000l. for assisting the Levant Company; 3,500l. to the British Museum; 44 14,34^/. 2x. 9d. paid to Duncan Campbell* for maintaining Convicts, (lie.; 37,372l. i8x. 9d. zq. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund to pay Annuities granted by an Act 31 Geo. II.; 332,8561, ax, 44 $d. iq. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 18 Geo. III.; 44 167,036 /. 14X. id. 2 f. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 44 19 Geo. III. 5 and 300,687l. ox. yd. to make good the Deficiency of Grants for the Year 1779. The said Aids to be a;-f>lied only to the Uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half-pay. By an Act 19 Geo. III. a Sum not exceeding 87,703l. 8 x. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers. Overplus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to be disposed of to Officer* who were maimed, &c. in the Jate Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct. The Commissioners of the Treasury are impowered to pay to any Persons who ought to have been satisfied out of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer for paying Arrears due to the late Marine. 44 Regiments disbanded in the Year 1748, any Sum not exceeding 10,506! 51. id. 1 y.n

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the public Peace.

WHEREAS, on the second Day of June, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, a Preamble, great Number of disorderly Persons assembled themselves together, in a riotous and tumultuous Manner, near to both Houses of Parliament, and possessed themselves of the Avenues leading to the same, the said Houses being thqn fitting, and there committed great Acts of Outrage and Violence to many of his Majesty's Subjects ; and afterwards proceeded to attack the Houses of some of the public Ministers of Foreign Princes and States, residing at his Majesty's Court, and to break into the Chapels A belonging to such public Ministers, and to set Fire thereto, and continued riotously and tumultuously af- sembled for several Days and Nights; and during that Tiorc attacked and set Fire to the Gaol of Newgate,

H a

£<M*

6oo

C. 64-

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

AH A^Ti*n3, In-dictmenit, &c. commencrd nuainst Migi-rt aics, or others, lor any hing «i jne or com* manned b) them, in suppressing the l-*te Rict-,before

]vine*4, 1780, Jh .11 be discharged and made vo d; and all (rich Magi-Antes, &c. shall fee indemnified.

[General Issue.]

Double Costs,

[Preamble,

All Anions, Indictment5, &c. commenced, or to be commenced, against any Sheriff, Un^er-flier iff, or Gaoler, &c. for the I-*cape of any lJ»i oner during the ljte fumults, shill be d f-chrrged and ma :e void. General lifue.

Double Costs,

All Prisoners by

Civ, 1 Ptccrls, v ho w< r let at lrr^c ai af ukid,

the King's Bench Prison, the Prison of the Fleets and set at Liberty the Prisoners (herein respectively confined, and broke other Gaols and Prisons, and set at Liberty the Prisoners confined therein, and set Fire to, and pulled down, the Dwelling-Houses of divers of his Majesty's peaceable Subjects, in several Parts in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and burnt and consumed the Materials and Furniture of the same, and did other Acts of Outrage and Violence: And whereas diners Magistrates, and others, have exerted themselves for the Suppression of the said Riots, and Tumults, and for putting an End to the said Outrages, and for restoring and preserving the public Peace, and on the Occasions, and for the Purposes aforesaid, have done divers Acts which cannot be justified by theftiidt Forms of Law, and yet were necessary, and so much for the Preservation of the Lives and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and the public Safety and Peace, that they ought to be justified by Act of Parliament, and the Persons by whom they were transa&ed ought to be indemnified be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Personal Actions and Suits, Indictments and Informations, which have been, or shall be, commenced or prosecuted, and all Molestations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, and Judgments thereupon (if any be), against the said Magistrates, or other Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, commanded or done on the Occasions, and for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, before the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be discharged and made void; and every Person, by whom any such Ad, Matter, or Thing, which shall have been commanded or done, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as well against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons; and if any Action or Suit hereby discharged, or intended to be discharged, is or shall be commenced or prosecuted, every Person so sued may plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases when Colts, by Law are given to Defendants.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late* Tumults and Insurrections.

WHEREAS divers evil-minded and disorderly Persons did, at several Times between the second and eighth Days of June, in this present Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, assemble themselves together within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark; and being so assembled together, at some of the said Times, did burn, destroy, or break open, divers of his Majesty's Gaols and Prisons; that is to say, the Gaol of Newgate, the Prison of the Fleet, the King's Bench Prison, and other Gaols and Prisons in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlesex and* Surrey^ and did cause the Prisoners then confined therein to escape, and go at large: And whereas the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Marshal, Warden, or other Officer or Officers, who had the Custody of the said Gaols or Prisons, and the Prisoners therein, may be, or are in Danger of being sued, indicted, prose- cuted, or proceeded against, by reason of Escapes of Prisoners let out, or set at Liberty, in Manner be- fore mentioned; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (at whose Suit such of the said Prisoners as were cot.fined by virtue of Civil Process were in Custody) may be under Difficulties with respect ;o their Proceedings against such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also such Prisoners as w ere set at large without their own Concurrence or Consent, may be in a worse Situation, by Means of their Enlargement, than if they had remained in afrual Custody :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and ail Molestations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, and judgments thereupon (if any be), had, commenced, or prosecuted, or to be had, commenced, or protected, against any Sheriffs, Under-sheriffs, Marshal, Warden, Bailiff, Gaolers, Officers, or their Sureties, for or by reason of the Escape of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who was or were, or h is or have been discharged, or let out of Prison, or caused to go at large, in Manner, and on the Occasion aforesaid, be, and are and shall be discharged, annulled, and utterly made void and of no Effect*, to all Intents and Purposes, by virtue of this Act; and if any such personal Action or Suit hereby discharged, or intended to be discharged, is or shall be commenced or prosecuted, every Person so sued may plead the General Issue *, and give this Act, and the Special.Matter, in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if Ju Igment pals ngaintt such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Prisoner or Prisoner*, who was or were, at the Limes aforesaid, in Custody in any of the Gaols or Prisons aforesaid, by virtue of any Civil Suit or Process, and who was or were let at large, in the Manner, and on the Occasion aforesaid j hath or have surrendered, or offered to furicnder, him or herfeif, or themselves, or shall, on or

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 64. 601

before the first Day of September now next erfuing, surrender, or offer to surrender, him or herself, or who have fur* themselves to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Marshal, Warden, or other Officer or Officers, under whose Cuf* r^eredfot/h*H tody he, she, or they was or weie, at the Time of his, her, or their laid Enlargement, or their Successors in Office, and shall have given, or shall give, or deliver in Writing, to such Sheriff or Sheriffs, 1, 17^0,

Marshal, Warden, or other (Officer or Officers as aforesaid (or their Successors in Office), the Place of to tSe sh-ritf'or Abode of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and in case he, she, or they shall change his, her, or their Place of C&c. un. Abode, shall, in like Manner, give Notice in Writing to such Sheriff or SneriftV, Marshal, Warden, or dr*hacCu!-other Officer or Officers (or their Successors in Office), of such new Place of Abode, and shall at all Times, when lawfully called upon by such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Marshal, Warden, or other Officer or Of- so hi.n their ficers, or their Successors in Office, or by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the Suit or Suits depending against P.*ceof Abode, them respectively, be ready and willing to surrender, and shall surrender, or offer to surrender, themselves, *c* in such Manner as aforesaid, such Prisoner or Prisoners so surrendering, or offering to surrender, him or herself, or themselves, and conforming themselves in such Manner as aforesaid, shall be considered, to all Hull feecornrfuT-Ititents and Purposes, as if he, she, or they, now was or were, and had always remained and continued, ed as ft )1 in Turin the Custody of such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Marshal, Warden, Officer or Officers, in whose Custody he, [?d.v» an^ not be (he, or they, was or were at the Time of his, her, or their said Enlargement, and (h >11 not be liable to be *Ict0 Arre s> arrested by virtue of any Civil Process out of any Court; and in case they have been, or shall be, so arrested, shall be discharged therefrom.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases it shall and may be pj4;nt;^ or lawful for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, at whose Suit such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were in Custody, or 0the? Creditor for any Creditor or Creditors having Cause of Action against such Prisoner or Prisoners, to deliver Decla- havingCauie of rations, and all other Proceedings, against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Action against Marshal, Warden, or other Officer or Officers, in whose Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were at ruch {>r.,<onc£ the Time of their said Enlargement (or their Successors in Office), and to give Notice in Writing thereof

to such Prisoner or Prisoners, or to leave the same at his, her, or their Place of Abode; which Proceeding to th - st.riift'or shall be as good and available in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Cre- Gaolrr, and give dttor or Credhors, had proceeded according to the Forms heretofoi^ used against Persons in actual Cuf- No ic* tf c cvf tody; and such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Creditor or Creditors, shall and may proceed to Judgment thereon, to*hc within the same Time as if such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were in actual Custody, and also shall and may take out Execution against such Real or Personal Estate, Qf such Prisoner or Prisoners, as is or shall proJeVto Judg-be liable thereto by Law* nv-nt theic.vn,

as if the Prisoner were in afttvl Custody,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That with respect to such Prisoner or Pii- H"w P foners, who was or were in Custody in any of the Gaols or Prisons aforesaid, by virtue of any Civil Suit ^rfv'a to or Process, and who was or were let at large in Manner aforesaid, and who hath or have not surrendered ^’ch pr^)r)rts him or herself, or themselves, in Manner aforesaid, nor shall otter so to do within the Time above for whoth.il not that Purpose limited, it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, at whole Suit he, (lie, or havr for rendered', they were so in Custody, to deliver in like Manner Declarations, and all other Proceedings against such themf lvrS be-Prisoner or Prisoners, to the Sheriff* or Sheriffs, Marshal, Waiden, or other Officer or Officers, in, g0

whose Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were at the Time of his, her, or their said Enlargement, 17 °* C* or their Successors in Office, and to give Notice thereof in the London Gazette; which Proceedings shall be as good and available in Law, to all intents and Purposes, as if such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs had proceeded according to the Forms heretofore uled against Persons in adhial Custody, and dial) and may proceed; to Judgment thereupon, within the same Time as if such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were in actual Custody, and take out his or their Execution thereupon.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Pr#Vifo* be in any Manner prejudiced or damnified for or by reason of his, her, or their not having proceeded against any Prisoner or Prisoners from the Time of his, her, or their said Enlargement, until the first Day

of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Defendant or Defendants in Reguttumi re. any Action or Information hath or have tendered to surrender him, her, or themselves, or hath or have UtivctoUcfrnd-been tendered to be surrendered in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, and the Court, or Judge of the *nl5%vhoha*cor Court, in which the Action or Information hath been depending, for want of a proper Place of Confine-

ment, hath not committed such defendant or Defendants; or in case any Defendant or Defendants in any %vhu<e oail’fhati

Action or Information, who hath or have given special Bail, shall, before the said Prisons of the King 5 b<* dffnous to

Bench and the Fleet respectively shall have been repaired, or other Prison or Prisons been substituted in lieu surrender them,

thereof respectively, and Notice thereof given in the London Gazette, as hereafter me ntioned, be desirous

to surrender him, her, or themselves in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, or the Bail shall be desirous to be

surrender such Defendant or Defendants as aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall and may come repaired,

or be brought before any Court or Judge of the Court in which such Action or Information is or has been

depending, and such Court or Judge shall and may commit such Defendant or Defendants to the Custody

of the Marshal or Warden of the Fleet (as the Case may be), and the Tipitaft* shall tender such Defendant or Defend mts to the Marshal or Warden (as the Case may be), or his or their Deputy or Deputies,

and the Bail shall thereupon be discharged, and such Defendant or Defendants (hull, and is and are hereby

required in all Things to conform to the Rules and Directions heiein-before prescribed concerning such

Prisoners who have been set at large, and have surrendered or tendered themselves to be fur, endured, or shall tender themselves to be surrendered, in Manner hcrtin-before mentioned, and such Defendant or Defendants shall be deemed and taken to be in actual Custody; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Information, or any other Creditor, shall and may proceed against him, her, or them, as in Custody,

in

e

6o 2 C. 6$.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Mvrtul or Warden not answer-ble for Escapca until such Re* parationt are made, dec.

The Warden of the Fleet Prison ®t answerable for the Escape of Prisoners committed to hit Custody since the Destruction of the said Prison; but such Surrenders shall be valid in Law, and the Bail shall be discharged, fee.

At soon at It shall, be notified in the London Gazette, that the King's Bruch or Fleet Prison it properly repaired, all Persons who escaped thereout during the late Tomu’.t*, fee. shall, within aS Days, surrender themfeWes to the respective Keeper, so atto become actual Prisoners therein; or shall lose all the Benefitofthia AO, and be incapable of talkng the Benefit of any future

in such Manner and Form as is herein-before directed concerning such Prisoners as were set at large, and shall have surrendered or offered to surrender themselves in Manner herein-before set forth; provided nevertheless, that the Marfcal or Warden shall not be answerable for the Escape of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, until the Prisons of the Kings Bench and the Fleet respectively shall have been repaired as aforesaid, or other Prison or Prisons substituted in the Place thereof, and such Defendant or Defendants shall be in their actual Custody.

VII. And whereas there is not at present any Place of safe Custody for Prisoners committed by the Courts of Chancery, Common Bench, and Exchequer; and it may have happened that Persons (since the Destruction of the said Prison of the Fleet) may have been committed to the Custody of the Warden of the Fleet, in Discharge of their Bail, or otherwise, whereby the said Warden may be liable to answer for the Escape of such Prisoners be it further enacted, That the said Warden, until the said Prison of the Fleet shall be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or some other Prison appointed in lieu thereof, and such Prisoner shall be received within the Walls of such Prison, shall not be answerable for the Escape of such Prisoners; nevertheless such Surrenders shall be good and valid in Law, and the Bail shall be, and are exonerated and discharged, and such Prisoners shalT and are hereby required in all Things to conform to the Rules and Directions herein-before prescribed concerning such Prisoners who have been set at large, and have surrendered, or tendered themselves to be surrendered, in Manner herein* before mentioned; and thereupon shall be deemed and taken to be in actual Custody, and liable to be proceeded against as such in the Manner herein before mentioned.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That so soon as the said Prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or other Prison or Prisons substituted in liAi thereof, and the same shall be notified in the London Gazette by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, all and every Prisoner or Prisoners who have escaped or been at Liberty in Consequence of the said Tumults and Insurrections, and also all such Person or Persons, Defendant or Defendants, who hath or have since been committed, and who, under the Provisions herein-, before mentioned, are to be deemed and taken as if in Custody of the said M?r(ha) or Warden respectively, within twenty-eight Days next after such Notice given in the London Gazette of the Repair or the said Prisons, or either of them respectively, or of any other Prison or Prisons being appointed ip lieu thereof, or of either of them, shall, and are hereby required to surrender themselves to the Keeper of such of the said Prisons to which they shall respectively belong, and in whose Custody they are, under the Provision*. of this Act, deemed and taken to be, so as to become actual Prisoners, and within the Walls of such Prison, or Prisons respectively; and every such Prisoner or Prisoners, Person or Persons, Defendant or Defendants, herein-before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse so to do, not having any reasonable Excuse in that Behalf, shall forfeit and lose all the Privilege and Benefit of this Act, and mall and may be retaken by( any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as in case of wilful Escape; and such Prisoner or Prisoners, Person or Persons, Defendant and Defendants, shall be, and are hereby declared and rendered for ever incapable of taking the Benefit of any Act which may at any Time hereafter be passed for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Insolvency Act.

This Act not to extend to Prisoners confined in the New Prison, or Marshall sea, on June 8, *780.

The Sheriff of Middlesex, until Newgate is repaired, &c. may confine IVifons, taken by h»m on any Civil Procefr, in any Place of Security within the£ounty, fee.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construfd to extend, to the Case of any Prisoner or Prisoners who, on the eighth Day of June> in the present Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was or wcrd confinad in the New Prison or the Marshalsea Prison, under the Custody of the Matfhal.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore said. That, until the Prison of Newgate shall be rebuilt or repaired, or other Prison substituted in the Place thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex to confine aoy Person or Persons who were pot in Custody at the Time of the Destruction of the Gaol called Newgate, and who hath, since the Destruction of the said Gaol of Newgate, been, or shall be hereafter arrelled or taken in Execution by the said Sheriff, on any Civil Process, in any other Gaol or PUce of Security within the County of Middlesex \ and such Gaol or Place of Security shall be subject to all such Regulations and Provisions as County Gaols are by Law subject to; and the Name of such Gaol or Place of Security, together with the Names of the Prisoners therein, and of the causes in which they are anefted or detained, shall be fixed up in some public and open Place id the said Sheriff’s Office,

[Preamble.]

Recital of 17 Geo. III.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's

Reign, as relates to tlx more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the of

Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Riding of the County of York; and for granting other Bowers for those Purposes; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the Manor of KigbUy, in the said County.

WHEREAS an Act was passed, in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley,

Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton,

A.D. 1780 Anno vicesimo Georgiii III. C. 65. 603

Kirkburton, <7tf</Huddersfield, the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor

of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County: And whereas the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Court of Requests, has not fully answered the intentions of the Legislature in passing the same; nevertheless it is necessary, from the very great Numbcis of Persons employed in the extensive

Manufactures and Trades carried on within the jurisdiction thereof, that Provision should be made for the easy and Ipecdy Recovery of Small Debts therein, in order to promote Industry, and support useful Credit: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons; in thrs present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commissioners,

That Thomas Thornhill, miliarn Walker senior, John Caygill, John Royds, and John Knowles, Esquires; the Reverend Henry Wood D. D. the Reverend Robert Charlesworth Clerk, the Reverend Edward Nelson Clerk, William Nezuby, John Ferguson, John Mitchell senior, Isaac Hanson, Christopher Rawson, Jeremy Lifter, Jafibel Lifter, John Ft ieft ley, William Pollard senior, Samuel Waterhouse, John Waterhouse, William Threlkeld, John Alexander, John Hamilton, James Cooke, Joseph Bromley, William Bo Hand, John Hudson, George Pollard, William Smith, John Swire, ft Mi am Buck, Michael Bairstow, Joseph Benson, Robert Butterfield senior, 'Richard Bracken, John Rawson, Christopher Rawden, Benjamin Irvin, John Ramsden, and Henry Hamer, being thirty-nhre 'Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish Of Halifax, That Edward Leedes, Charles Swain, Booth Sharp, To mis Atkinson, Joshua Field, and Abraham Balme, Esquires; the Reverend James Sykes Clerk, the Reverend Robert Butler Clerk, John Huftler, John Horner, Charles Booth, Isaac Hoi lings, William Hardcastle junior, Thomas Hardcastle the elder, John Preston, Richard Stocks, Nathan Jfowett, John Greenwood, George Greenwood, William NorthAbraham Bower, John Jarratt, William Swain* joshua Firth senior, Joseph Pofard, Thomas Hodgson, Anthony Wrightson, Robert Ramsbotham, William Upright, Thomas Skelton, and Richard Hodfden, being thirty Reiiants and inhabitants within the said Parish of Bradford; That the Reverend Charles Knowlton Clerk, John Chapmap, John Craven, the Reveiend Samuel Phillips, Jonathan Wright, Thomas Cockjhctt, James Bar wick, James Greenwood, John Greenwood, John Driver, Joseph Smith, John Sngden, Abraham Smith, Thomas Cure, Samuel Blakey, William Niwfholmt, Michael Coufen, Christopher Smith of Utley, William Guyer m 1

one Refiants and Inhabitants wirhin the said Parish

*, Thrmas Horsfall, and John Horsfall, being twenty-Kighley: That Benjamin Ferrand, Heftry Wickham,

714.__________ Ah— 6:.I. D..*L

Marshall, Jeremiah Marshall, Richard Clayton, John Brown, Benjamin Hird, Thomas Houlden, John Booth,

Thomas Burnett, and Hugh Marshall, being twelve Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Guiseley

That the Reverend Thomas Faber Clerk, John Gatt senior, John Barnes, William Walker, John Radcliffe, Jeremiah Clifford, Henry Slater, John Morehouse, and James Booth, being nine Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Calverley; That John Taylor, Thomas Thompson, Henry Preston, Esquires; the Reverend Joseph Hargraves Clerk, John Turton Esquire, Joseph Bennett, Joshua Taylor, William Lifter junior, Samuel IVebjler*

John Sharp, Charles Steer, and John Jowett, being twelve Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Batley; That Joseph Bilton Esquire, Joseph Stainthorp, Jeremiah Rhodes, Martin Charlesworth, John Rhodes, William Charlesworth, Thomas Gommerfall, Thomas Walker, Caleb Crowther, John Bcevor, Timothy Crowther, Thomas Cockill, Joseph Mann, Richard Rayner, Joseph Sykes, John Green, Benjamin Broadley,

?Tohn Rangeley, John Wood, Benjamin Wilkinson, and Thomas Brooke, being twenty-one Refiants and Inha-hams Within the said Parish of Birstal\ That Joshua Ingham, Francis Ledga>d, Samuel Walker, Joseph Marriott, Joseph Brooke, James Shepley, Robert Holdsworth, Joshua Hirft, and Samuel Brooke, being nine 'Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Mirfield, That Sir George Armitage Baronet, George Dyson, and Samuel Pcpplewell, being three Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Hartishead cum Clifton; That Joseph Armitage, John Atkinson, George Armitage, John Dyson, John Farrer, Benjamin Ingham, Joseph Kaye senior, Robert Scott, Jonathan Shaw, Daniel Taylor, Robert Walker, and William Radcliffe, being twelve Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Almondbury; That Sir John Lifter Kaye Joaronet, Richard Henry Beaumont Esquire, the Reverend John Burton Clerk, Samuel Walker, John r., Brooke, Charles Brooke, John Walker, Richard Wheatley, Richard Cockhill, Richard Thewlis, William Walker,

Joseph Hinchlffe, Joseph Atkinson, William Yates, and Richard Taylor, being fifteen Refiants and Inhabitants within the said^ Parish of Kirkheaton; That William Horsfall Esquire, Richard Gill, Matthew Booth, John Booth, Benjamin Stocks, Tedbald Tinker, John Tinker, Joseph Firth, Edward Ellis, the Reverend John Har-rop Clerk, Uriah Tinker, James Shaw, John Bray, George Moorehouse, Christopher Green, Joseph Wiifn,

John Kenworthy, and Ely lyin, penny, being eighteen Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Kirk* burton j That William Radcliffe Esquire, John Armitage, Joseph Armitage, Michael Atkinson, Joseph Bradley, Edmund Boihamley, Benjamin Haigh, James Dyson, Thomas Holroyd, John Haigh, Thomas Haighy 'Abraham Horsfall, John Hudson, John Houghton, John Moorehouse, James Midwood, Jonathan Nichols,

Thomas Oldfield, George Styring, ft 1 Ilium If hit acre, John Whit acre, Benjamin Walker, William Waterhouse, and William Walker, being twenty-four Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Huddersfield\

and th it John Tempest Esquire, Richard Stead, Matthias Whitehead, being three Refiants and Inhabitants

within the said Lordship or Liberty of Tong; making in all two hundred and thirty-seven Persons; who,

and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, being bona fide seised of Messuages, Qualification

lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of Freehold, of, or Customary Tenure, for Life, or any Commissionerf,

Other greater Eft are, or possessed of a Leasehold EftaCe for ninety-nine Years, or upwards, of the clear

yearly Value of sixty Pounds, over and besides all Deductions and Reprizes whatsoever, or of a Personal

Estate of the Value of one thousand five hundred Pounds, over and besides the Payment of their just

Debts, and not keeping an Alehouse, Victualling-house, or other House of public Entertainment, together

witti

6c 4.

C. 65. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

with their Successors, to be cle&ed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and are hereby declared* constituted, and appointed, Commissioners to hear and finally determine all such Matters of Debt as are Their Name. under forty Shillings, and ae hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Stile ot The Court of JZeijuefti for the Purifies if Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Culverley, Batley, Birjlal, Milficid, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the lAejl Riding of the County of York; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to assemble, fit, and hold the said Court, for the said Their Meetings. Parishes and Lordship, or Liberty, in Manner following; (that is to say) at Halifax aforesaid for the Parish of Halifax, upon the first Monday in August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and upon the first Monday in every Calendar Month thenafter for ever 5 at Bradford aforesaid, on the first Wednesday in the said Month of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the first Wednesday in fvery Calendar Month thenafter for ever; at Kighley aforesaid, on the second Monday in the Month of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the second Monday in the several Calendar Months of December, March, June, and September thenafter for ever; at Bingley aforesaid, on the second Monday in the Month of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the second Monday in the several Calendar Months of January, April, July, and October, thenafter forever; at Calverley Aforesaid, on the second Monday in the Month of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the second Monday in the several Calendar Months of February, May, August, and November, thenafter for ever; at Batley aforesaid, on the third Monday in the said Month of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the third Monday in the said several Calendar Months of December, March, June, and September, thenafter for ever; at Birstal aforesaid, on the third Monday in the said Month of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the third Monday in the said several Calendar Months of January, April, July, and October, thenafter for ever; at Clifton aforesaid, on the third Monday in the said Month of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the third Monday in the several Calendar Months of February, May, August, and November, thenafter for ever j at Huddersfield aforesaid, on the fourth Monday in the said Month of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the fourth Monday in the said several Calendar Months of December, March, June, and September, thenafter for ever; at Almondbury aforesaid, on the fourth Monday in the said Month of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the fourth Monday in the said several Calendar Months of January, April, July, and October, thenafter forever; at Kirkburton aforesaid, on the fourth Monday in the said Month of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also on the fourth’ Aim day in the said several Calendar Months of February, May, August, and November, thenafter Their Doty, for ever: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall assemble, fit, and hold the said Court at all and every the said Places herein-before appointed for that Purpose, and on the Days aforesaid, in such Rotation as is herein-before mentioned and directed, or oftener if required by the th?n Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy or Deputies, at any of the said Places, or at any other Place within any of the said Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty, on any other Day of the Week, so often as there shall be Occasion, either by Adjournment or otherwise, as Business may happen, or such Meeting be desired by the tad Powers. Clerk of the Grid Court, or his Deputy; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, HialJ have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and finally determine all such causes under forty Shillings, as are herein after mentioned, and to make such Orders, pronounce such Judgments, and make such Decrees, and to award Execution thereupon, with Costs, against the Goods and Chanels, or Body and Bodies, of all and every Person and Persons against whom they shall make any such Order, pronounce any such Decree, or give any such Judgment, as to them the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall seem just in Law or Equity; and in case the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them at the least, shall neglect or refuse to assemble at any of the aforesaid respective Places, on any of the Days by this Act appointed for holding the said Court, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to such other Day, before the General Court Day to be held at any such aforesaid Place, as the said Clerk or his Deputy shall think proper.

for deling new

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners* Commissioners, or such Commissioners as shall be hereafter elected, or any thirteen of them, to chuse and eledf, from Time to Time, any other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, being -qualified as aforesaid.

The several Pa-

III. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Parishes and Lo-dship shall be, and are hereby divided r;foes ar d L^rd- into five Distri<fts; (that is to say) the Parish of Halifax shall be one District; the several Parishes of Brad-r»-.p HUideH into ford, Guiseley, and Calverley, and the Lordship or Liberty of 7*cng, ano.her Dtftricl; the several Parishes ifc DiAna*. of ffifbley and Bingley, another DistritS; the several Parishes nf Birjlal, Alirfield, Batley, and Hartiih ad cum Clifton, another District; and the several Parishes of Huddersfield, Almondbury, Kirkburton, and kirkheaton, another Distri£h

Commissioners

IV. Provided always, and be it further en?d!cd, That no Person shall be capable of string as a Com-

tobciwom. missioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or made an Affirmation (being

of the People called Quakers), to the Effect following; (that is to say)

The Oath.

I A.B. do swear for affirm), That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act of Parliament, yi/r the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the several Par roes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Gmfelcy, Calverley, Batley, Hirlial, Mirfield, Handheld cum CJi'ton, Alonondbui v, Kirkhe.Uon. Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in theif Riding of the County of York, without Favour or AlFeclion, Prejudice or Malice, \o either Party; and 4 "hat

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III., C. 6$. '6d'$

that I am qualified in Estate to act as a Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid, according to the Intent and Meaning of the same Act.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any Justice of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York> or any whomsyadmi-Glerk of the said Court, Or any Commissioner who shall have taken the said Oath, is and are hereby im- nifter the Oath. Jpowered and required to ad mini (ter, and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the EntryBk or Register of the said Court, by the Clerk or his Deputy; and ariy Person or Persons presuming to act as Com- Penalty carting missioner, without being qualified, or beirie disqualified as aforesaid, shall, for each Time of adh'ng, forfeit not bung ^uaii-and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts fied« of Record, wherein no Euoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed 5 and the Person prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, without any other Proof on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided also, That no Person whosoever shall act as a Commissioner during that Day whereupon iromissioners, *ny Cause wherem hd is a Party, or anyways interested, shall be heard; nor shall any Clerk, or other &c. not to Officer of the said Court for the Time being, exercise his said Office in the said Court, or any Thing rer whereintcrefUd, lating thereto, in any Cause wherein he is a Party or anyways interested, but the said Commissioners then

assembled at such Court shall and ma9 appoint another Person to execute the Office of such Clerk or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause; and if the Commissioners assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner who shall happen then to be Chairman shall have the calling Vote.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful, from and after the twenty-sixth Day of july% Debtor* to be one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who Summoned to ap. now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts not amounting to the Sum of forty Shil- *tAtm

lings, owing unto him, her, or them, in his, her. or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator,

Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, redding, inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or reeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said Parishes, or Lord ship or Liberty, or any of them respectively, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court for the Timfc being, or his Deputy; who shall cause such Debtor or Debtors to be warned or summoned by the Beadle or Officer of the said Court for the Time being, by Writing to be delivered three Days at the lead before the Return of such Warning or Summons* exclusive of the Day of such Return, to the Debtor or Debtors, or left at his, her, or their respective Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, or Place of dealing or working; within the said Parishes, and Lordship or Liberty, to appear, either in Person* or by their proper Agent or Agents, before the said Commissioners of the said Court, at some certain Time and Place to be mentioned in the said Summons or Notice; and which shall express the Names of both the Parties to answer and to be answered touching such Debt or Debts respectively $ and upon the Return of such Summons or Notice, Conr>mrrnn-r« and at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and at all Times afterwards, as there shall be Occasion,.in way, hear !|?c case such Debtor or Debtors appear either in Person, or by their Agent or Agents, as aforesaid, according nomce fud to the said Summons or Notice, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may mem* J hear and determine concerning such Debt or Debts, and shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make, or cause to be made, such Orders, and to give and pronounce such judgments and Decrees, and to award Execution against Goods and Chattels, or Bcdyw Bodies, touching and concerning the same, and the Cods of such Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Justice and' Equity; which Acts, Orders, Judgments, Decrees, and Awards, shall be final, to all Intents and Purposes thereto, between the Parties: And in case such Debtor or Debtors shall not appear, either in Person, or by an Agent or Agents, as aforesaid, according to such Summons or Notice, to answer as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made upon Oath before them of the Service of the said Summons, or Notice being given as aforesaid, to proceed ex parte, to hear the Matter of Complaint touching such Debt or Debts, and in each and every Case to make and

£ronounce such final Order, Judgment, or Decree, or such other Order between the Parties, touching such lebt or Debts, and the Cods of such Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and all such Acts, Orders, Judgments, and Decrees, and all and every the Proceedings of the said Com-Itiissioners, shall be entered and registered in a Book or Books, to be provided and kept by the Clerk of the said Court for that Purpose, and shall be observed, performed, and kept in all Parts, as well by the Creditor or Plaintiff, as by the Debtor or Defendant: And in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree, or pronounced any Judgment, for the Payment of Money, it shall be lawful for them, or any three or more of them, to award Execution against the Goods or Chattels, or in Defect thereof, or in case the same shall appear proper and expedient to (iich Commissioners, or any three or more of them, as herein-after limited, but not otherwise, against the Body of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, or Judgment pronounced; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, to issue.a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of a Fieri Facias, or Capias ad Satisfaciendum^ as the Case may be, to the Beadle of the Lid Court, who, by virtue of any such Fieri Facias, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to levy by Dtf-tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Parishes, Lordship, or Liberty aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and adjudged, rendering to the Owner the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted; and such beadle, by virtue of any such Capias ad Satisfaciendum, shall and may, and is hereby impowered, by himself, or his Deputy or Deputies, or other Amftance, to take and apprehend such Party* being within the Parishetf or Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and every such Party or Parties so taken or apprehended, to confine and which shall be final.

Debtors not appearing, and Proof made of Service of Summons, the Commissioners may proceed ex parte.

Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in Books.

Commissionera may award Execution.

Co 6

C. 65.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Debt may be discharged at several faymenti.

In D»bat CaCm Execution shall V lupcrleded.

Eerfonl being nonfui-ed are to say Double Costs,

Discretionary

Vovver veflerf in the Conrmuflion* erb with respt& to ImpnfonmeJtt nd Execution,

A Prison to be provided.

The Gaoler made stable to the Debts of tkofe whom he fufieri bo eftape.

Empowering the

CommifTicnrrs to order a Mun-tenance £oi Pri*

imprison in the public Prison herein after directed to be provided and appointed for that Purpose, for such Time as such Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in open Court, shall have adjudged and ordered, not exceeding sixty Days; and if the Party against whose Goods and Chattels* or Body, any such Execution shall be awarded, find Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by ferreting or removing his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, or by absconding, or by any other Means, prevent or evade such Execution, it shall be lawful for the fail Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, from Time to Time, to renew such Execution against the Goods or Body of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy, as aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied: And in case the said Court shall at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience, of the Defendant or Defendants, order and adjudge, or decree, a Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid by several Payments, then, upon the first Default or Failure in any of the said Payments so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, and that Notice had been given to or left with the Party or Parties so making Default, when and where Application would be made for that Purpose, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Parc thereof as shall remain unpaid, or make such other Order or Decree in the Premises, as to them shall seen* reasonable; to be recovered by the same Means as are herein provide^ for the Recovery of Debt9 and Costs: And upon every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods and Chattels, or Body, of any Person or Persons, the Clerk of the said Court shall indorse, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum oe Sums, and Costs, in separate Items or Charges, so that every Person may know how such Costs, so ordered, decreed, or adjudged, arose, and the Costs of the said Execution; and if the Party against whom any Execution shall be awarded, shall, before any real Sale of the Goods or Chattels, or before he, (he* or they are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifi >nment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk of the said Court, such Sum or Sums, and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgment and Satisfaction in full Tor the same, then and in such Case the Execution shall be superseded, and the Goods and Chattels, or Body, of the said Party, shall be discharged and set at Liberty: And if upon the Day of Return of any Summons, or at any Continuance or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing, shall not make due Proof of his* her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, but become nonsuited, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants Double Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts.

VII. And whereas it is but just and humane, and would tend to promote Integrity and Industry, if the diligent, honest, and unfortunate Defendant or Debtor was distinguished and discriminated, as much as can be, in the Judgment or Decree of the Commissioners, from such as, with an Intent to 4 defraud their Creditors of their just Debts, and in order to prevent their recovering the same, shall sell, secrete, or dispose of their Goods and Chattels, or remove the same out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, or by an exttavagant, dissolute, idle, or negligent Course of Life, shall disable themselves from paying their just Debts-, or from obstinate or di(honest Principles shall refuse to pay such Debts ;* be it therefore further enacted, That in case it shall appear to any three or more of the said Commissioners, being the Mijority of such Commissioners upon the Hearing of any Cause, or afterward, to their full Satisfaction in open Court, that the Debtor or Defendant therein is unable to pay and discharge the Debt thereby demanded, from some unavoidable Accident, and not from any of the aforesaid causes, then and in that Case such Commissioners shall not award Execution against the Body of such last mentioned Defendant or Debtor; nor shall the Bed and Bedding, or Working Tools, of himself or Family", be takerv. or sold by any Fieri Facias, or other Execution; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fakl Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be assembled in Court at Bradford, upon the Second Monday in August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or at some Meeting which shall be held for that Purpose, and of which Notice shall be given in every Court, shall, and they are hereby required to provide, by and from the Fees of the said Court, by such Means as shall 2ppear to them most eligible, a wholesome and convenient Prison or Place of Confinement for such Debtor or Debtors as shall be taken and committed in Execution.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That If the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect or Connivance, permit or suffer any Person or Persons so committed' to escap?, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being the major Part of such Commissioners at any Court, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Gaoler to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which the Person or Persons so escaping had been adjudged to pay, to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs at whose In ft* nee and Request such Person or Persons were committed, and such Gaoler or Keeper is hereby made liable thereto; and on Demand made thereof, and upon his Refusal so to do, the same shall and may be recovered against him by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

X. And whereas there is no Provision for the Maintenance and Support of Prisoners who shall be confined in the aforesaid Gaol, and who shall happen to be, from Sickness, or any other Cause, unable to maintain themselves;’ be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said <£oramiflioflers, or any three or more of them* being the major Part of such Commissioners at any

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 65. 60

Court, upon Application being made to them for that Purpose, to order the Clerk of, eh? said Court to allow and pay to every such Prisoner, from and out of the Fees of the said Court, such Sum of Money not exceeding four Pence per Day, or otherwise, as shall appear to them necessary for the Relief of every such Prisoner.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Debtor or Debtors whosoever, shall be summoned or have Notice or Warning to appear, or shall be compelled to appear, to answer any Debt or Debts at any of the aforesaid Courts, save such as shallhe held within and for such of the aforesaid Districts wherein such Debtor or Debtors shall have his, her, or their respective Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, or Place of Dealing or Working.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Parties in any Suit which shall be brought in the said Court, to compromise and settle such Suit, either before Hearing, or after Judgment, without having the Leave of or being obliged to apply to the said Court, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, for that Purpose, and without any further or other Costs than those which shall have been then incurred.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Isaac lFillfo*y of Bradford aforesaid, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed, Clerk of the faiu Couitof Requests, during his good Behaviour; and shall have yearly paid unto him, for the Service of himself and Deputies, and also to find and provide the Books and Registers of the said Court, the Sum of two hundred and twenty Pounds, and no more, by the Treasurer herein after mentioned, from and out of the Fees of the same Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Isaac IFiUfon shall give Security, by Bond or otherwise, to the good Liking and Approbation of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be assembled at the Court to be holden at Bradford upon the second Monday in August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to three or more of such Commissioners, in any Sum not more than five hundred Pounds, nor less than three hundred Pounds; and every other Clerk who shall at any Time hereafter be elected, shall, immediately upon his Election, to the good Liking of the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be then present, give sufficient Security, by Bond or otherwise, to any three or more of such last mentioned Commissioners, in any Sum not more than five hundred Pounds, nor less than the said Sum of three hundred Pounds, for the Delivery of all Books, Papers, and Writings, belonging to or in anywise respecting the said Court of Requests, and for the accounting (which Account shall be upon Oath, if required by the Treasurer herein after mentioned) and due Payment by such Clerk of all Monies which shall come to his Hands, either for the Use of the Suitors of the said Court, or as Fees due for the Services of himself and Beadle, or either of them (and all which Fees every such Clerk shall and is hereby impowered to receive), to the said Treasurer, annually, or oftener, if thereunto required by such Treasurer; and every such Clerk shall, from Time to Time, pay all the said Monies (except the Sum of fifty Pounds, which shall always be left in the Hands of every Clerk to answer the Claims of the Suitors) unto the said Treasurer, whensoever he shall be required so to do by such Treasurer \ and the Receipt and Receipts in full of such Treasurer, shall release and discharge the Clerk to whom the same shall be given, and his Sureties, of and from such Bond or Obligation as he and they shall have entered into, and of and from all Claims and Demands by the Suitors, or any other Persons whomsoever, for or on account of the Monies so received as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the Expence$ of procuring and passing this present Act are discharged, the several Fees herein after mentioned and expressed, and no other, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the said Clerk and Beadle; and that after such Expences are discharged, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be fitting and acting in Court at Bradford aforesaid, upon every second Monday in September in every Year thenafter, for ever, and they are hereby impowered to fix, adjust, and appoint what Fees shall be taken for the Services of the said Clerk and Beadle, in the Execution of this Act, for the Year then next following such last mentioned respective Court Days, and which shall be settled, as near as can be, to answer and pay the several Salaries of every Officer or the said Court, and the several Purposes of this Act, and shall in no Case exceed the several Sums herein after expressed j (that is to say):

(To the Clerk, \ To the Beadle,

For every Summons or Subpoena, to the Clerk,

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant to appear.

For entering an Appearance, to the Clerk,

5 To the Clerk, * -

for every Hearing, $ To the Beadle,

For every Order or Nonsuit, and entering the same, to the Clerk, For the Service of every Order, Summons, or Subpoena, upon a Person not in Court, to the Beadle,

And upon a Perfoit in Court,

For a Copy of every Order to be served, to the Clerk,

For every Execution, j To t‘hl Sadk,

Acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerk,

For every Search in the Books, to the Clerk,

Acknowledging Satisfaction in Part, to the Clerk,

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk,

4 I

1 1 o o o o

d.

Debtor? mt com pellibif 0 appear at any Court but that held in thcif respective Oil* taitf i.

Parties may com* prr'm’f: Matter! without Application to the Court.

Mr. WiLTon appointed Cleric, with a Salary.

Clerk to g'veSe* cuMjr,

Commiftonert td (certain the Fees to be paid*

fable of Fee* 1

A printed

6o8

C. 65.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Cortf to be awarded not to exceed 6 f. 10 d.

Penalty on taking ar.y 1-xger

I'CCS,

A printed^able of which appointed Fees, shall from Time to Time be hunjj up, by the Clerk of the said Court, in some conspicuous Part of every Court or Place where the faicj Commissioners shall meet, to the End that all Persons may fee, read, and know the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Costs to be given, awarded, or allowed, by the said Commissioners, in any Case whatsoever, shall exceed the Sum of six Shillings ant} ten Pence; nor shall there be awarded or allowed any other or greater Fees where the cause is against several Defendants, than if such Cause had been against one Defendant only (Fees for Copies and Service of any Prpcefs, Rule, or Order, only excepted).

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, or any Officer of the said Court, shall take or demand any greater Fees or Reward than what shall be directed and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, for their respective Services in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, tior less than twenty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall assess and impose, one Moiety whereof to be paid over to the Person or Persons from whom such greater Fees or Reward shall have been taken, and the other Moiety thereof to the Churchwardens or Overseerj of the Poor, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the Township where such Person or Persons paying such greater Fees or Reward shall reside; and upon Failure of Payment of the Fine or Fines which shall be so assessed and imposed, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby required and impowered to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction within the said West Riding, there to-remain for any Time not exceeding forty Days, unless he or they shall sooner pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as aforesaid, in which Case he or they are forthwith to b? discharged out of Custody; and if upon Complaint made by any Person or Person?, upon Oath in open Court of any Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty of any Clerk or other Officer to be appointed by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners-then fitting in Court shall enquire into the Nature of the said Complaint; and if it shall appear to be well founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so fitting in Court as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to give Notice, by Advertisement in the Newspapers printed atZrWr, and by Notice immediately after Divine Service in all the Parish Churches within the Jurisdiction of the said Cou;t of Requests, that a Meeting will be held at some convenient Place in Bradford aforesaid, upon a certain. Day therein to be mentioned, and which shall not be less than eight Days, nor more than fourteen Days after such Notice shall be given, to examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners as shall then meet, or the major Part of them then present, that such Clerk or other Officer hath been guilty of any Neglect of Duty, or Misbehaviour, in his or their Office, that then it. shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present as aforesaid, to suspen4 or remove such Clerk or other Officer from his said Office.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court of Requests appointed by this Act, and also all other Clerks of the said Court of Requests thenafter to be appointed, shall, and is and are hereby impowered and required to issue out and register all Summonses, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Judgments, Decrees, Executions, and Proceedings of the said Court, and shall provide and keep propef Books, wherein shall be entered and registered all Acts, Orders, Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court; and the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being is hereby impowered from Time to Time, as he shall think proper, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Execution of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Court, or the major Part of them, who shall be fitting and acting in Court on the next Court-day after the Death, Removal, or Resignation, of any Clerk appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or so soon as. the same is publicly known, to give Notice thereof, by Advertisement in one or more of the said Newspapers; and shall thereby appoint a certain Time, which shall not be less than eight Days, nor more than fourteen Days, after such Advertisement being inserted, for the Commissioners to meet at some convenient Place in Bradford aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, then present, are authorised and required to elect another Person in the Room of the said Clerk so dying or resigning, or being removed as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, upon the said twenty-sixth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Morning of that Day, to meet at the King's Arms in Bradford aforesaid; and which Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby authorised and required to nominate, coqtraft, and agree with proper Persons, upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think reasonable and most proper to answer and fulfil the several Ends and Purposes of this Act, to feive the several Offices of Beadle and Gaoler of the said Court of Requests, during such Time as they shall respectively behave well, so as that such Beadle shall not have more than fifty Pounds a Year, nor the Gaoler more than twenty Pounds a Year, for their respective Services.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death or Resignation of the Beadle or Gaoler, or either of them, the then Clerk of the said Court shall, and is hereby impowered

r.ader incaf-of an^ required to nominate and appoint another Person in the Room of, such Beadle or Gaoler so dying or Fcath or Rtfife- resigning, with a Salary or Reward in Proportion to that of such Beadle or Gaoler so dying or resigning, until another shall be elected by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be assembled at the first Court which shall be held at Bradford aforesaid; and in case of the Removal of any such Beadle or Gaoler, the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, shall cleft and appoint a proper Person in the Room of such Beadle or Gaoler so removed, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained, and so from Time to Time upon every such Vacancy of the said Office of Beadle or Gaoler, (or ever.

CompVnt being niide of Neglect of Duty in the Civile, &c. ft Meeting it to be ca.led 3

nd If the Clerk, &c. it found guilty, he may be fulpenied or removed.

The Clerk* Duty*

Power to appoint D puty.

OnDetth or Re-

f gnat ion of Clerk,

another to be

elected.

Commissioner* to sp- o"nt a Beadle end Gaoler, with Salaries,

CVtk nr.sy appoint a temporary Beadle or

ration, &c.

A.D. 17&o. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 65. 609

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Beadle, or his Deputy or Deputies, who shall Penalty on the be employed to serve or levy any Execution, or to take, arrest, and convey to Prison, any such Person ^Bea.le toriuf-or Persons as aforesaid, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect, Connivance, or Omission’, suffer such f*nns Peifowto Person or Persons to escape, or lose the Opportunity of levying such Execution, then, upon Complaint e cape* of the Plaintiff in such Execution to the Commissioners, at their next Court to be holden in the District where such Execution ought to have been levied, they shall order the Beadle of the said Court to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded, and he is hereby made liable and subject thereto; and on Demand made thereof, and on his Refusal so to do, the same shall and may be recovered against him by such Ways and Means as are herein-before provided for the Recovery of Debts.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Beadle, if Need be, shall and may appoint a Deputy or Beidlc'i Dutyw Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by them.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Clerk hereafter to be elected or appointed shall have Salaries of future more than one hundred and sixty Pounds per Annum for his Services, nor any Beadle more than fifty Officers.

Pounds per Annum for his Services, nor any Gaoler more than twenty Pounds per Annum for his

Services.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners, not being less in Number than twenty, Commissioner shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Actfc, from Time to Time, and so often as they shall may make Rule* fee Occasion, at any Court or Courts, to make such Rules or Orders for the better regulating the Practice >nd pr.dcri £or of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, (o as they be conformable to Law, and do not tend to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent Court -9

and Meaning of this Act 5 according to which Rules and Orders so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioner, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this1

Ad, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matters of Debt, not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce

such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good

Conscience; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them in Court *nd may admini*

assembled, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant plrt^i ajidWit-'

or Defendants, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to all or txQet*

any of the Officers of the faiff Court* and to any Person or Persons whomsoever, whose Evidence shall,

to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, appear necessary for the better Discovery of’

the Truth, and more solemn Determination of Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said

Court.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, brought or commenced in Artum* or Suits* the said Court of Requests, nor any Order, Decree, or other Proceedings of the said Commissioners in not to be re-the said Court, shall be removeable out of the same by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proceeding what- ®°veable. soever, into any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or into any other Court whatsoever, against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Limits of the said several and respective Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty; and that if any such Action or Suit shall be so removed and prosecuted, the Defendant therein shall and may plead the General Issue; and in case the Debt sued for, or to be recovered in denerallflM*. such Action or Suit, doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and the Defendant shall prove, by sufficient Testimony, that such Action was removed out of, or was first brought iifthe said Court of V

Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff in every such Action or Suit shall not recover, but Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants; and the Judge or Judges before whom the said Cause shall be tried, shall award, that the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall pay to the4 Defendant or Defendants Treble Costs. Treble Cost*.-

XXVII. And, for the more effectually establishing the said Court of Requests, and the better en- Penalty on Per- forcing the Orders and Decrees which shall be made by the said Commissioners, and that they may be ton* interrupting vested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any insults or Abusesbe it CommissionenT further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any or either of the or Commissioners or Officers of the said Courr, during their fitting in the said Court, or shall interrupt the Execution of Proceedings of the said Court, or in any wise hinder, abuse, molest, or oppose any Officer in the Execution tkeir Duty, of his Office, it shall be lawful for the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then fitting, to take such Person or Persons so offending before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York\ and upon the Fadfc alleged being proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices shall impose and set, upon such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, such Fine or Fines as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet and reasonable; provided the Fine on any one Person doth not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, nor be less than five Shillings; and upon Failure of immediate Payment of the Fine or Fines which shall be so set, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction within the said West Riding, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months* unless he, she, or they, shall sooner pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as aforesaid; in which Case he, she, or thby, on Payment of such Fine or Fines, are forthwith to be discharged out of Custody, and the Fine or Fines immediately paid over to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence was committed, towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

6io

A Copy of the ftbove CWo fie to W stuck of in the Court*.

Person* committing wilful Per-, jury to be liable to the usual Pains and Penuries.

Penalty oft Witnesse* not appearing on Summons or Subpoena.

No Privilege to

be allowed to exempt any Person from Ju'if- s diction of the Court; nor Attorney admitted to appear ai such .

Act no* to extend to Debts for Rent, &c.

Expense* of thll Act how to be paid.

Annuities may he granted for Money borrowed,

C. 65.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 17Co.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court for the Tifne being (hill, from Time to Time, affix, or cause to be affixed or stuck up, in the most public Place or Places uhere such Court or Courts shall be held, and the said Commissioners shall fit to do Business, as aforesaid, a true printed Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance in the Premises.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That itv enfe any Person or Persons making Oath (or Affirmation, being of the People called Quakers)9 or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and shall thereof be convicted according to Law, such Person or Persons shall incur or fufter the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable or shall be subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person inhabiting or residing within the aforesaid Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty, or any or either of them, who shall be served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the Cletk of the said Court for the Time being (and which he is hereby impowered and authorised to issue and make out), to appear in the Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, Creditor or Debtor, shall neglect or refuse ro appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, and Oath being made, by the Party at whose Instance the Subpoena or Summons iffutd, that the Party fubpeenaed or summoned Was a material Witness in the Cause, and due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and that such Person had tendered to him one Shilling* together with one Penny per Miie, for every Mile such Person was necessarily obliged to travel in going and ictuming, in Obedience to such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court at which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, aftcmHed in such Court, to impose a Fine, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied, if not immediately paid on Demand, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (ifarly) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deduced 3 which Fine, wntn paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued $ and in case no Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, diffident to answer such Fine and such Distress and Sale, can be found, then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall commit such Offender or Offenders to the said House of Correction within the said West Riding, for any Space of Time not exc eding twenty Days, unless such Fines, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Commitmer t, di d] be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person from the Jurisdiction of the same Court of Requests, on account of his being an Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts at Westminster, or of any other Court 5 ner shall any such Attorney or Solicitor be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as Attorney or Advocate on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, under the Penalty of five Pounds* to be recovered in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, with respect to Persons abusing or insulting the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court* during their fitting in Court.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or any other real Contrail, nor to any Debt contrafted by an Infant or Apprentice, nor to any Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Teshment or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court; nor to any Debt for any Money won at, or by Means of, any Horseracc, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play 3 nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute, nor to any Debt, Contrail, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, made to or with any Person keeping an Ale-house, Tipling-house, or Dram-lhop, to pay for Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or any Security given touching or on account thereof 3 nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out the Summons for the same, although the same shall not amount to forty Shillings 3 any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the discharging, paying, and satisfying the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this present Act, and in order that the same may be discharged as soon as possible. from and out of the Overplus Money arising from the Fees, after the Payment of the Salaries to the Clerk and other Officers of the said Court, and all Expences on account of the Prison and Prisoners therein confined, or any other necessary Expences in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, not less in Number than five, or the major Part of them w ho shall be assembled upon the said fourth Wednesday in July-, or at any of the aforesaid Courts, and they are hereby required, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or as soon after as can be, to borrow and raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, at Interest, or by the Grant of one or more Annuity or Annuities, for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, to be charged and chargeable upon the aforesaid Fees; which said 1 Annuity or Annuities (if any such shall be granted) shall not exceed the Rite of twelve Pounds per Annum upon any one Life, for every one hundred Pounds so borrowed or raised, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum 3 and they the said Commissioners, who shall be so assembled, shall and may, by ail Order or Orders, signed by any five or more of them (without any Stamp), charge the aforesaid Fees with the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities accordingly; and from and immediately after the advancing of the Monies for the Purchase or granting of such Life Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, into the Hands of the Treaffiicr to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and the Delivery of such Order or Orders for the

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c. 65.

Payment of such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, such Annuity or Annuities shall (land and be charged anti chargeable upon, and shall be paid and payable out of, the said Monies to arise from the said Fees, in such Manner and Form as by such Order or Orders for Payment thereof shall be exprdled or directed } anxi the same shall be free from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Annuity or Annuities may be from Time to Time assigned by the Person or Persons entitled to the same, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or AHigns, by Indorsement upon the Back of the said Order or Orders, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners who shall be assembled upon the second Monday in September, in Bradford aforesaid, or the major Part of them who shall be so assembled, shall and may, and are hereby required to eledi and chufc a proper Person to be Treasurer, until another shall be chosen in his Room (and which, in case of his Death, Resignation, or Removal, shall be by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be adiing in the Court next after such Death, Resignation, or Removal), who shall audit and settle the Accounts of the said Cleric for the Time being, and receive the Balance of all such Monies as the said Clerk, or any other Officer, shall have received by virtue of this Act, upon any Account whatsoever, and shall give Receipts and Discharges for the same, and also shall receive all Monies which shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be borrowed or paid for or on Account of the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, and other the Purposes of this Act; and out of the Monies which shall come to his Hands, shall pay the Salaries of all Officers, and the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, or in anywise relating to the Execution thereof; and every such Treasurer, immediately upon his Election, shall give sufficient Security to'three or more of the said Commissioners, in any Sum not less than five hundred Pounds, that he will faithfully audit and settle the Accounts of the said Clerk, and that he will account, upon every second Monday in September, with the Commissioners who shall be then assembled at the Court in Bradford aforesaid, or oftener if thereunto required by a Majority of the Commissioners at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Notice shall be given in every Court at the lead four Days before such Meeting shall be held), for all Monies by him received and paid, as such Treasurer as aforesaid, on twenty Days previous Notice being given, or left at his House or usual Place of Abode, for that Purpose; and he, or his Executors or Administrators, will well and truly pay all such Monies as shall appear to be remaining in his Hands, on auditing or settling such Accounts, and that he or they will deliver over all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Possession, Custody, or Power, belonging to or respecting the said Court of Requests, or to the said Office of Treasurer, to any succeeding Treasurer, or other Person, as the Commissioners at such Annual Meeting, or other Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall direct and require.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That for the better investigating and settling the Accounts of the said Treasurer, and also for the examining and inspecting the Books and Accounts belonging to the said Court, or of the Clerk or Treasurer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, who shall be assembled at any such aforesaid Meeting for the Purpose of examining any Accounts, to fend for, peruse, and inspect, all such Books and Accounts, when and as (hey shall think proper and expedient.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the said County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, provided the Defendant shall give Notice of this Act, and specify the Year when it was enacted, along with the General issue, and that he intends to give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence on the Trial of that Issue; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if, upon Vcididl or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any ether Case by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-sixth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty, so much of the aforesaid Adfr as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the said Parishes, and Lordship or Liberty, and the several Matters and Things therein contained, concerning the said Court of Requests, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Order or Decree made by virtue of the aforesaid Act, for the Payment of Money, but that such Order or Decree shall (land, continue, and be in full Force, and be carried into Execution by the Commissioners who shall, fit and act under this present Act, as if such Order or Decree had been made and pronounced by them; nor shall the same extend to take away or annul any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions of the> Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the County of York, or of any other Court Baron whatsoever, but that the same shall be and remain, and continue, in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, for Recovery of any Debt or Damages, as if this Act had never been made.

XL. And whereas the Right Honourable Richard Cavendish commonly called Lord Richard Cavendish, and the Right Honourable George Henry Cavendish* commonly called Lord George Henry Cavendish, are

seised, for their, Lives, with Remainders to other Persons, of and in the Manor of Kighley, in the County of York: And whereas, within the Court Baron of the said Manor, Plea hath been imme-

mortally held every three Weeks, or so often as was requisite, in all Personal Actions arising within the ? Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron, where the Debt or Damages hath bees under forty Shillings: And

6l I

Annumes nny he assigned.

Choice and Duty of the Treasurer to the Court;

who is to girt-Security.

Commissionerl may fend for and inspect Books, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Former Act repealed.

Orders and Decrees, made by virtue of former Act, to be valid.

Extending the

Ju ifdidlu n of trie Court baron of Ki^hley to Debts under 51.

6l2

C. 66.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

If Defendant, in any Summon*, 4)oet not enter A ppcinocC| Plaintiff may do it, and proceed thereon.

Penalty on Jurymen for Non* appearance.

Ho Plaint*, dec. gull be removed from the Court;

A.D. 1780.

whereas very extensive Trades and Manufactures are carried on by Persons redding or dealfog within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Gutfeley, Cahirley, Batley Birjlal, Mirfeld, Hartijhtal ram Clfton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Ton

in the West Riding of the County of York, many of whom frequently contract Debts of forty Shillings and upwards, to the Amount of five Pounds, making in the Whole a large Sum of Money yearly:

And whereas the said Parish of Khhley is situate within the said Manor: And whereas, notwithstanding Justice hath been from Time to Time administered in the said Court Baron in the most impartial Manner,

yet the Method of compelling Debtors to appear to Actions commenced in the said Court Baron, and of bringing such Actions to Blue and Trial, and the Method of compelling Persons to attend as Jury- men on such Trials, are very dilatory, and often ineffectual for those respective Purposes, and by Reafoa thereof, and of the Expence attending the Prosecution of causes to Judgment in the said Court Baron,

many honest Creditors are often discouraged from attempting to recover just Debts, and thereby many evil disposed Persons, who have contracted small Debts within the said Manor, often refuse Payment thereof, and set their Creditors at Defiance: And whereas the regulating the Pradic$ and Proceedings of the said Court Baron, and extending the Jurisdiction thereof to hold Pleas for Debts and Damages,

within the Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron, not exceeding five Pounds, would much contribute to promote Industry, support and encourage useful Credit, and be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants, and others, living or trading within the Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron:’ Be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cours Baron of the Manor of Kighley, within the Jurisdiction thereof, and the Steward and Deputy Stewards thereof, to proceed and bold Plea, not only m any Plaint, Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding forty Shillings, but also in any Plaint, Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of five rounds, which hath accrued, or shall hereafter arise or accrue, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and to proceed to Judgment, Trial, Verdict, final Judgment, and Execution, in every such Plaint, Suit, or Action, in the same or The like Manner as they have heretofore done in any Plaint,

Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, with full Power of awarding Costs to either Party, and proceeding for the Recovery thereof as well as for the said Damages, and of exercising all such other Liberties and Privileges whatsoever, a a they have heretofore done in any Plaint, Suit, or Action, for Debt or Damages in the said Court, notwithstanding any Thing herein contained to the contrary.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if the Defendant or Defendants in any Summons, or Preempt in Nature thereof, issued from the said Court Baron, or by the Steward or Deputy Steward thereof, shall not (having been served therewith as herein after mentioned) appear at the Return thereof, or within one Hour after calling or opening the Court held next after issuing such Summons or Precept, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein (Proof being made on Oath in open Court, that stich Summons or Precept hath been duly executed, by Delivery of a Copy thereof to the Defendant or Defendants, or leaving the same at his, her, or their Dwelling-house or Housea, five Days at the least before the Return thereof) to enter a common Appearance for such Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her, or their Appearance in pursuance of such Summons or Precept, notwithstanding any Law, Usage or Practice to the contrary.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person duly impannelled and fommoned to serve upon any Jury in the said Court Baron, who shall not appear and serve on such Jury (after being three Times called, and Proof being made on Oath that the Person so making

Default hath been duly summoned), shall forfeit and pay, for every such Default, such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, as the Steward, or other Officer holding the said Court, shall from Time to Time think reasonable to impose or set, unless just Cause for such Defaulter’s Absence shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Steward, or other Officer of the said Court; which said Fine or Fines, if not paid on Demand thereof, shall, together with the Costs of levying thereof, be recovered by Distress and Sale of such Defaulter’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Steward or Deputy Steward of the said Court Baron, and shall be applied as other Fines of the said Court have beta heretofore payable or applicable.

XLIII. And be it further evaded. That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Plaint, Suit, of Action, to be entered or commenced in the said Court Baron for any Debt or Damages under five Pound* arising within the said Manor, or any Judgment or other Proceedings to be had thereupon, shall be removed or removeable by any Writ of Recordarifacias Loquelam, Certiorari, false Judgment, or otherwise howsoever; but such Judgments in the said Court Baron shall be final and conclusive to all Inteati and, Purposes whatsoever.

---

[except Plaints in Replevin.]

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, that all Plaints in Replevin shall be had and proceeded in, and removeable, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile-end New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other open Passages and Places, within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the Highway Rates with other Rates within the said Hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon other wise Whitechapel, in the said County, and removing a Bar now standing across the same, and other Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

[Index removed.]

